# Unwinding Truths

Voldemort was still lingering in the corridors and mentally running
through his options for dealing with Tom when Morgan returned. He was
still conflicted on whether he should wait until he returned to Britain
to deal with the horcrux personally and risk the malevolent creature
escaping yet again in the meantime or if he should risk bringing in a
third party, probably Lestrange, to deal with Tom immediately on his
behalf and risk the truth about horcruxes becoming known to yet another
person. Morgan proved an unwelcome distraction to this dilemma, but the
news he had after such a brief absence brought about more immediate
concerns.

"My Lord," Morgan said, "I have just been made aware of a very troubling
rumor."

This was Morgan-speak for 'let's go somewhere private'. Otherwise he
wouldn't have wasted his time grandstanding and just said it. Voldemort
felt a spike of irritation. What else could go wrong today?

The Bourges Palaces had any number of private rooms that were supposedly
safe from prying eyes and ears, but the Dark Lord only trusted those
rooms Morgan or he had properly secured. The closest room was his
private quarters. The suite included three rooms: a bedroom, a bath, and
study that doubled as a parlor. The rooms were lavish with everything in
brightlycolored silks, gold, and crystal shining and glittering in the
sunlight that streamed through the floor-to-ceiling windows. Voldemort
hated them. He preferred his residences back in Britain with their
sturdy wood and stone structures, their heavy fabrics and solid metal
fixtures. Bourges was beautiful, but it was a frail, shallow sort of
beauty that he felt little fondness for.

Morgan secured the doors and activated the wards as they entered the
study. Parts of the room sparked and crackled as the foreign magic
struck it, revealing the existence of spellwork that could have been
anything from charms on the Grandfather clock by the door to a
discreetly hidden surveillance spell someone had conveniently forgotten
to mention. Nothing unexpected there.

"I just received word from palace security that a wand was registered in
Paris matching Albus Dumbledore's."

Voldemort let out an irritated hiss.

"Of course. There was no way he could keep his sticky fingers out of the
negotiations. Why register his wand? He knows we'll be able to track it
now."

"I am afraid that is not how French magical surveillance works. Once the
wand is registered, it will not trigger the alarms that an unregistered
wand would. The only thing it will do is allow us to identify spellwork
cast by that wand after the fact."

Voldemort nodded. He should have known Dumbledore wouldn't make such an
amateur mistake.

"Can we *unregister* his wand to make it traceable again?"

"Not without the wand going back through customs, otherwise the charms
will expire in thirty days. He came in on a work visa."

"How did he get through customs to begin with?"

"Passed through as a Hungarian potions lecturer with all the necessary
credentials, probably while disguised under polyjuice. They didn't catch
the wand paperwork until the final security check back at their
headquarters. Ten hours after the fact. A sloppy way to run things."

Voldemort wasn't going to argue with him, but he wasn't going to worry
over deficiencies within the French wizarding government either.

"Any leads?"

"They have Aurors and some Musketeers looking into it, but I'd rather
send some of our own people."

"And have them stepping on each other's toes? Try to remember we are
only guests here."

"We can be discreet."

Which was to imply that the French couldn't. Voldemort couldn't help but
mentally smile. It seemed he had finally found something that could
annoy his normally stolid servant.

"I have a better idea."

Snape didn't unpack. While his request to make amends had been accepted,
he wasn't na√Øve enough to think that he had been forgiven yet or that
his presence would be tolerated. He might very well be sent home that
evening or the next. There was no way to be sure what the Dark Lord
would demand for his redemption or if it would even be possible, and a
hasty exit might be necessary.

He did take advantage of one of the overstuffed chairs by the window,
however. His leg ached, as did his hand from using the cane. He had pain
potions in his bag, but he didn't dare take them until he had spoken
with Voldemort. He would need all his wits about him for that meeting.

The summons came far sooner than he had expected, barely an hour after
his arrival. He had thought the Dark Lord would have placed him at the
bottom of his things to do, and he wasn't sure what the early summons
meant. He didn't ponder it long. Voldemort didn't like to be kept
waiting.

The aide who came to collect him was a nervous young wizard, who
fidgeted impatiently when he was forced to slow down to accommodate
Snape's injured leg. The headmaster, annoyed with the aide's annoyance,
intentionally slowed his pace just to aggravate the man further. They
finally reached the Dark Lord's private quarters, and the aide announced
his presence and held the door open for him. Snape entered. The door
shut and immediately locked behind him. Voldemort sat at a desk. Morgan
stood near a window. They both turned their hard, unnerving gazes
towards him.

Snape stiffened, and then carefully leaned his cane against the wall,
before striding across the room. It made his leg ache viciously, but he
managed to cross the room with barely a limp to the chair across from
the Dark Lord's desk. The dark wizard said nothing about his injury, but
Snape thought he might have seen a glimmer of approval at the display.

"You have requested to make amends with me, Severus," the Dark Lord
began without preamble. Snape nodded. "You are aware that the depth of
your betrayal will require either a considerable sacrifice or a highly
difficult task to be forgiven."

"I am aware, my Lord. I am prepared."

Voldemort slid a file across his desk without looking away from Snape.
He continued to watch as his wayward minion took it and opened it. There
wasn't much there. Only three pages; memo to the local Auror's branch in
Paris, a partially censured alert letter addressed to the Department of
Magical Registration and Licensing, and a copy of a temporary wand
registration form. All of it was in French. It took a few minutes for
Snape to read and mentally translate it all, but he knew what was
expected of him from the first three lines of the security memo.

He looked up. The Dark Lord's gaze had not wavered from him the entire
time.

"Dead or alive?" Snape asked.

Voldemort's subsequent smile was pleased if not exactly pleasant.

"I will forgive you if he dies," he told Severus, "But if you take him
alive, I might very well be... *grateful*."

"My resources?"

"Carte blanche, but I expect a full report of your expenses at the end.
Also, while I can promise you the full support of my people in Paris, I
must insist you keep out of the way of local law enforcement and refrain
from telling them of my involvement in your investigation. I would
prefer they not even know why you're there."

As he spoke, Morgan pulled away from the window. Snape tensed
instinctively when the man reached inside of his robe, but he merely
pulled out a bar of silver in roughly the dimensions of a cigarette
case. He handed it to Snape who studied it intently. It was heavy, solid
metal, smooth and rounded along the edges and corners. One side the was
engraved with the British emblem for the Court of National Intelligence,
while the other side was stamped with his name and number of coded
sigils that would announce his rank and privileges within British
government. There was no photo anywhere on it. Such badges could not be
duplicated by any magic yet known and anyone who attempted to steal and
use the badges falsely would be in for a number of very nasty surprises.

"They'll be investigating as well. What do I tell them if I am
identified?" Snape asked, pocketing the badge.

"Improvise. You were always good at that."

Snape nodded. He preferred it that way honestly. He could already think
of half a dozen reasons he could excuse his wanderings around Paris
asking questions but doubted he would need them. He would not be seeking
out the same sources of information the Aurors would think of or resort
to. Paris was a large city and eyes were everywhere. A little coin here
and there and mouths would open. He wasn't afraid to use a curse or two
when it proved more effective. If he were lucky, he could catch up with
Dumbledore by morning.

But only if he were very, *very* lucky.

"I should go now. I trust you have provided Mr. Potter appropriate
supervision in my absence?"

"He will be taken care of."

Snape nodded. It went unsaid that there was a very real possibility that
Harry was a target while Dumbledore was in France. Harry was a target
wherever he went these days, but he was especially vulnerable here.
Snape would not be at all surprised if he followed a trail of
breadcrumbs from Paris right back to Bourges or somewhere nearby.

This was where everything was happening after all.

---

Natalie arrived at Malfoy Manor shortly after lunchtime. She would have
been there that morning, except that visiting the ancient estate
required more than the usual spit and polish than was her daily routine.
Her muggleborn status was considered a disadvantage among the Malfoys,
and she had to work extra hard to disguise any perceived weakness that
would earn their derision. Lucius had never thought much of her, but he
hadn't thought much of anyone and his apathy was par for course.
Narcissa was ambiguous. If Natalie had been a pureblood, she thought the
woman would have encouraged Draco to have affections for her. However,
Natalie was a girl without station or income suitable in a potential
bride, and if Draco had demonstrated any romantic notions towards her
Lady Malfoy doubtlessly would have driven her off. As things stood,
Natalie walked a precariously thin line as the intellectually
interesting but poorer friend of the family who served to make the
Malfoys appear fashionably eccentric. Natalie played along, and she
gleaned enough advantages from her position that she was able to do so
without becoming bitter.

It had taken nearly half an hour just to figure out what to wear, and
then another hour to do up her hair and makeup. When she was finally
perfect, she had a small lunch in her room (she refused to speak or even
look at her mum after the embarrassing debacle that morning), then put
on her finest cloak and left. She had not yet gotten her license for
apparating, but she knew enough to make short jumps at a time, no more
than twenty-five miles with small breaks between each one. It took three
jumps and fifteen minutes to reach Malfoy estate, another five to get by
the guard at the gate. Dobby came to escort her, but he ended up running
after as she strode purposefully past his quivering form.

"M-m-mistress Cypher," the elf stuttered and cringed pathetically. "I am
a-afraid M-master M-m-malfoy is not receiving any-m-more visitors
to-today."

She pretended not hear him.

He fretted and danced around behind her but could do nothing to stop
her. She entered the foyer and pulled off her cloak and tossed it on the
floor. Hurriedly, Dobby picked up the cloak and disappeared with it, no
doubt relieved to make himself scarce even if it did involve clothes.
Natalie took advantage of the moment of privacy to take a deep breath
and ground herself. She was undoubtedly behaving rather presumptuously
and normally she would have been more reserved, but if Harry's concerns
were genuine she would need that presumption to force Draco to take care
of himself. She went to the study first but found it empty... and rather
disgusting. She tried the kitchens, where Draco secretly like to go when
he was trying to avoid his parents, but she only found some house elves
working forlornly on duck consomm√© for dinner. None of the elves knew
where Draco was a the moment, and Dobby never returned to give her
directions, much to her annoyance.

She decided to try for his room next but was intercepted on the stairs
by Lady Malfoy herself. The woman's sudden appearance at the top of the
landing nearly frightened Natalie out of her skin. Lady Malfoy was so
pale and so gaunt Natalie at first mistook her for a ghost.

"Natalie, what a pleasant surprise," the woman greeted her with
surprising warmth, although her smile held a brittle quality to it. Her
clothes and hair were impeccable as always, but they seemed overly large
and superficial on such a wan creature, and her hands fluttered
nervously as Natalie had never seen them do before. "Have you come to
take Draco Christmas shopping? I do hope so. I've been trying to get him
to go all week, but he's still sulking over Hermione going off to spend
the holiday with Lieutenant Stratus' family. He could use a bit of
cheering."

Natalie stared at her, dumbfounded.

Lady Malfoy stared back, the same brittle expression on her face as the
silence stretched. After a long moment, Natalie blinked and nodded
slowly.

"Yes," she said hesitantly. "I thought he could use some cheering up as
well. Do you-"

Draco's voice came suddenly from down the hall, sharp and slightly
panicked.

"Mother! Where are you?!"

"Here, Draco!" Lady Malfoy called back cheerfully. "And you've got a
visitor!"

The sound of footsteps came echoing down the hall.

"Draco dear, stop running. You're not a little boy anymore," the woman
scolded gently. The steps slowed, just barely, and momentarily Draco
appeared at the top of the stairs beside his mother. Natalie barely
recognized him, and she certainly didn't recognize the terror-filled
expression on his face when he stared down at her. He looked for all the
world as if he expected her to destroy him.

"You're not wearing that out, are you?" Lady Malfoy said disapprovingly,
gesturing towards his rumpled clothes. That seemed to break Draco from
his fearful paralysis. He turned and gave his mother a look of complete
frustration, and then sighed.

"Mother, I'm not going anywhere. Natalie and I are just going to have
some tea and a chat. Why don't you talk with the house elves about the
holiday decorations. They've been terribly remiss. I mean *look* at the
place! They haven't even started decorating yet."

She looked up and about, and her expression pinched with displeasure.

"You're absolutely right. Those little... I swear with your father so
busy they've become intolerably lazy. You go entertain your guest, and I
shall deal with them. It was good to see you again Natalie," the woman
said then stalked down the stairs past her and disappeared into the
kitchen.

Natalie watched her go and then turned her wide eyes back to Draco.

"That... was a little strange," she said slowly.

He flinched then scowled and made his way towards her.

"What are you doing here, Natalie?"

"I hadn't seen you in a while and you ignored all my letters. I was
worried."

"Did Potter put you up to this?" he demanded indignantly.

A wave of anger crashed into her at the accusation and implication
therein. How dare he? How dare he keep this from her and treat her like
the enemy? She had been his confidante since they were old enough to
have secrets, and no one aside from his foster sister had been as
trustworthy. Something must have shown in her face, because Draco's
expression twisted once again into something fearful.

"If I weren't in your house right now I would slap you. A lot. Knock
some sense into your hollow head."

"Now, see here, I could have you thrown-"

"Don't you dare threaten me, Draco!" she shouted, her voice booming in
the cavernous foyer. "Don't you *dare*!"

That shocked him into silence. Then shamefully he looked away. He
couldn't throw out Natalie. Not like he could Harry or Uncle Severus.
Not when she knew his dreadful secret, but especially because... well,
she was Natalie. She would know exactly how to make him regret it.

They stood there in silence for a long time, her staring expectantly at
him while he looked at her shoes. He thought he could out wait her, but
he was too tired to just stand there and count the seconds, and
eventually he spoke.

"It's complicated."

She crossed her arms.

"I know I'm no Hermione, but I think I could understand if you speak
slowly and use small words."

Draco made an impatient gesture and for a moment he looked just like he
had before the Christmas Ball: haughty, exasperated, and secretly
amused. But then he flinched and pinched the bridge of his nose. The
illusion dissipated and left her friend once again brittle and strangely
shrunken. Natalie was hopeful though. Beneath the grief and stress,
something of Draco remained.

"I won't tell anyone," she said. He gave her a skeptical look. "Merlin,
Draco, why would I? What could I possibly get out of getting your mum
committed to St. Mungos?"

He seemed to consider that, but his obvious headache didn't seem to be
helping him. She gave an impatient huff.

"Dobby!" she said softly, but sharply. There was a second of silence and
then a soft popping sound at the bottom of the stairs. She looked back
to see the house elf cowering at the bottom, half hidden behind the
carved marble railing. "Well, can't you see your master has a headache?
Go fetch him some headache potion and some tea. Hurry up and bring it to
the library."

She leveled Dobby an impatient glower, daring him to object. He
floundered about stupidly for a few seconds, but didn't protest. Draco
was another matter.

"There are better privacy wards in the study," he said and made his way
slowly down the stairs towards her.

"The study is a bloody fire hazard and it *stinks*. In fact, Dobby, how
could you let things get to such a state? What is wrong with you?! Are
you lazy or just that inept?"

The little creature looked positively horrified, whether by Natalie or
himself it was difficult to say. He fluttered about uselessly for
another second or two, smashed his head into the marble stairs a few
times in self-punishment, then disappeared in an harsh 'pop'. In the
distance, they could hear him wailing like a banshee.

Draco gave her an annoyed look.

"You know he's only supposed to follow the orders of either his master
or his master's family."

"I know. Why do you think I was so nasty to him? If he's too busy
panicking or punishing himself, he's not stopping to ask himself whether
he should actually be doing what I tell him."

"God, I forgot how refreshingly amoral you are."

"You always say the sweetest things."

They moved on to the library.

Natalie had never been there and was strangely disappointed by its
relatively plain design. When they arrived there was a tea service
waiting for them with a small vial of generic brand pain potion. The
room was two stories high and had a narrow walkway encircling the upper
portion, reached via a spiral staircase just off the entrance. There was
a glass wall at the far side of the room that looked out onto a small
lake with verdant grounds and trees heavy with spring blossoms. It was
an illusion, of course, and Draco manipulated a knob by the door to
quickly change the scene to a less obnoxious view of an alpine mountain
range still half covered in snow. On either side of the room, books were
packed floor to ceiling on two walls, broken only by a large portrait of
a wizard with distinctly Malfoy-esque features sneering down at them
from the west wall. The books themselves were protected behind enchanted
glass doors that were nearly invisible.

Draco had told her once while they were mere grade-schoolers that his
father had put the glass up after he caught Hermione taking a book
without permission. She wondered if Draco would take them down when his
sister came home, and if that would relieve any of the bitterness or if
it would only make it worse.

Otherwise, the room was uninteresting. There was a small set of reading
chairs and a matching sofa, an oriental rug, and some table ends. On one
of the table ends was a tea service with a plate of scones and a vial of
generic pain potion off to the side. Draco ignored it, but Natalie
poured two cups and added sugar to hers and lemon and potion to his.
Reluctantly, he accepted the cup when she handed it to him. She sat down
across from him and nursed her own cup.

"So tell me," she said.

"You can't figure it out for yourself?"

"I can make a pretty good guess, but that's not the same as *knowing*. I
don't want any misunderstandings between us. Not about this."

So he told her. The bare bones of his reasons and his plans, unwilling
to lay out his own emotional upheaval over the story. She would read
between the lines and glean the rest of the matter from silence. How she
would use this knowledge he could not be entirely sure. Natalie could be
cruel. She was often cruel but usually it was a purposeful cruelty
rather than the natural malice he saw in so many of his housemates and
his own father in particular. It was just as likely that she would
ignore his weakness altogether. Not because she was being kind but
because his weakness didn't interest her.

Weakness didn't interest him much either these days. Everybody was weak.
That seemed to be the default state of humankind. Strength was a much
rarer quality and usually only appeared for brief moments. There was a
time where he fancied himself quite strong willed, and perhaps he had
been, but he didn't have the endurance to keep it up.

He was so tired.

"I'll help you."

Draco opened his eyes. When had he closed them? How much time had
passed? He looked down at his cup and found it empty. His mouth held the
faint bitter aftertaste of potion.

"And your price?" he asked absently.

"Nothing *too* outrageous. It's in my best interest that your little
scheme succeeds. I don't fancy attaching myself to another rich
pureblood heir. Not after I invested so much time in you."

The fact that she didn't want to rather than couldn't was not pointed
out. Natalie was a beautiful girl, talented, and intelligent. Boys from
all the Hogwarts houses wanted her. It was perhaps Draco refusing to see
her in any romantic capacity that actually most appealed to her. Well,
that and he was generally awesome.

"But that being said, I expect some compensation for time and effort on
my part."

"And your silence?" he mused darkly. She smiled back over her tea.

"Silence is the price *I* pay for keeping your friendship. It is the
same price I pay for Harry and Hermione."

Draco looked away. They were friends, but they rarely acknowledged it
out loud. Slytherins didn't talk in terms of 'friendship' so much as
'alliances'. Friendship was too ambiguous; the rules unclear. His father
had never taught him how to handle it. The best he could manage at the
moment was to change the subject.

"And how do you propose to help me?"

She could have called him on it, but she didn't. It would have been too
easy.

"Simple enough. I'll be your mother."

"I beg your pardon?"

"I'll supervise the house elves, sort the mail and handle the necessary
letters, and run errands. I'll keep track of the gossip and news of the
outside world. I'll make sure both you and Narcissa are properly fed,
clean, and put to bed."

"Not a child!"

"I'll keep you company."

He tossed aside his cup and saucer on the tea service. The cup broke and
reformed. Irritated, Draco picked up the cup and hurled it across the
room. This time it shattered into fragments and remained broken. Natalie
raised an eyebrow, drank the last of her tea, and tossed her own cup
over her shoulder where it struck the glass-encased bookshelves and
shattered too. He stared at her. She stared back.

Despite himself, he laughed.

"Merlin, you're impossible, you know that? How do you expect to help me
out. You can't spend all day and night here."

"Why not? You're my friend and you're grieving. Why shouldn't I stay
with you? At least until we can come up with something better," she
asked as if he were being obtuse. Perhaps he was. She seemed to be ten
steps ahead of his every thought.

"You don't think your mums are going to object to you staying with a
teenage boy for weeks?"

She grinned at him. He wondered if he had gone insane or was it just the
world?

"Oh, I doubt they'll mind. I told them you were gay back in fourth
year."

---

Harry woke to Vicky opening the curtains of his bedroom, sunlight
streaming into his face with a luminescent slap. Groaning, he pulled a
pillow over his head and tried to drift back to sleep, but it was
snatched away along with his coverlet.

"Time to wake up, Harry," his tormentor practically sang.

"Then come back tomorrow at the same time," he complained. "We can try
it again then."

But he was already getting up, stretching and yawning theatrically. The
room was warmer than he was used to in winter, and he felt stiff and
stuffy as if he had slept with a fever. He felt unusually disoriented
from his sleep, the large, unfamiliar room, and even the brightness of
the sky outside his window. It was all felt alien to him, and while
intellectually he knew where he was it felt as if he had woken in a
faerie realm.

Vicky had set a cup of tea beside his bedside, and he took it gratefully
as she flitted about his quarters, preparing for the morning. She had
disappeared into the bathroom for a minute then returned to riffle
through his wardrobe, which was filled half with the things he had
brought and half with a variety of costumes he had never seen and most
he hoped he would never be made to wear.

"You had better hurry and take your bath. You are having breakfast with
the Royal family in an hour," she said, pulling out an unfamiliar blue
shirt and showing it to him. The sleeves were puffy. Harry shuddered.
She rolled her eyes but put it back.

He went to the bathroom and found the bath, a claw-footed monstrosity
decorated with golden sirens (which a muggle would mistakenly have
referred to as a 'mermaid'), already ready full and steaming. The water
was hot and fizzy with bath salts, and smelled pleasantly of milk and
honey. He might have enjoyed it if it were something to reward himself
after a day of grueling exertion of some kind, but a quick morning bath
it seemed rather silly and wasteful. A shower would have been more
practical.

He bathed quickly, not fancying the thought of Vicky walking in to hurry
him along and getting an eyeful in the process. When he was done, he put
on the bathrobe and slippers that had been set on a nearby chair and
went through his normal morning ritual. A relatively new addition to
that ritual was shaving. Harry could not boast the ability to grow a
full mustache or beard just yet, but starting that semester he had
started to grow enough facial hair to look rather scruffy if he didn't
shave at least once a week, and not in an attractive way either. It was
Ira who had given him the bone handle Fighburton's razor, which was
essentially just a straight razor spelled against cutting flesh even as
it cut hair, and shown him how to use it. Draco had told him how to
remove the charm and turn the blade into a weapon.

Harry liked to carry it folded up in his left sleeve sometimes when he
couldn't bring his dagger to the places he had to go and had even
practiced holding and slashing with it once or twice. It had made him
feel silly, but he kept carrying it on him.

He returned to the bedroom and found Vicky had laid out an outfit for
him: black pants, black shirt, and an emerald green vest with a darker
green chainmail pattern printed on it. This shirt had puffy sleeves as
well.

"It's the French style," Vicky explained when Harry pointed it out.

"But I'm not French. Can't I have a little leeway here?"

"I don't get what your objection is. British robes all have puffy
sleeves; I don't see the big deal about puffy-sleeved shirts," she
huffed. Still, she shrank the sleeves so that they became form fitting
rather than loose, and even she had to admit the British style suited
him better. He conceded to wear the French style robe and cloak, both
black on one side and deep green on the other to match. They were
curiously abbreviated. The robe had no sleeves and ended mid-thigh,
while the cloak was a tiny thing hung off to his left side and ended
barely an inch past the robe.

Despite their oddity, when Harry looked in the mirror he thought it all
came together with artistic elegance. He would never wear anything like
it outside the palace grounds, but inside of it he felt confident of the
impression it made. Vicky found him a pair of black gloves and boots (he
wrangled his way out of wearing the silly looking slipper shoes the same
way he did the puffy shirt) and he was dressed for the day.

"Nice," she told him approvingly. "Maybe they'll let you wear it for
your sitting."

"Sitting?"

"Didn't Lord Voldemort tell you? You're getting your portrait painted.
The Queen insisted."

Harry sighed. He had had his portrait painted twice before. The first
time was just after he had killed the Basilisk in his second year. The
portrait resided somewhere in Voldemort's private collection, not to be
seen for a hundred years at least. The second portrait was a month after
the Battle of Berlin Underground, and it hung in the lobby of the Court
of Magical Creatures. Voldemort had wanted to hang it at Headquarters in
Bristol, but since werewolves had featured prominently in it Harry
managed to change his mind. And luckily almost never had to look at it
as a result.

If he were lucky, the Queen intended this latest portrait to be for her
own private gallery as well. The ridiculous number of photographs of him
circulating was bad enough without something as pretentious as a
dramatized painting added to the mix.

"You'll be having an early lunch with the other British representatives
to go over their negotiation strategies, and then the negotiations
themselves start at one."

"Anyone I know?" he asked, even as they made their way to the door.

"I'm sure you've been introduced to most of them at one time or another.
I have dossiers on both them and the Germans which we will go over
during your sitting."

"Vicky, if you weren't married..."

"I think there is enough rolling around with the maidservants going on
around here already, thank you, Lord Potter."

Out in the hall, there were already people moving about, and they were
forced to drop their casual banter for a more formal address, although
Harry refused to let Vicky walk behind him as they spoke. The palace
servants looked at them curiously from time to time, but if the fellow
Britons he passed thought anything about his eccentricity they didn't
show it. As they entered the royal family quarters, the presence of
Musketeers and other forms of security began to appear more obvious, and
Harry could sense the tingle of wards on his skin as they neared their
destination.

The dining room was guarded by Musketeers, who checked them both for
weapons and their identities with a number of charms. Harry noted
curiously that their spells did not detect his razor. He supposed it
couldn't be considered a weapon while it was still charmed. He left his
wand with Vicky, who remained outside and then was escorted inside by a
valet, who announced him in French.

The dining room, like all of the palace, was a beautiful if slightly
ridiculous affair. It was long and relatively narrow with a soaring
ceiling and floor and paned windows. Everything in the room was crystal:
the floor, the windows, the tables and chairs, the statuaries, the door
handles, the vases, the dishes, and the cutlery. Only the walls were not
crystal, but were instead covered with what looked like clouded glass.
It gave the impression of everything and everyone was floating in the
air inside a cloud. Harry took a moment to admire it, then turned his
attention to the occupants of the room.

There were a number of valets that looked nearly identical in blue frock
coats and black wigs standing along the wall or serving coffee and
removing dishes. There were two Musketeers standing at attention by the
windows and looking out for any possible danger. Queen Ophelia sat the
head of long table, Voldemort on one side of her and Seraphina on the
other. There were nearly twenty other people Harry didn't recognize
seated as well, but the table was still only half full. The valet, who
had been waiting patiently while he gathered his bearings, led him
towards the end of the table and pulled out a chair for him beside the
Dark Lord. Another valet brought him a plate with what looked like a
small quiche and a bowl of glazed raspberries. It was almost too pretty
to eat.

Almost.

"Good morning, Lord Potter," the Queen greeted pleasantly. She was
wearing a white gown, and the rosy warmth of her skin and the luster of
her dark hair stood out starkly against it. She was beautiful.

"Good morning, Lord Potter," Seraphina parroted, drawing his attention.
She bore a strong familial resemblance to the queen and was quite
beautiful as well, but somehow she failed to hold his interest the way
the queen did.

"Good morning, your Majesty, Lady Seraphina," he greeted politely.

"What about me? Don't I get a good morning?" Voldemort teased.

"You too then," he replied with a smirk.

This made the Queen laugh softly and Seraphina blink rapidly before
smiling shyly into her tea. Harry promptly forgot about her. There were
a few more idle pleasantries exchanged, and then the queen introduced
the rest of the breakfast guests. As Vicky had mentioned, it was mostly
members of the royal family, cousins mostly with a great uncle and
another niece thrown in, but many of them held titles outside of their
hereditary titles. Count John of Orleans was the head of the Ministry of
Foreign affairs for instance, and Duchess Lacina was in charge of the
Ministry of Health and a licensed Healer herself. Most of them spoke
English (and probably several other languages) and were quite interested
in making conversation with him.

"Lord Potter," a young man little older than Harry called for his
attention. His accent was heavy, much like Fleur's. "I understand that
you are known as quite a flyer. Will you be staying long enough to enjoy
the Season?"

Harry didn't know what he meant, but the Queen elaborated.

"He means The Fliers Season. It is when the Quidditch tournaments begin,
but also some of the more traditional flying sports. Officially, it
starts around mid-April, but there are some events that start as early
as late March."

*Ah*, Harry thought, *that season.* The British had a Season too,
although it wasn't called Fliers Season and was generally marked by
several balls and matches involving obscure sports wherein rich
pureblood hosts introduced their eligible children to prospective
partners. Draco and Hermione both had declared them exceptionally dull
affairs unless you were actually participating. But Harry remembered
what Voldemort had told him about showing interest in their 'little
hobbies'.

"Well that does sound like something I could get into. Are you are flier
yourself?"

"Nothing professional, but I am a Beater on my University Quidditch
team."

"I see. So you prefer participating rather than just watching, as well?
Perhaps we should arrange a match. I admit I haven't had the opportunity
to play since the school Quidditch pitch was destroyed."

Further down the table, Duchess Lacina snorted contemptuously. She was
by far the oldest person in the room (except for Voldemort but you
couldn't really count him) and had a sour expression.

"A silly sport. Grown men trying to knock enough other off brooms. It's
entirely artless. I much prefer Wessicle[^143-1], even if it is German," she
said imperiously. Around the table, several people sighed soundlessly.
Apparently the duchess was known for sharing her opinion.

"Wessicle is indeed a fine sport," Harry said, having absolutely no idea
what Wessicle was, "but you mustn't dismiss Quidditch so readily. It
requires a great deal of skill to play well and anything that requires
skill has art."

To soften his contradicting her, he smiled agreeably at her and lifted
his glass of water as if to toast. The duchess hesitated, but finally
conceded by raising her own water glass and sipping it.

"Touch√©."

Beneath the table, Voldemort patted his knee to show his approval of
Harry's performance thus far.

"Please don't let my prot√©g√©'s lack of discriminating taste put you off,
my Lady. He is young and the world and everything in it is an
adventure."

There was more conversation, and as the Dark Lord had predicted most of
it revolved around the myriad of distractions the rich nobility could
indulge in. It ranged from dinner parties and the finest restaurants to
the countryside hunting trips and riverboat tours. Harry was quickly
bored by the frivolousness of it all but found some interest in the way
Voldemort managed to squeeze his way into the conversation.

He became aware that they weren't quite certain how to handle the Dark
Lord. He was, after all, a Dark Lord, which they only had the vaguest
notion of what that meant. He wasn't normally the sort of person you
invited into polite society in any event. They probably thought he spent
his nights worshiping the forces of darkness and strangling puppies. It
wasn't a fair assessment. He only did those sorts of things on special
occasions.

But this was hardly new. The situation was precisely the same back in
Britain, and here like there Harry proved to be living bridge between
Voldemort and everyone else. The easy conversation and body language he
and the Dark Lord shared put others at ease and simple conversations
they wouldn't have felt comfortable starting with Voldemort they could
start with Harry and pull the other in without it seeming awkward or
forced. This pleased Harry, although he couldn't say why precisely.
Perhaps it was because he felt like he was achieving something useful
during what was otherwise a meaningless exercise in civility.

The Queen of course, was an exception. She suffered no insecurity in
regards to Voldemort and required no buffer to speak her mind. She was
also not particularly interested in small talk, and after her relatives
had filled nearly half an hour with banter she took over the subject
matter.

"We should be pleased if you both are able to enjoy the many pleasures
our country has to offer, but I wonder if you'll have much time for any
of it. Negotiations start today. Have you decided you terms?" she asked,
gracefully but firmly turning the conversation to more serious matters.

Harry tensed at the sudden change of atmosphere in the room, but
Voldemort spoke with the same mild interest he used when discussing
opera and Quidditch.

"The terms are decided," said Voldemort. "I do not expect negotiations
will be particularly long. We have the upper hand in every respect.
Although I will likely have to leave for Germany once they are complete
to oversee that conditions are met."

This was news to Harry. He hadn't known Voldemort would be going to
Germany nor apparently staying there for some time. It made a sort of
sense, he supposed. Voldemort had never been one to shy away from
battle, and he would not consider his enemy conquered until he saw it
with his own eyes. The Dark Lord could delegate as was needed, but he
clearly didn't like it, and he wouldn't leave something this important
in the hands of others.

Harry wondered briefly if he would be expected to go as well.

He hoped not.

He would have to ask later, because the queen was speaking again.

"And what do you hope to achieve? Vindication?"

"Remuneration. This war was expensive in more ways than one, and my
countrymen expect compensation for the wrongs done against them. Then
security. We must make certain that five, ten, twenty years from now the
Germans do not make the same mistakes again."

"And your method? Cripple the country so it is unable to retaliate?"

There was nothing accusatory in her tone, merely curiosity, but Harry
felt baited just the same. Around the table the guests were starting to
look uncomfortable as well. He looked to Voldemort, but the man didn't
seem at all surprised or offended. He was actually smiling at her.

"One cannot cripple a country indefinitely, your Majesty. Given time, it
will heal itself. It is in the method of the healing that I will ensure
lasting peace between our countries. You ask me if I intend to cripple
Germany? Yes, I do. It is necessary to the process. I also intend to
heal it. They will be dependent on Britain for many years, perhaps for a
full generation, during which time I will implement those social reforms
which have seen much benefit in my own country. When at last Britain and
Germany unwind themselves from each other, I would have it be done
without resentment."

"That seems overly optimistic," she said. That seemed to further amuse
the Dark Lord.

"Optimism isn't something I've been accused of often. It is, in fact, an
oversimplification. I do not expect the Germans to tolerate British
occupation without resentment. Merely not resent it enough to go to war
over again. Certainly I will be able to find those Germans more than
willing to benefit from the coming change of the status quo."

"You are truly a remarkable man," she said as if commenting on the
weather. Her attention shifted to Harry suddenly. Her dark brown eyes
regarded him with a fathomless patience, a touch of warmth in her
otherwise neutral expression. "And you? What do you hope to gain from
all this?"

He stared at her for a moment, then looked down at the table to clear
his mind. What did he want? He thought of the war, of what was lost and
why. He thought of his battles, his triumphs, and his losses. He thought
of his abduction and those myriads of people he had met, kind and cruel,
noble and selfish. He thought of Greyback and the goddess clan and felt
his hand fist around his knife.

"I... What I *want* and what should be done... I know they're not the
same things. I lost friends, family, a place I considered a home to
me... I nearly died several times and have the scars to prove it. I
can't think of Germany objectively or in the long term. The losses are
still too raw. I have to trust Lord Voldemort and hope when one day I
*can* put things into perspective that I will agree with the decisions
he has made."

The silence that follows tells Harry he has said the wrong thing. Up to
this point, the conversation had been spoken lightly, even the political
aspects of it. But he hadn't been able to keep his tone light. He hadn't
been able to take her question as anything but serious, and his voice
and his words had been strained by that seriousness that more than
likely hadn't been meant.

"Forgive me."

He started at the sudden break in the silence and turned his surprised
stare to the queen, whose warmth was now tempered by pity.

"It was insensitive to ask. You bear your scars with such grace it is
too easy to overlook them."

He looked away. He didn't want her apology. He didn't want her pity. The
mistake had been his and could easily have been avoided with a joke or
some noncommittal statement, but his damned preference for honesty had
ruined it.

"No, your Highness, there is nothing to apologize for. It is anger not
sadness that made me say that. My temper is my own responsibility," he
said, striving once again for a lighter tone and not quite managing it.

---

Ira spent the time during her husband's absence attempting to be busy.
She had sorted the closets, caught up with her personal correspondence,
read several back issues of scholarly journals, fixed the squeaky
bathroom door, and reinforced the security wards around the house. At
the moment she was writing newspaper advertisements for temporary
schoolhouses and volunteers. McGonagall had sent an owl that morning
informing her of the school board's approval of her idea and asking for
her assistance, and she had jumped at the opportunity to help

The fact that she was lonely and anxious had made it an easy decision to
make.

Severus had left her behind while he went to France, and while he had
given perfectly good reasons why that should be she couldn't help but
feel he wasn't being entirely honest with her. He had seemed distracted
and distant before he left. It had only been a few days since she had
started discussing trying again for a child, and she had not gotten a
satisfactory commitment from him. Had her desire to try for another baby
driven him off? He had been genuinely upset over the loss of their first
child, but she had been so lost in her own grief at the time she could
not say for sure how deep his distress had been. Perhaps while she was
ready to try again, he was not? Or could it be that he resented the fact
that she had brought up the matter now after he had been so seriously
injured and there were so many other things that needed to be dealt with
first?

He hadn't seemed angry at her, but how could she know for sure? He was a
difficult man to read sometimes, and if he felt anger or resentment
towards her he wouldn't necessarily show it if he didn't think it was
deserved. That would have been a sign of weakness in his eyes. Leaving
her behind had perhaps been his way of sparing her his temper or else
finding the distance to sort out his own feelings on the matter. That in
turn made her feel guilty. His leg still bothered him sometimes, and he
got tired easily. While he was looking after Harry, who would be looking
after him?

There wasn't anything she could do about it now except handle things as
best she could at home and prepare to make him welcome when he returned.
If she could manage to set up the temporary schoolhouses before then, it
would mean considerably less stress for him and perhaps help to make
amends for her thoughtless request. Perversely, she wanted him to return
as soon as possible. She missed him terribly.

As if fate itself were listening, there was a knock at the door.

"Oh!" she said in surprise, dropping her quill. Her felt her breath
catch. The cottage was unplottable and only a very select few knew how
to find it. Almost all of them, aside from McGonagall, she believed were
in France. Could Severus have returned after simply depositing Harry
into the Dark Lord's care? But no, Severus wouldn't be knocking at his
own door.

Suddenly, she felt very anxious, but it was different from her
anxiousness over Severus. She was vividly aware that she was a woman
alone in the house. Witches were not as vulnerable as female muggles to
assault, but it wasn't altogether uncommon either. Winston, her
ex-husband, had seemed to take a perverse delight in reading news
articles aloud at the breakfast table about the occasional female victim
accosted on the street or in their very own homes while their husband or
parents were elsewhere.

Briefly, she contemplated ignoring the knock and pretending she wasn't
home, but dismissed the idea. The lights were on and clearly visible
from the garden fence. If she hadn't been distracted by her letter, she
would have seen who was coming herself. And what if it was something
important? What if something had happened to Severus and a messenger had
been sent to inform her? What if it was Draco looking for some company
after his godfather's visit yesterday? Merlin, what if it was Hermione
for that matter?

She took a deep break, reminded herself that the protective wards were
all in place, and pulled her wand from her pocket into her hand. There
was another knock on the door, this time more impatient.

"Just a moment," she called and hurried towards the door.

---

Breakfast had soured the rest of the morning for Harry. Conversation
after that had eventually veered back into light, easy subjects, but he
had avoided participating, and they let him. He had excused himself once
he was done eating, claiming an appointment, and avoided the Dark Lord's
gaze as he left. He hadn't been dishonest. He did have an appointment
with the painter, and he doubted said painter would complain if arrived
half an hour early.

Which she didn't. She didn't even seem to realize he was early. Madame
Baillargeon was a thin, middle-aged woman with beautiful hands, sharp
eyes, and lipstick that was too red for her. When Vicky had introduced
him to her, he had thought she was glaring at him but eventually
realized she was simply studying his face. She did not speak, but
instead handed him a large packet of parchment and a fountain pen, and
then went about setting the stage for the portrait, which so far only
seemed to involve and extraordinary amount of dark blue velvet drapes, a
simple wooden chair, and a large chest she must have kept her art
supplies in. When he looked through the packet, he realized it was a
questionnaire.

The portrait room was a large square room with enormous southern facing
windows, white walls, and white tile flooring. It was a blank canvas in
and of itself, and its sole purpose seemed be to provide abundant
lighting. Vicky had to request a table and chair for Harry to sit at
just to fill out the questionnaire, which was the strangest thing he had
ever read.

What is your favorite constellation?

Name and describe your familiar.

If you could rename yourself what would your name be?

Who is your favorite contemporary?

What are your best subjects in school?

What is the first spell you ever learned?

How many languages do you speak? List them.

Who is your greatest enemy?

Is God a man or a woman?

It went on and on like that for several pages asking him innumerable
personal and philosophical questions. There were even a few math
questions and a place to draw a flower. It seemed extremely silly and
pointless, but he answered them as honestly as he could anyway. When he
was halfway through, he looked up to see what Madame Baillargeon was
doing at this point and did a double take. Where previously there had
only been the velvet drape and chair, there were now dozens of other
items: a deer pelt, a set of silver chalices, several books, a pile of
rune tiles, a sword, a necklace of fangs, a bowl of assorted fruit, a
bright green snake, and a set of tarot cards.

And Bobby.

He started at the raven staring back bemusedly at him from his perch
atop the antlers of a deer skull, wondering how he had gotten into the
room. He wondered how *any*of it had gotten into the room, and then
witnessed Baillargeon pull out a full length Quidditch broom from her
little chest for himself. He watched her continue to pull items out of
the chest, until she seemed to run out and then turn to him with a
frown. This time she did glare at him and gestured at his questionnaire
pointedly. Reluctantly, he went back to it, and after a moment she
started pulling still *more* objects from the chest, and he finally
realized his answers seemed to be what determined what was coming out
it.

It was actually a rather clever idea, he thought.

Except the room was quickly starting to look like a cross between a
menagerie and a junk shop. Eventually he reached the end of the packet,
and Baillargeon pulled out the last of the props and her own art
supplies. With quick impatient gestures, she motioned towards the lone
chair, which she had transfigured into a tall-backed red leather chair
without any arms. He sat obediently and let her move his limbs and head
around until she was satisfied, then held that position for several more
minutes as she arranged the seemingly impossible number of artifacts
around him. Some she put at his feet, others on a small table in front
of him or the large table behind him, or draped over the back of his
chair. Bobby was on the back of chair and given a tile with Laguz, the
rune for water, on it. A deer skull with antlers was placed in his lap
with the green snake draped over that. Its slender body twined among the
antlers and through the empty sockets like a reinterpreted mark of the
Death Eaters. She placed the fang necklace around his neck, and a sword
in his left hand and his wand in his right.

The entire thing was steeped in symbolism, but Harry could not make
heads or tails of it. The whole thing was just plain odd but not
necessarily alarming. Not until the artist gestured for him to stand
again and handed him a large white sheet. He looked at Vicky who was
blushing darkly.

"What?" he asked.

"She... um... she wants you to change."

Harry frowned. Clothing had not been included with the items taken out
of the chest.

"Change into what?"

Vicky pointed at the sheet. He stared at her. He turned and stared at
Baillargeon. She stared back at him and crossed her arms impatiently.

"Are you serious?" he asked.

Apparently, she was.

---

"Mr. Weasley? What are you doing here?"

She barely recognized him without his school uniform and even now she
couldn't recall his first name, but she could vaguely recall that he was
in Slytherin and had been known to keep Harry or Hermione company
occasionally. At the moment, he was bundled up against the cold in a
navy blue wool coat and ushanka hat, but his nose and cheeks were ruddy
from the wind.

"The Headmaster sent me," he said, his breath fogging in the air. He
pulled out a slightly crumpled letter and thrust it towards her. "He
said I should give you this."

"Oh. Well then, come in and warm up. I'll make you some tea," she said
and stepped back to let him through. He frowned but stepped in and
closed the door behind him. He followed her into the kitchen where she
had been working on her advertisements and sat himself down. She put a
kettle on the stove, which was already burning to warm the kitchen.

Turning her attention to the letter, she sat down across from her
visitor and opened it. It was a short letter but curious. It also had
the benefit of stating her guest's full name. She looked up at Ron who
was regarding her expectantly.

"So you're going to be my assistant," she said, not entirely sure how
she felt about that. She hadn't honestly felt busy enough to require an
assistant, but once responses to the advertisement started coming in she
might find him useful. But still, he was just a boy, and she would be
responsible for him. Was that additional responsibility worth the help?
Her husband seemed to think so.

"I guess so," he replied. He didn't seem any more certain than she did.
"He said he didn't want to leave you unprotected while he was away."

She let out a huff and rolled her eyes.

"Honestly! I'm a grown woman. I admire his chivalry, but sometimes it
can just be demeaning."

She stood up from the table and marched towards the cabinets. She
rummaged around in them for the tea and the cups and the sugar, banging
things about as she did. At the table, Ron fidgeted uncomfortably. It
felt incredibly strange to be in Headmaster Snape's house, in his
kitchen, talking with his wife. Although he had known Snape was married
and was Potter's guardian, it had not actually occurred to Ron that the
man would actual have a *normal* sort of life. But the cottage was cozy
and his wife sort of reminded him of his mother when she was huffy. It
was disconcerting after imaninging the man haunting some dark, decrepit
space alone.

"Well," Ron said awkwardly, "the man has enemies. He just wants to be
careful. I'm sure if you weren't here he would still have me watch his
house or something."

"What enemies?" she asked, giving him a confused look.

"Er... Germans?"

Her response to that was interrupted by the kettle whistling. She
removed the kettle and went through the ritual of making the tea. During
the mostly thoughtless process, she considered the letter and Ronald's
words and realized that her husband probably told the boy he was going
to help protect his wife in order to spare his pride more than anything.
She shouldn't call him out on it. It probably wasn't a bad idea to have
the boy tagging along anyway, if not to protect her virtue then to at
least protect her reputation. She was married to a well-known and
respected member of society, which meant she was vulnerable to gossip.
The following days would likely mean travel to a number of residences
and it wouldn't take much for an uninformed observer to mistake her
visit as something other than business if she went unaccompanied.

She set down the cup of tea in front of him. Cautiously, he took off his
hat and took up the tea cup, finally appearing to settle into his
surroundings.

"I doubt the Germans will find much cause to come looking for me, Mr.
Weasley," she said conversationally, "but I'll be glad of the company
just the same. In his letter, my husband also requested I look in on his
godson. I believe you are acquainted with Draco Malfoy?"

A strange series of expressions crossed the boy's face too quickly for
her to read, before finally settling on blankness.

"We know each other," he said and took a sip of his tea. She waited for
him to elaborate, but he never did.

---

Tom rampaged through the little house that had once been his prison,
destroying artifacts and display cases in a frantic rage. The house was
a treasure trove of magical artifacts, but it was all useless to him.
And Merlin, the smell! Pettigrew's corpse lay sprawled where it had
fallen years ago, putrid and maggot infested. Even setting it on fire
had not alleviated the stench.

He drew his attention to a goblet encrusted with jewels and protected
under a number of uncommon spells and felt a surge of hope, but like
each time before, once he had peeled back the layers of protection he
found himself again disappointed. The goblet was powerful but not what
he needed. Disgusted, he threw the goblet aside and stormed out of the
house. There was nothing there that he could use. Nothing that would
work as a vessel powerful enough to hold the Dark Lord. Voldemort was
the most powerful horcrux. He had decades to study and augment his power
through rituals. It would take more than childhood trinkets and magical
baubles to ensnare him. He would need something powerful and infused
with the Dark Lord's magic. His wand or a sacrificial dagger would be
ideal. The first option was not feasible and second he didn't know where
to start looking.

Harry might know. His young friend was openly pagan and mentored by
Voldemort. Surely his counterpart had introduced him to animal sacrifice
and in doing so shown him the sacrificial dagger? If not, there could be
any number of magical artifacts the Dark Lord had shown Harry that might
be used for Tom's purposes.

But Harry was in France and there was no telling when he would return.
Perhaps not until after Lestrange returned to seek vengeance or Amelon
issued the warrant for his arrest. Also assuming the Dark Lord didn't
figure things out for himself and rush down to deal with the matter
personally.

"Damn you, you impetuous idiot," Tom cursed at himself.

He should have known better than to use the anthifold. The risk had been
too great, and he had completely underestimated Lestrange. She had
worked with the Dark Lord for decades so why *wouldn't* she know about
anthifolds? Wasn't he always making the same amateur mistake and
underestimating others? Voldemort, Katarina, Snape, and now Lestrange.
All of them uncovered the truth and forced him to abandon one scheme
after another, forcing him to start from scratch.

Not this time! This time he would see things through to the end.

This time he would have to destroy his enemies first. Amelon and
Lestrange would need to be first. If he were lucky, he could arrange
their deaths to draw suspicion away from him. If Voldemort hadn't become
aware of his true identity, that would buy him valuable time and perhaps
additional proximity to the Dark Lord himself or to Harry. If he were
unlucky, he would need everything prepared before the Dark Lord's
returned. Which so far wasn't going very well.

To hell with it, he would find a way.

And if he couldn't find a way, he would *make* one.

---

Rue de Sir√®ne was one of the few entirely wizarding streets in Paris,
only two blocks from the royal palace. It was a small haven for those
magical folk incapable or unwilling to pass themselves off as muggle,
and as a result anyone who could pass themselves off as muggle did not
feel particularly welcome there. Even Aurors and Musketeers avoided the
place as much as possible, and Clarion had taken advantage of this fact
to set up a brothel for those of a decidedly eclectic taste in bed
partners.

Dumbledore didn't approve, but it was a small evil in the world that
could and would someday be snuffed out on its own. He had an evil more
insidious and far-reaching that he had to deal with for now. Clarion at
least had the decency to let him through his private entrance, where his
*employees* wouldn't attempt to solicit their wares at him. It was
nearing noon, but he could still hear music thrumming through the walls
and the sound of muffled laughter. There was a set of narrow stairs
running up the back, more for fire safety than for regular use, and he
climbed the four flights of stairs to Clarion's private residence.

The fourth floor maintained the same style as the office at the gallery,
except that here there were several other rooms, most of them bedrooms,
and there was the lingering smell of loose soil emanating from them.
There were also more vampires, fiercer than those at the gallery and
armed as well. This was, Dumbledore deduced, Clarion's home base.

"Welcome," Clarion greeted as he entered. He was sitting in a reading
chair by the fire, a glass of blood in his left hand.

"Thank you," Dumbledore said agreeably. Today he was disguised as a
gnome, which was uncomfortable but less suspicious in this particular
neighborhood. "Were you able to do as I asked?"

Clarion pulled a small package from his jacket and handed it to him.

"Everything is there, including the keys and a map of the area. I took
the liberty of including some names and addresses you might go to for
more... exclusive information. They're not cheap, but they're reliable
and discreet."

"You are quite generous."

"I pay my debts," he replied dismissively.

"A sign of a trustworthy business associate. Perhaps we should try for a
mutually beneficial arrangement this time around," the wizard suggested.

Clarion sat up straighter. He was a business man and was always on the
lookout for opportunities. Dumbledore had proven a lucrative partner in
the past and while he had a considerable run of bad luck recently that
didn't mean he didn't have something to offer.

"I was hoping that you would be able to arrange a meeting with Harry
Potter while I am staying in Bourges."

Clarion waited for the punchline. After a long awkward moment, he
realized it wasn't going to come.

"I'm not going to be involved in kidnapping the Prince of Britain. There
isn't enough money or blood in the world to make it worth the risks."

"I am not suggesting kidnapping. Despite all that has occurred, I do not
wish Mr. Potter any harm. Rather I wish to have a conversation with him
of at least half an hour without interruption, be it in or out of the
palace."

"A half an hour?" Clarion asked, looking more intrigued now. Such a feat
was possible. Risky, but considerably less so than a kidnapping. He
would need to call in some favors and cover his tracks afterward, but
all of that was done easily enough. He didn't need to let Dumbledore
know that.

"A half an hour," the old man said.

"It's still dangerous. I'll have to pull a number of strings and burn a
few bridges while I'm at it. All of which is costly. More costly, I
think, than I still owe you or that you can afford under current
circumstances."

Dumbledore did not look concerned, but then the old goat never looked
particularly concerned.

"If you have an alternative method of compensation I am listening."

The vampire took an unneeded breath. He took a drink from his wineglass
then looked to his children scattered about the room. They stared back
at him blankly like dogs waiting eagerly for their master's cue. He
turned back to Dumbledore.

"Viktor."

The old wizard's nonchalant expression cracked ever so slightly.

"What about him?"

"You know what. I want him gone, but I don't have the strength to defeat
him myself. You do."

"While I am flattered by your belief in me, I'm afraid what you suggest
is impractical. I would have no way to find Viktor and even if I did,
engaging in combat in the middle of Paris will attract more attention
than I can afford."

"There are places, even in Paris, where space and privacy can be found.
It is simply a matter of luring Viktor to that place. And I do have
something in mind for that."

Clarion snapped his fingers and one of his minions scurried to his side
and handed him a manila folder, who then handed it to Dumbledore.

"There's a girl, calls herself Heloise Greenwood. We don't know if it's
her real name. British-born. Currently works and lives at the Hotel
Raoulin. According to my sources, Viktor has been courting her. Hasn't
been going well for him either," he explained with a smirk.

Dumbledore accepted the file. There was only one picture, a muggle still
print, and it was grainy and out of focus. From what he could tell the
girl was still under twenty years with shoulder-length black hair, and
probably on the pretty side. He did not recognize her, but felt a
distinct curiosity for her. Who was this girl who had captured the
attention of the often taciturn and aloof Viktor? The last girl Viktor
had loved had been abandoned back in Britain, only to disappear years
later under a cloud of scandal. Could there be a connection? It was too
early to make even the most tentative connection. He would need to meet
her to draw any sort of conclusion.

"Kidnapping girls isn't much better than fighting in the street when one
wants to remain inconspicuous."

"Then don't kidnap her. The girl is said to be unreceptive to Viktor.
She might be glad of an opportunity to get rid of him."

Not an unreasonable conclusion. Witches and wizards did not view
vampirism with any sort of envy. Immortality might have been appealing,
but not without magic. If Viktor was harassing this girl, she might be
scared enough to accept his assistance.

Of course, Dumbledore didn't intend to kill Viktor. Whatever their
differences at the end, the boy had been a brave and loyal ally, and
Dumbledore owed him loyalty in turn. That didn't mean he wouldn't run
the vampire out of town. Viktor didn't need Paris. There was nothing to
hold him to the place with perhaps the exception of Heloise Greenwood,
and the fact that he had stayed to cause Clarion trouble was a sign of
his troublesome stubbornness more than anything. It would do Viktor some
good to learn some humility early in his immortality.

"Do you have an address?"

[^143-1]: Wessicle: A bit like tennis played on brooms, only with a cricket bat,
and for every hit missed the charmed ball (called a wessicle) can fly
further away from the player (making it harder to hit). Miss too many
shots and the wessicle flies into the crowd and the game is over.
Players have to be very skilled fliers and the best players aren't the
one who win the most matches but those who have the most impressive
moves.
