# Matters Unsettled and Unsettling

Harry wandered his way through the woods in the dim predawn light,
looking for reasonably dry kindling amidst damp undergrowth. The last
few days had been unusually warm for February, hovering just above
freezing during the day and even sunny at times, which would have been
nice if it weren't for the mud and the constant dripping of melting
snow. After an hour or so of turning logs and checking tree hollows, he
found what he thought would be enough and headed back towards the
colony. As he drew nearer, other wood-gathers appeared from amidst the
trees, tossing him greetings.

"Morning, Harry," one of the females called. "How's the arm this
morning?"

He lifted his arm, still black even over a month later, and wiggled his
fingers at her.

"It's still there so I can't complain."

In fact, he could complain if he wanted to, because frankly it hurt like
hell. It often did in the morning, as growing stiff during sleep and
then being forced into heavy manual labor shortly after waking was
something it didn't approve of. If he said anything though, Sirius,
still feigning indifference towards him, pretended he didn't care but
inevitably assigned his godson to light-duty chores for the morning. He
knew his godfather meant well, but being treated like an invalid didn't
help matters, not with his arm and not with his status in the pack. So
he ignored the pain and did his part, and life went on.

Harry's days now consisted of colony routine, mixed with private study
and introspection. The winters were quiet here, most of the work
suspended until spring, and most of what they did do revolved around
keeping fires going and meal times. Hunting parties came and went every
few days, rotating three or four werewolves at a time, to hunt the deer
and boar that made the bulk of their winter stews and sausages. It was a
break in the tedium of winter Harry was not yet privileged to
experience. His quiet time had been devoted to researching those
subjects he had not had the opportunity to study during the school year.
The pagan arts and mythos were his primary focus these days, unraveling
those mysterious practices he had glimpsed under Voldemort's mentorship
and finally making sense of them. Even his own abilities, such as his
increased healing ability, his magic-imbued scars, and the affinity his
magic took to water (especially cold water), which seemed simultaneously
influenced and yet independent of Voldemort, were slowly starting to
make more sense to him.

At Remus' encouragement, he had begun writing his own Book of Shadows,
detailing those many spells he had created unknowingly in moments of
desperation or experienced under the Dark Lord's tutelage. He was not
pleased with it so far. He had never written down his own spells before,
and they seemed rambling and disorganized when he tried to describe them
or put the processes used into words.

He wished desperately for Hermione's guidance. There had to be some sort
of style or guidelines for this sort of thing, and if anyone knew what
it was it would be his best friend. She was a walking encyclopedia of
spells, but more importantly she was a scholar in the truest sense. She
didn't learn spells to fulfill some sort of educational quota like most
of the people he knew at Hogwarts, but because she genuinely wished to
understand magic and how it worked. Even though it took longer and was
usually tedious, she had always followed the proper format for research
that made it sound like she was writing her college dissertation rather
than a third year essay. It drove everyone else crazy, her teachers
included, but no one could accuse her of not knowing her stuff.

These thoughts of Hermione's scholastic obsession inevitably led to
other, more sentimental thoughts of his missing friend. Whenever his
thoughts started to wander from his studies, they inevitably wandered
towards her, where she was, and what she was doing. This in turn led him
to considering what he needed to do to find her and bring her home.
Voldemort was the major problem here, and he wasn't quite sure how he
could work his way around him. He figured he had two options. One was to
find Lucius' murderer and the other was to gain a favor from Voldemort
proportional to Hermione's pardon. The first option he was tentatively
looking into through the use of magic. There might have been some sort
of divination technique or spell that could reveal the true culprit, but
he doubted it would be as simple as all that. If it were, then
Inquisitors like Amelon would have used such spells already. There
either *wasn't* a technique or the methods were considered unreliable or
legally inadmissible.

He had written a letter to Robert and Kyle about this possibility but
hadn't had the opportunity to send it yet. Elsbeth had returned just
last night from delivering a letter to Natalie, and he wanted to give
her at least another day to rest before he sent her off again.

As for the second option, he didn't have much control over it. The
misadventures of his life often earned him a favor from the Dark Lord
but were equally as likely to earn him a debt, and there was no telling
when an opportunity would arise next. It could be months or years. He
wasn't that patient. There might be other ways to earn such a favor, but
he found himself reluctant to ask his mentor directly. It meant the Dark
Lord would get to set the terms, and given what was at stake, those
terms were likely something he would never be able to demand of Harry
otherwise.

Harry deposited his kindling at the bath house where they were just
starting to light the furnaces. He chatted with some of the werewolves
for a few minutes, then made his way back towards the cabin to get in a
little reading before breakfast. Bobby was there waiting for him,
perched on an overturned wheelbarrow near the door. Harry smiled at him
in greeting and opened the door wide for him.

The lantern was still lit, although the cabin was now empty. The
oversized bed had been stripped of it covers, some taken to be laundered
and the rest folded and piled at its foot, and the fire was almost out
once again. Harry stoked the embers and threw in the last log from the
woodpile, then pulled his trunk from under a table and started rummaging
for some parchment and his book. Bobby perched himself atop one of the
two chairs positioned in front of the fire, warming himself.

"How did it go?" Harry asked. Bobby's feathers fluffed and fell in a
bird's equivalent of a shrug.

"Well enough, I suppose. This one wasn't the sharpest knife in the
drawer, if you get my meaning, but at least he had the sense to listen
when I told him to do something," the raven said, then sighed. "I don't
know why it's been so busy lately. I used to go months without a summons
and now it seems like I get one every other week."

"Hhhmmm... well, Natalie said paganism has apparently become in vogue
lately. I mean, there's always been this fringe group interested in it
and then the few practicing druids, but she thinks with everything that
happened at Hogwarts people are really starting to get curious about it.
Do you suppose you might be getting a few of those sorts? You know, a
couple witches and wizards dabbling on the safer side of things?"

"Merlin, I hope not. That happened in the sixties, you know. The muggles
were getting into druidic magic and wizarding folks weren't about ready
to be outdone. It was a silly affair. Nobody knew what the hell they
were doing."

Harry tried to imagine that and started giggling. Yes, he could see how
that all might get ridiculous very quickly.

They chatted amiably for a while, discussing Bobby's recent ventures
escorting witches and wizards on journeys and Harry about his studies
and his arm. They broke off again when they heard the breakfast bell
ringing.

"Stay here and keep warm," Harry said. "I'll bring you back some
sausage."

"Well, since you're so adamant," Bobby replied, without having stirred
from the comfort of his roost.

Harry went to the mess hall and squeezed himself in beside Remus along
the bench tables. He helped himself to a slice of rye bread as the
sausages made their way up and down the tables and took a quick survey
of the room. Every time he sat down in the dining hall, he noticed
something new. His first day back, he had noted that there were three
new werewolves, and for once they were all women. This was curious since
typically the men outnumbered the women three to one. He had tried to
approach them separately and together on several occasions, but they had
always hurried off as if scared of him. It wasn't until several days and
a very uncomfortable discussion with Sirius later that he learned that
all three were German.

He still didn't know how he should feel about that, but since they
seemed even less eager to talk to him than he did to them it hadn't
become an issue yet. He had the unpleasant notion that it was going to
become an issue eventually. Sirius refused to talk about it, but Remus
had warned him there would likely be more people brought to them from
among the German prisoners taken, and while Sirius might not take any of
the wizards offered, he was unlikely to turn away any able-bodied witch.
Harry was going to need to find a way to get over his stigma, but he
didn't see it happening any time soon. These women... any one of these
women might have been the ones to kill Allbright or Slughorn or Vector.
Any one of them might have been among the party that orphaned Luna and
murdered dozens of innocent men, women, and children. No one else seemed
bothered by this, but Harry supposed necessity trumped vengeance in the
werewolf mind, and the colonies had been desperate for females from the
beginning.

Today's observation was fortunately more mundane. He noticed the latest
hunting party had returned and Morton Longtooth, a boy around Harry's
own age, was looking around rather smug. It was Longtooth's first winter
hunt, a rite of passage for any werewolf but boys in particular, and it
seemed he had succeeded in felling a boar or deer. From now on things
would be different for Longtooth. He had proven he could be a provider,
and that gave him certain rights that he had not had before. He could
move to different cabins or even a different colony without his parent's
approval. He could court a fertile female, sit in with adults during
pack meetings and voice his opinions, and even issue challenges for
position as beta or alpha within a pack. It also meant he would be held
solely responsible for his mistakes as well as his accomplishments.

Harry had never been on a winter hunt, but he had been considered a
grown man by pack standards since before the passing of Greyback. His
rites of passage had been stranger by far, yet no less poignant in the
eyes of the werewolves. As a mere child he had challenged the head alpha
Greyback more than once and survived, he had tamed the wolf spirit and
made it a part of him when he had saved Sirius, and he had killed
wizards. No deer or boar could compare with that.

"Blackbone and I are going to take you hunting next," Remus told him,
his voice carrying throughout the room.

A least, he hadn't *thought* it compared.

Harry nearly protested, but quickly caught himself. If he had a choice
in this hunt, then it would have been offered in private. But they
weren't in private and there hadn't been a question. Sirius had a
tendency to be heavy handed, even with Remus and Harry, but this seemed
unusually presumptuous. There had to be a reason. Perhaps the pack was
starting to suspect their alpha's favoritism again?

"As my alpha commands," Harry said obediently, loud enough for all to
hear without sounding forced. This brought a murmur of approval from
around the room. Something was definitely going on. Normally, he would
spend the meal chatting with Remus, always loud enough for Sirius to
hear too, and who ever happened to be sitting around him, but today his
conversation was taken up by well-wishers and advice-givers to the point
where he barely managed to get a bite of breakfast.

"Don't let them all make you nervous," Longtooth advised good-naturedly.
"It's not the hunting part that's the hard part. Rabbits and ducks are
honestly a lot harder to hit, and you've bagged a few of them already.
It's the camping out part that gets you. Pace yourself and keep your
strength up. Don't worry if you don't get anything the first day or even
the third. Your shot is out there, you just have to be patient."

"Thanks," Harry said, pleased Longtooth hadn't been put out by the
sudden shift in attention. He decided one good turn deserved another.
"I'd like to see your kill before I go."

This pleased Longtooth, and Remus murmured a 'well done' in his ear. The
meal wound its way down, and Harry finally managed to finish his
breakfast as people filed their way out of the mess hall. Sirius left.
Remus gave him a verbal list on what he could and what he should take,
then joined his alpha to finish their own errands before they left.
Harry wrapped a piece of sausage in a napkin and went to see Longtooth's
kill, a boar thinned out by the harsh winter but still impressive and
not a kill he was likely to beat, then headed back to the cabin. He
offered Bobby the sausage and told him what Remus had said.

"Ah, so he wants to speak with you privately?" the raven asked.

"That might be part of it, but there's probably more to it. There are a
lot easier ways of getting me alone than hauling me off into the woods
in the dead of winter for a week."

"Any ideas?"

"Not going to bother guessing. I'll be able to ask him myself soon
enough. Have you seen my keystone?"

He hadn't been able to sleep with the keystone recently, what with
sharing a bed with so many others, so it had remained low in magic since
he used it last. Perhaps he could begin recharging it now that he would
be relatively alone again. He eventually found it, along with his
Baluvian cloak, an extra set of gloves and socks, Draco's knife, and
minor odds and ends to take with him. Otherwise, he had very little that
would prove useful on his journey. The camping equipment used was shared
by everyone in the colony, and the hunting equipment would be provided
by Sirius and Remus.

Said equipment was ready and waiting when he went to the clearing just
outside the village. Sirius' roundhouse was still standing, archers
perched on its roof and smoke puffing from the chimney. A crowd of
curious onlookers had also gathered to see them off, their alpha, beta,
and... whatever Harry was, exactly, heading off on a hunt. There would
be high expectation upon their return, and Harry felt a sense of unease.
Harry found his backpack, the smallest among them but still at least
twenty pounds, and put away his few contributions. Then he put it on,
and Sirius, who seemed to be waiting for just that, tossed his own bag
over his shoulder (easily twice the size of Harry's) and started off
towards the trees, heading west. The crowd shouted their well wishes and
waved them off until they were out of sight.

For nearly an hour, they continued to walk without speaking. The trees
grew thicker and the underbrush heavier. At some point, Sirius led them
off trail to follow a small stream as it slowly wound its way northwest.
Harry looked about curiously, expecting to catch someone spying on them,
but there was no one. The uneasiness he had felt before was becoming
stronger the longer no one spoke.

When he couldn't take the waiting any longer, he said, "So... what's
this really about?"

Sirius grunted, refusing to slow his steady stride, even as he spoke.

"What do you think it's about?"

Harry sighed. So Sirius wanted him to figure it out for himself.
Voldemort played this game as well, stating thinking took practice,
particularly in politics, and there was definitely something political
about all this.

"You're not mad at me so this isn't a punishment, but you hadn't
mentioned a hunt before today so it's a last minute sort of thing. Which
means there's either an opportunity or a problem-"

"Or both," Remus chimed in, confirming Harry's reasoning even as he
evaded answering.

"Is it both?"

"I wonder. Is it, Padfoot?" the beta asked innocently, and Sirius
finally turned back to glare at him.

"A personal problem?" Harry guessed, earning him a glare of his own.
Definitely personal then.

"Jane has been seen lingering outside the village," Sirius said finally.

"Oh, you just wanted to keep us separate."

But after he said it, he knew that wasn't entirely right. His godfathers
had gone quiet and weren't looking directly at him any longer. "Why
isn't one of you back at the colony watching her?" he asked.

While Jane, and by extension, Luna hadn't been officially exiled, Sirius
had made it clear he viewed them as traitors, and they weren't welcome
or trusted anywhere near him. How much the rest of the pack agreed with
this sentiment, Harry didn't know. No one spoke to him about it directly
or even in passing. And yet, there had been that night when he had been
retrieved by Luna and no one had attempted to stand in her way or
reported them to Sirius. Did that mean there were werewolves who
secretly supported Jane and Luna? How much power did Jane still hold?
Was it a threat to Sirius?

He felt distinctly uncomfortable thinking about this. It made his own
decision not to speak of Luna's last visit seem... disloyal, perhaps
even dangerous if Jane's supporters turned out to be somehow subversive.
But if he told Sirius, what would the alpha do? Luna had expressly
broken the Head Alpha's command by coming to see Harry, secretly at
that, and if the truth were known she would be punished. Pain would be
the least of it. She could be banished, and a banished werewolf had no
safe place to go.

"She won't reveal anything if we're hovering over her shoulder
ourselves, but if she says something or does something she shouldn't we
will know about it," Sirius said.

"You have spies?"

"Don't be dramatic. We don't have spies. We have those who are more
loyal to myself than they are to her. Just as there are those who are
more loyal to her than they are to me. We're not wizards, Harry. We
fight our battles out in the open."

It was something of a shock for Harry to hear him say this, and then
another shock to realize that he had been so conditioned to expect
evasion and half-truths by his circumstances in the wizarding world he
hadn't considered the possibility of a political system, even one as
strange as the werewolves', being so open. He should have known better.
He was disappointed in himself for not understanding it sooner.

"But then why is she at the colony in the first place? Didn't you send
her to another colony?"

"I didn't send her anywhere, I simply kept her away from you or myself.
She may be the daughter of Rhiannon and that guarantees her certain
privileges, but without my support she can't really do anything. And if
she can't speak with me, everyone knows her limitations. She goes to the
other colonies, teaches her arts and practices her medicines and makes
sure no one forgets her, then after a while she'll come back here to
test the waters and see if I'm still angry with her."

"And are you still angry with her?"

"Yes."

Harry felt his stomach drop. Sirius wasn't an eloquent speaker, but he
never had to be. That single proclamation, devoid of any variation of
meaning or subtext, held a conviction that could not be reasoned with or
undermined. While there was no love lost between Harry and the goddess
that inhabited Jane, Harry had come to the point where he preferred
reconciliation. For Luna's sake, if nothing else, and for the good of
the packs, as well.

"So, we're out here to snub her."

Remus snorted loudly through his nose and then burst out laughing.

"He makes it sound like you're a teenage girl when he says it that way,
doesn't he, Paddy?" the beta laughed. Sirius growled at him, but Remus
only laughed harder.

"Don't you start again," the alpha snarled.

"I didn't say anything."

"You're *implying*-"

"That you're being petty and immature? I don't need to imply that. I'll
say that right to your face," the beta said, the humor in his voice
suddenly taking on a biting edge.

Harry knew instantly when Remus had taken his joke, if it could be
called that, too far. The distance between the two werewolves had
increased somewhat while Harry had moved in closer to Remus, but now
everyone had stopped. Ahead of them, he saw Sirius suddenly stiffen and
then throw off his gear. Remus matched his actions, though not as
smoothly or quickly, and they would have been at each other in moments
if Harry, still wearing his own gear, hadn't thrown himself between
them.

"Stop! What are you two doing?! Stop!"

Remus pulled back immediately, but Sirius had already been at a run.
Harry managed to brace himself and catch the alpha with both
outstretched arms, staying upright for a full half second before he was
bowled over. He grabbed tight to Sirius' shirt, and rather than allow
himself to be shoved to the side, pulled the larger man down with him.
His foot came out, catching Sirius in the stomach and sending him flying
over Harry's head. The alpha landed on his back, the air knocked out of
him in a stunned '*wumf'*. Harry would have been quite proud of himself
for completing a move that smoothly, if he hadn't still been wearing his
backpack and his spine wasn't currently screaming in agony.

"Prongslet!" Remus shouted, suddenly beside him and quickly undoing the
straps of his pack. Within seconds Harry was free, and he rolled over
onto his side, grunting in pain and relief. By now Sirius had regained
some of his senses and rolled over as well, climbing up onto his hands
and knees. They were both dazed and breathing heavily as their eyes met.

Sirius looked stunned.

"That was..."

"Stupid and reckless!" Remus shouted, looking like he wanted to shake
Harry to pieces.

"... quite brilliant," Sirius finished, and half laughed and half
coughed as sat back up. "Where did you learn that? I didn't teach you
that one."

Crisis averted, Harry sighed and rolled over onto his back to finish
catching his breath. "Redskin taught me last summer."

Wrestling was a common pastime with the werewolf boys, and Harry had
played at it a fair amount. He wasn't nearly as good as the other boys,
having less opportunity to practice and built more for speed and agility
than strength, but he had picked up a few pointers here and there.

"Now what was that all about?" Harry asked. "Since when do you two start
knocking heads over... I still don't know. You having some sort of spat
I should know about?"

Remus shrugged as if it weren't important, but Harry knew he was only
that casual when he was being evasive. He turned to Sirius, who was now
looking amused at Remus' expense.

"He's just sexually frustrated."

"I am not!"

"Merlin! Never mind!" Harry shouted, covering his ears. Sirius laughed.

It wasn't until several minutes later, when they were all back on their
feet and making their way along the stream again that their moment of
madness was explained. As it turned out, Remus *was* frustrated,
although he insisted it was because of Sirius, not because of...
*that.*Sirius had apparently sent Remus' girlfriend, and really that
term had limited meaning amongst werewolves, to another colony, despite
Remus' objections. There were legitimate reasons behind the transfer,
and Remus probably would have been fine with it eventually, except that
Sirius had taken an interest in one of the new German women around the
same time. Even someone as laid back as Remus could be subject to envy
apparently. Then there was the matter of Jane. Remus seemed to follow
Harry's attitude in this, preferring reconciliation, although his
reasons weren't the same.

"You can't keep treating her like a leper. It's bad for pack morale, and
it's bad for your reputation!" the beta argued.

"My reputation?" Sirius snarled. "Do you think me kowtowing to that
little bitch is going to improve my reputation?"

There had been several more minutes of fighting, luckily all of it
verbal, falling along the lines that Remus thought Sirius was being
stubborn, arrogant, and selfish and Sirius thought Remus was being a
short-sighted ninny. Harry grew bored with the bickering quickly and
decided action needed to be taken.

"If you'd just talk to her-"

"Let that viper back-"

"- not fair to make the others choose-"

"-give her power over me-"

"- make an enemy where there's isn't one-"

"-won't forget what she's done-"

"Alright, enough," Harry said sharply, drawing their attention. "Enough,
enough, *enough*! Let's just *not* talk about it. Let's not *think*
about it. Let's just have a bloody week where we're just Padfoot, Moony,
and Prongslet and no one is going to die horribly, including ourselves,
if we don't make any important decisions. You're not Head Alpha!"

He pointed at Sirius, who stared at his finger with some bemusement.

"You're not his baby-sitter!"

He pointed to Remus.

"Oi!" Sirius objected.

"And I'm not... er..."

What the hell was he precisely?

"The Dark Lord's puppet?" the alpha offered. Remus slapped him upside
the head.

"And I *don't* know Lord Voldemort."

And it was sad to realize how uncomplicated not knowing the man really
would have made his life. Sirius looked positively delighted by this.

"Deal!" Sirius said. "I won't mention who's it, and you won't mention
that bastard who shall not be named, and Remus-"

"Will forget that you only have the mental capacity of an eight-year
old," said beta offered.

"Hey!"

Overhead a raven flew, cawing loudly. The werewolves paid him no mind,
but to Harry it sounded as if it were laughing.

---

"Well that's two less suits to worry about," Robert said, pacing the
study and depositing two large folders onto the large desk as he passed
and picking up another pile. Draco, who was religiously avoiding sitting
at the desk, was sprawled in a chaise, skimming through sympathy letters
and checking them for curses. He had found three so far, considerably
less than he had anticipated. He yawned and turned his attention to his
lawyer.

"Only twenty more to go," Draco said blandly.

"*Six,*Draco, just six. Three of which I can stall indefinitely if
necessary. One that will probably be dropped within the month. It's the
Oldershaw and Crutchley suits we're going to have problems with. They
have easily traceable lineages to your father, and they have
well-documented claims."

"Except in my father's Will."

"Which doesn't void promises made while alive."

"I'll pay them the damn money, but they're not touching my property."

"It's not that simple and you know it. Anyone can get money, but real
estate is where the real wealth lies these days. Since the Dark Lord
ordered our complete isolation from muggles, we've had a severe
restriction on where we can live. Over half the land available is owned
by the Court, and the rest is already owned by other pureblood families
or businesses. This land you live on is worth ten times what it did
twenty years ago."

"Spare me the lecture on my own property's worth, please. I assure
you've I've heard about it plenty of times already. I still don't
understand how they can attempt to seize the Malfoy Estate. Father never
would have promised them that."

"No, but he did promise them the castle in Ogdensea. He promised
*both*of them."

"Ugh, Ogdensea. I saw it once. Only Azkaban is more depressing."

"Their thoughts exactly it would seem. Which is why they're trying to
seize some of the land around here or one of your better town
properties, since they can't *both* have Ogdensea. In fact, neither of
them can have it, since your father didn't actually own it."

"Great Aunt Gwenda is in for it any day now."

"Wishful thinking," Robert said dryly. "And in any case, his contracts
with them were made in bad faith. It's not a matter of *if* they are
owed anything now, it's just a matter of *what* they're owed."

"Damn it!" Draco snarled, jumping to his feet and stalking the room like
an agitated tiger. "If my father were alive they wouldn't have dared!
They'd take what he had given them and been grateful for it! Damn him!
Damn them! Damn it all to hell!"

Robert flinched back helplessly. Draco was not a large man, nor legally
even a man yet, terribly pale, with shadowed eyes, and a touch on the
side of too skinny, but when he was in one of these moods he was a
demon. His elegant hands curled into iron-stiff fists and the energy
coiled in his slender frame held an animal danger. It was times like
these that Robert suspected Veela or something other than just
pureblooded wizard flowing through the boy's veins. He could only stand
still and listen, hoping that he didn't turn that thinly-veiled savagery
on him.

"We have to make them suffer, Robert. We have to make them and everyone
else think twice about trying to force my- the Malfoys' hand again. They
all have to be shown that even with my father gone, we're not a bunch of
pushovers!"

Robert stiffened. What precisely did Draco mean by 'suffering'? It had
better not be of the kind that Death Eaters like his father had been
notorious for. He had served as Lucius' lawyer only for a few months,
but those few months had convinced him that he never wanted to work for
such a man again. Draco had the potential to be more than his father, at
least in character, but the strain of these constant battles was taking
their toll. He was starting to slide into the tried and true methods
taught to him by his predecessor. Methods that had led to many of the
problems they were facing now.

Draco needed alternatives. Draco needed the support of family and
friends. Draco needed to eat regularly and sleep more. Draco wasn't
getting any of those things, and Robert hated that he cared so much. He
had never grown this attached to a client before.

"Okay," Robert said, moving back to the desk and pulling out one of the
files he had discarded. "I have an idea. You own an apartment complex in
London called Chesterhill Terrace. It's valuable. More valuable than
Ogdensea in any event, and the property is set up in a way you could
split it between the Crutchleys and Overshaws to cover both suits."

Draco had slowed his pacing as the elder wizard talked, until he
eventually stopped to stand in front of him. His arms were crossed, and
he was glaring.

"I don't see how giving in to their demands makes them suffer, Robert."

"And if we're very lucky neither of them will see it either until it's
too late. Here, let me show you something else."

He handed Draco a file.

"This is the Camish Uwen Brewing Company. They're the second largest
brewing company in Britain, and well on their way to be the largest. The
war made them quite a bit of money selling medical potions to the
Culties, and they bought some additional property to open another
factory. That property is right next to Chesterhill Terrace."

Draco skimmed through the file more closely, his irritated expression
gradually fading into one of wicked delight.

"Oh, my," he chuckled. "It seems the only thing keeping Camish Uwen from
gutting that property and turning it into a factory was an injunction by
my father. He claimed the noise and smell would ruin Chesterhill
Terrace's property value."

"They dropped their suit when I made it clear we weren't going to lift
the injunction, but perhaps we were a little hasty. There's no reason
you can't make a friend or two in the business world by compromising
here and there."

Draco laughed. It wasn't a pleasant laugh, but it was better than his
cursing the world, Robert thought.

"Do it!" Draco said.

"It's not a guarantee. One or both of them might catch on-"

"That we fought the injunction, won, and then changed our minds again?
They won't think that. It's barely been a month since my father died.
They'll think I- they'll think my mother is caving in to the pressure
and trying to get everything over and done with. They won't see this
coming. Not from her. Not from me."

And he was right about that, of course. To the world Narcissa was a
grieving widow who had shut herself off from the world, and Draco was
merely a child, an untried schoolboy with no real world accomplishment
to his name. But Draco had grown in the company of great men and women.
His father, terrible but intelligent and accomplished, his mother, a
great patron of wizarding culture and societal figurehead, his godfather
a renowned potions master and headmaster of the finest wizarding school
in the world, and Harry Potter, a boy whose life defied categorization
or explanation. Draco had to have learned from all these people things
Robert would probably never fully understand and didn't truly want to.
One day the world would learn to fear and respect Draco, but for now
they would take advantage of it underestimating him.

"I'll make arrangements," he said taking back the folder and gathering
some additional papers from around the room. "In the meantime, you
should take a break. Eat something. Sleep all day. You've earned it."

Draco turned away and shrugged it off.

"I've letters to write."

"Draco, you need to rest," he insisted.

"I'll rest when I'm dead."

Which would be sooner rather than later at this rate Robert was about to
say but was interrupted by the door opening. They both turned to see
Narcissa standing in the doorway. She was dressed elegantly in a green
silk and her hair made up in an elegant weave, but the veneer of her
beauty had grown thin. She was looking very much like her son. Thin,
shadowed, and too pale.

"I thought I heard your father in here," she said, glancing around the
room expectantly. Robert shared a look with Draco, whose expression was
suddenly unreadable.

"He had to get back to the office," Draco said evenly. "He wanted me to
go over some of the projects he was working on with Mr. Reicher. He
thinks it's time for me to learn a little more of the family business."

Narcissa smiled at this, walking over to him and taking his face into
her hands.

"It's well past time for that. You're such a clever boy, Draco. You're
every inch your father's son," she said and kissed his forehead,
oblivious to the look of anguish before her very eyes. She drew back.
"And where is Hermione? I haven't seen her all day."

"Bookstore," Draco said, his voice growing thin. Narcissa sighed in
exasperation.

"That girl, honestly. She should be spending all this free time getting
to know her fiancé better."

"Mm. He's been just as busy as father I'm sure. Besides, she's likes him
already. He said he'd give her her own study."

Narcissa smiled.

"Well, he certainly knows the way to our dear Hermione's heart. When she
gets back, send her to my room, won't you? There are few things I want
to talk to her about."

"What sort of things?"

"*Girl* things," she teased.

Draco laughed, a brittle sound that was worse even than the maniacal
one. She left after that, slipping past Robert as if she didn't even
know he was there. Perhaps she didn't. These days there was no telling
who she realized was and wasn't there. Draco watched her leave, grief
and frustration following her until she disappeared, and he turned away
in disgust.

"She's gotten worse," Robert remarked. "She needs a mind healer."

Draco sneered at him.

"Obviously, but you know damn well why I can't get one for her."

Of course he knew. He had been the one to warn Draco about the dangers
in the first place. If Narcissa was declared legally incompetent, Draco
and the Malfoy estate could very easily fall into the hands of the very
relatives they were currently in dispute with. Draco wouldn't be a legal
adult for several months, and his relatives could obliterate his
inheritance in the meantime. Draco might have risked it even then if he
had the full support of his godfather, Snape, and some positive regard
from the Dark Lord. But Snape had been seriously injured recently and
between rebuilding Hogwarts and tending to his new wife his hands were
full, and Lord Voldemort seemed to have forgotten the Malfoy's existence
since Lucius' funeral. To make matters worse, if it became known that
Narcissa had gone mad, she would be disgraced. Even if she recovered
fully, which could itself take years, she would always live under that
stigma, and Draco couldn't bring himself to do that to her.

"We just need to hold off until my birthday. Then I'll take legal
control over the Estate, and I can hire someone to treat her privately.
Maybe have her sent to France. They have the best mind healers, and
they're discreet."

"That's a long time to keep a secret like this. She could get worse.
Someone might grow suspicious."

"I know," Draco said and nothing more.

After all, what else could he say that hadn't been said before? The
secret would be kept because it *had* to be kept. The alternative was
unthinkable.

---

Harry's proclamation that they were to be completely normal and
unburdened people, while entirely ridiculous, proved to be just the
thing they all needed. Sirius hadn't had vacation from his
responsibilities since he became Head Alpha, which in turn meant neither
had Remus. So this was the first real break they'd had in years, and
while it took a few days for Sirius relax completely, one he did the
change was remarkable. He laughed more, he teased and joked, and ran
around in his animagus form to chase squirrels. It was like stepping
back in time to the old Sirius, the one Harry had met that fateful
summer five years before. With Sirius unwinding, something in Remus
relaxed as well. He had always been Padfoot's friend and had therefore
always worried after him, but these last few years had been exhausting.
Harry could see it was good for Moony to become reacquainted with his
old friend again and remind him that who they had been was still there,
and they still trusted each other enough to show that part of
themselves.

Harry just basked in the glow of it, enjoying the familial intimacy he
had been so starved of since his parents' death. Even Bobby was there,
not interfering with Harry's time with his godfathers but hovering about
as any familiar would.

Sirius and Remus led him to a small rock outcropping in the woods, where
they set up camp on a wide stone platform nestled up against a small
cliff that sheltered them from wind. Their tent, because there was only
one, was small and dark, and made only for sleeping and taking shelter
from the elements, and they spent very little time there. Early mornings
and dusk were reserved for hunting deer and afternoons for boar. Here
they cheated somewhat, as Padfoot enjoyed hunting in dog form best of
all and with his superior sense of smell he sniffed out their prey, and
then flushed them from hiding. For the first three days Harry hit
nothing but small game, rabbits and a grouse, and missed hitting a deer
twice, much to his disappointment. On the fourth day, a cold and drizzly
morning, he finally got one. Sirius had chased the young buck right to
him, and Harry had it squarely in chest. It had stumbled, but then got
up and kept going in another direction, and Harry had to chase after it
in the half dark of the woods, Sirius barking and rushing ahead to cut
it off. His second shot caught the deer in the flank, and it fell. Once
on the ground, Padfoot seized its vulnerable neck in his jaws and held
it down until Harry reached it, killing it quickly with his hunting
knife. It was a bloody, clumsy hunt, but he felt strangely happy when it
was done.

Not so happy when Sirius made him carry the carcass back to their camp
by himself.

Or when he had shown him how to clean it.

Their hunt was completed, but none of them felt particularly eager to
cut their trip short. Instead, Remus cast a preservation spell on the
carcass, and they spent another three days on Animagus lessons for
Harry. It was harder than Harry had realized.

"Does it hurt?" Remus asked Harry, who was flexing out his good arm now
bent strangely and covered with gray and black-speckled feathers. They
had found an open clearing near a small, shallow lake ideal for
practicing. It was early morning, and the lake was still misty in the
cold winter air. It smelled of snow but the wind was still, and they
wanted to get some practice in that morning while the weather held.

"It aches a little," Harry admitted, flexing the wing this way and that.

"Then something isn't right. It should feel tight, but not painful.
Change it back."

Harry let out a sigh and the arm returned to its normal human shape.

"I don't get it. I have done this before, and it wasn't nearly this
difficult."

"From what you told me, you didn't do it so much as had it done to you.
I imagine that was very unpleasant."

Harry grimaced, remembering the experience. It had been painful and
exhausting, but once he was rested it had felt surprisingly natural and
easy. Now, however, he was struggling to recapture the experience, to
follow that particular flow of magic that was now forever etched into
the core of his being.

Behind them, Sirius was squatting on an overturned log, shirtless
despite it being well below freezing and seemingly oblivious to this
fact. He chuckled at them.

"The answer's obvious."

They both turned to him with cautious stares.

"You're wearing too many clothes," he said laughingly.

"What?" Harry blurted and turned to Remus who was now looking at him
speculatively.

"He's right. I forgot about that. Novice animagi typically aren't able
to handle fully transforming both their bodies *and* their clothes
comfortably."

Sirius burst out laughing at the look on Harry's face.

"Th-that's the look! Oh Merlin, that's the look your father had when I
suggested it the first time."

"I'm not embarrassed!" Harry objected, because he wasn't. Mostly. He had
become relatively comfortable being nude amongst werewolves given how
little modestly they held as a whole. "It's just... cold!"

This only made Sirius laugh harder. Harry did end up stripping down
eventually after Sirius built a fire for him, and this time he was able
to transfigure his arm without pain. After several more attempts he was
able to transform fully and found himself suddenly very short but
considerably warmer.

"Well, look at you," Sirius said, grinning down at him proudly. He
slipped on his leather arm guard and came to Harry, offering it as a
perch which the falcon accepted. Sirius stroked the soft, speckled
feathers of his breast with his free hand. "You're quite a handsome
specimen. Your father would have been very proud."

Harry, without even thinking about it, puffed out his chest and
inadvertently fluffed his chest feathers as well, looking considerably
less dignified.

"Don't give him a big head," Remus scolded, although he too looked
rather impressed. "Try to hold that form for ten minutes and then turn
back It is easy for novices to get stuck in their animal forms."

He gave Sirius a pointed look.

"That was *one* time, Moony."

"It was *four* times, Padfoot. Four."

"The other three don't count. I was drunk."

"I still don't know how you managed that. I mean, who the hell serves
alcohol to a dog?"

"People who really like dogs but don't like drinking alone."

The falcon suddenly fell off his arm and landed as a heap of naked Harry
in the dirt, laughing uncontrollably.

"Oi! Don't make me- don't make me laugh when I'm concentrating!"

There was no more practicing that day. The wind quickly picked up, and
it was both too cold and too dangerous to continue. They returned to
camp just as the first snowflakes began to fall. They managed to cook up
some of the grouse Harry had caught earlier and then spent most the day
cooped up in the tent as a snow storm blew its way through the forest.

By morning, the storm was over and the forest was blanketed in half a
foot of glittering snow. It was all very pretty, until Remus and Sirius
insisted Harry needed more practice back at the lake. Then it was just
wet and cold. But it did give Harry plenty of incentive to transform
into his falcon form as quickly as possible. Which he did. Repeatedly.

"Alright, I think he's got it now, Moony," Sirius said, sounding as
bored of the back and forth transformations as Harry felt. "We should
let him enjoy it for a while."

Remus sighed.

"Alright, I suppose you've earned it. Why don't you practice flying for
a bit? No more than ten minutes and not too high or far, alright?"

Harry was in the air in an instant, his large powerful wings beating
furiously to give him lift and speed. Like flying on a broom, Harry
found he had a natural talent for flying as a bird. He had flown as a
falcon before with Bobby during their escape from Hausteheim, and he
remembered his lessons from that day well. The air was calm again that
morning, which meant he had to fly harder to gain lift but maneuvering
in the air was made simpler, and he managed several spins and turns and
loops around his admiring godfathers. At some point, Bobby joined in on
the fun and together they played an impromptu game of aerial tag. Harry
was faster by benefit of species, but at their limited height and
distance his advantage was a small one, and the game proved challenging
and exciting as he raced after the raven around the now half-frozen
lake.

He was enjoying himself so much he hadn't thought twice when he had
followed Bobby out over the lake. In fact, he didn't concern himself
with much of anything until his left arm suddenly spasmed, agony
shooting up through the limb and into his chest. The wing buckled, and
he started to fall.

"Harry!" someone screamed, but it was too late. He couldn't unfold his
wing. His magic was unweaving itself, and he felt himself panic. He
struck something, but it wasn't ice or water, and he was too stunned to
move for a moment as he felt himself suddenly lifted and carried,
clumsily and with great effort. His first instinct was to seize the
thing beneath him, to dig his talons into it and hold on for dear life,
but he realized just in time the thing beneath him was white and
feathered and alive.

Elsbeth!

She carried him over the icy water, her wings beating furiously to keep
them both up and upright. She barely managed to reach land before Harry
finally lost his place on her back and rolled off into the snow. His
tenuous hold on his magic snapped, and his body returned to its natural
form. With it a fresh new wave of agony ran up his arm. It was
excruciating, but he knew it for what it was. He had felt it before, at
the Battle of Hogwarts when the Dark Lord's venomous blood had mixed
with his own. Worse than the pain was the fear, the blinding terror of
feeling the poison spread, slowly making its way towards his heart.

"Harry, Harry! What's wrong?!" Remus was shouting, pulling off his cloak
and wrapping him in it.

"My arm! It's the blood. Goddess, it's the blood. It's killing me," he
cried.

"How? The healers said it was harmless now, didn't they?"

Yes, the healers had said that. Sort of. No, not really. The healers
hadn't had a clue on what to do about it, and said it would merely need
to be watched. The pain, still there but fading every day, had been
manageable. Why was this happening now?

"Damn fucking bunch of quacks," Sirius snarled, and then lifted the
bundled Harry into his arms as if he were merely a small child. "It's
alright, Harry, I know what to do."

"Where are you going?" Remus asked, sounding as terrified as Harry felt.

"Jane. I'm taking him to Jane."

Through the haze of agony and panic, there was suddenly a feeling of
distorted gravity and the telltale sensation of apparation.

---

McGonagall sat in the Snape cottage living room that doubled as the
library, sipping tea and quietly marveling at the place. She had visited
the cottage before, once or twice, but every time she came she felt
slightly disoriented when attempting to attach ownership of the pretty
little house with its abundant windows, cheery white painted furniture,
and hand-woven rugs with the dark and hawkish man currently seated near
the fire. Snape's quarters in the dungeons at Hogwarts seemed much more
in character with the man, but perhaps that was the prejudice of first
impressions. He didn't look the least bit uncomfortable in the cottage,
and the masculine touch of his book collection and old Herbology prints
hanging on the wall lent something of his personality to the place.

"Would you like some more tea, dear?" Ira asked as she wandered into the
living room from the kitchen. She touched his shoulder lightly,
affectionately, and McGonagall couldn't help but be transfixed.

"We're both quite well stocked," he said, patting her hand lightly in
return. "Why don't you stay? I'm sure this conversation will interest
you."

McGonagall took a sip of her tea to hide her smile. The two really were
quite smitten with each other. Snape seemed to sense her amusement,
however, and leveled an annoyed look at her.

"Down to business then," she said. "As I am sure you've probably already
guessed, the school board is completely out of its depth with this
current situation."

"I am not surprised. It's a catastrophe. Normally Lord Voldemort would
give this his personal attention and seize control over the situation,
but he's busy in France at the moment. Then Narcissa Malfoy, the only
real leadership on the board, resigned."

"You're right, of course. The board seems more interested in who is in
charge than actually addressing any of our problems. I've been to three
board meetings already and nothing's been done, but then I can't really
criticize. I'm at a loss myself."

Snape nodded thoughtfully, tapping the edge of his cane. The cane was a
new addition, along with the metal brace on his left leg. McGonagall had
politely refrained from acknowledging it, but secretly it worried her.
Hogwarts was not a place for those not quick on their feet. Even the
oldest of teachers still had to be light of foot to manage the castle's
many stairways.

Ira spoke with her usual genteel optimism.

"There's still some time. Surely, it's still too soon to bring the
students back into the school routine just yet. This was a terrible
shock and many of them lost friends as well as teachers."

McGonagall shook her head.

"Children need routine to heal. It reassures them that life as they knew
it isn't over. While a few more days for mourning aren't unreasonable,
they should still resume classes as soon as possible. Particularly the
seventh year students who will have to take their N.E.W.T.s in order to
move on to university next year. No, I'm afraid we can't be laid back
about this."

"Surely someone has offered up some ideas? Even bad ones," Snape asked.

"Yes, but nothing practical in the long run. I've received several
offers from parents to tutor their children, as have the other
professors, but tutoring on an individual basis isn't fair to the other
students and is against our teaching contract. Prunella Ticklebank
thought we should set up a temporary school, but I can't imagine where
we would find some place to both house so many students and staff and
still have room to teach classes, or how we would afford it even if such
a place existed."

Snape considered, but it was Ira who came up with an idea first.

"Is it really necessary that we provide room and board under the
circumstances?" Ira said. "The important part here is that education
continues. The children could come to school during the weekdays, then
go home to their families in the evenings and weekends."

"I don't think daily commuting would be fair or practical for most of
the students," McGonagall said. Snape, however, saw possibilities.

"Not if we expected everyone to go to the same place, but perhaps if we
set up several small schools around the country and rotated our staff to
the classroom on a set schedule... yes, that might work. We can probably
convince local businesses and some of the larger estates to spare some
warehouses or guest houses for lessons. Particularly if we can get Lord
Voldemort to throw in a tax break of some kind."

"Do you think he'll do that?"

Taxes were one of the banes of every British witch and wizard. Voldemort
taxed like a tyrant, rich and poor alike, with few offers of leniency
except for the truly destitute and those who served the government in
some capacity. Would providing real estate for educational purposes fall
under assisting the country? McGonagall thought so, but the Dark Lord
might have higher standards.

"Perhaps. He may demand certain standards for these 'classrooms', but
that's probably for the best. It wouldn't be proper for students to be
educated in an old tool shed for instance."

"That's certainly the best idea I've heard all week," she said, relaxing
a little. There would still be the problem of finding appropriate
classrooms quickly, then contacting parents, students, and teachers
about the new routine. Lessons would have to be adjusted for lack of
certain supplies and no school library, and then there was the matter of
finding replacement professors for Arithmancy and Potions. Still, it was
a start. "I'll present it to the board in tomorrow's meeting... unless
you feel up to going yourself? You're still the Headmaster and something
of a war hero. They'll be more apt to listen to you than some underling
going behind your back."

Snape gave her sardonic smile.

"Flattery will get you nowhere, Minerva, and unfortunately it won't get
me anywhere either."

He taped the brace on his leg lightly with his cane. It was the first
overt acknowledgment of his injury he had made since she arrived.

"Is it very serious?" she finally had the nerve to ask.

"It's very painful, but I wouldn't say very serious. I should recover
full mobility... eventually. I'll write some letters to the board
directly endorsing the idea. No one is going to accuse you of
subversion."

"My goodness, who is *on* this school board? Grindelwald?" Ira asked,
sounding utterly exasperated. The conversation turned to other subjects
after that. McGonagall asked after Harry and Draco, and if there had
been any more word on Hermione. Snape asked about the other teachers and
how they were faring personally and financially after their impromptu
departure from the castle, while Ira prompted conversations about the
country in general, the negotiations with Germany, and the rebuilding in
London. This in turn circled the conversation back to Snape and Ira, and
whether they intended to go to France to attend the negotiations
themselves. Snape seemed to think it unlikely he would be able to attend
due to his leg, but since Harry would receive an invitation it was
difficult to say if he'd be expected to go as well, and how he could
politely decline the offer. When the conversation, surprisingly
pleasant, began to wind down, McGonagall excused herself in order for
Snape to complete his letters to the school board. Snape didn't get up
from his chair, but Ira escorted her to the door and sent her off with
an affectionate hug and thank you for the extra company.

When Ira returned to the study, however, she fixed Snape with a rather
perplexed expression. He smiled up at her innocently, which he only ever
did when he was being facetious.

"Why did you make her think your leg was still bothering you?" she
asked.

"Clearly you've never been to a school board meeting, or you wouldn't be
asking me that."

"Why you little scoundrel."

He just smiled at her until she laughed. She gathered up McGonagall's
teacup and headed back to the kitchen, and Snape shoved himself out of
his chair. His injured leg was stiff, but his limp relatively minor, and
he carried his cane to the kitchen rather than use it to support his
weight. He wasn't fully recovered yet, but the magical brace allowed him
to move freely, and the cane only proved necessary when climbing stairs
or steep inclines. Besides, he found the cane quite fashionable. He
thought Lucius would have approved.

In the kitchen, he sat down to write the letters he'd promised
McGonagall, while Ira went about making dinner.

"So why did you really lie about your leg?" she asked in between
charming eggs to break into a bowl and divide themselves into yolk and
white.

"Hm? Just some things I wish to sort out first. Draco hasn't returned
any of my letters."

"That poor boy, losing his father like he did, and then being there for
the attack on the school-"

"I am quite fortunate for him having been there, but obviously it hasn't
left him wishing to be more sociable. He had quite a shouting match with
Potter at the hospital when I saw him last."

At this, she could only sigh sadly. She felt terribly sorry for both
boys and hoped they would be able to make up.

"Then there's the matter of the baby," he said, causing her to stop
mid-way through a boiling charm to look at him. "We'll want to schedule
another consultation with Healer Jacobi, and then perhaps another
specialist in pre-natal care. Then we'll talk to that real estate agent
from last year and see if any of those properties in Hogsmeade are still
available."

"Isn't it a bit early for house hunting? The cottage should be just fine
for a few years."

Snape shrugged.

"Hogsmeade property values are still low right now with all the mess
still left from last year's attack. Who knows how high they'll be again
by the time the school reopens?"

"I knew I married you for a reason," she chuckled.

"And here I thought it was for my good looks," he muttered offhandedly
as he continued to write. Even as he sat there joking with his wife and
writing his letter, he felt his thoughts wandering to darker places. He
had only partly spoken the truth about why he had lied to McGonagall. He
did need time to sort out some things, and some of those things would be
the ones he mentioned. But more important than all of them was the
matter with the Dark Lord. Now that he had been discharged from the
hospital and had some free time on his hands to 'recover', it was time
to address the matter that had been left unresolved since the
confrontation in his office by Amelon and Voldemort. Harry had told him
of the reprieve he gained for him, and Snape was genuinely, if
reluctantly, grateful for it. While he had not seen either the
Inquisitor or the Dark Lord since, he wasn't fooled into believing that
things were settled despite what Harry had done for him. Voldemort was
still holding a grudge towards him, and he would never rest easy while
that loomed over his head.

Ira finished dinner, and he took a break from his letter writing to
enjoy a meal together, discussing the reopening of the Wizarding College
of London and the Scholastic Summer Conference that would be held for
the first time since the start of the war. They talked about adding a
solarium to the house they would buy so she could raise specimens for
her own research, and he could grow his potion's ingredients year-round.
When their domestic conversation was done, she tidied up with a couple
of spells and retired to their rooms.

Snape watched her go, his minding whirling with thoughts of the future,
aspirations and dangers both. Then he pulled out one last sheaf of paper
for one last letter.

*My Lord Voldemort...*

---

It was snowing heavily as Sirius and Harry apparated into the Goddess
Colony, the world muted and hushed. Sirius could hear his godson's every
pained breath and raving heartbeat booming in his ears and nothing else.
But they were not alone. Even in the infancy of a blizzard there were
still pack members wandering outside, completing chores or stretching
their legs. A woman dropped a bundle as they appeared out of thin air,
and the alpha turned to snap at her.

"Bring Jane to my cabin. *Now!*" he snarled, and she dashed away towards
the dining hall as if he were chasing after her.

He took Harry to their cabin and placed him on the bed, covering his
naked, shivering form in blankets. Harry's blackened arm had stiffened,
and his fingers had curled into twitching claws. The boy himself said
nothing. What else needed to be said after his last terrified cry? He
merely stared up at the ceiling and tried to control his breathing,
refusing to look his godfather in the eye, to see the fear there or show
him his own.

There were no medical supplies in the cabin, but Sirius found a strip of
leather and used it as a tourniquet to tie off Harry's arm. If the
poison was indeed spreading, then it would hopefully slow it down. There
was nothing else he could do for Harry himself. Frustrated and scared,
he stalked the room, rekindling the fire and lighting the remaining two
lamps and waited.

He didn't have to wait long, although it was not Jane who burst through
the door first.

"Harry!" Luna gasped and leaped for the bed, landing at Harry's feet and
crawling forward to hover over him. Terrified green eyes met wild
silver.

Sirius snarled at her, and she snarled back with equal savagery. He
nearly backhanded her off the bed for her impertinence, but his godson
was suddenly clutching at her with his blackened hand.

"Luna," he whispered, "It hurts. Why does it hurt?"

She turned to him, lifting his arm and kissing it gently, hushing him
like a frightened child.

"It will be okay. Shhh... hush now. Be calm. Hush..."

Jane appeared in the doorway, a crowd of curious werewolves at her back,
but she shut the door on them as she entered. Her gaze found Sirius, and
for a moment they were locked in a silent battle of wills, anger and
resentment flickering between them, followed by despair and fear, and
finally hope. She turned her attention towards Harry and climbed onto
the bed, her child's body moving Luna aside with incongruous physical
authority. The boy's hand still clutched at her, and Jane did not make
him let go as she examined the arm. She sniffed at the darkened
appendage and followed the scent all the way down to Harry's chest and
head, finding the traces of poison in his breath. She pulled the
blankets down to his stomach and hovered her hands over his trembling
form, then pressed gently at his neck to feel his pulse, then at the
discolored skin to test its tenderness.

The entire examination only lasted a few minutes but to everyone else in
the room it seemed to last for an eternity. Finally, Jane straightened
and turned to Luna.

"Get the black knives, a large bowl, and the bezoars. And bring
Celestia. Hurry, he hasn't much time."

"I'll be back soon," Luna said, more to Harry than anyone else as she
pried his hand from her arm. She disappeared through the door a moment
later.

"What is happening?" Harry asked weakly. "Why is it hurting now? It was
getting better."

"No, it was never getting better. You were merely getting better at
ignoring it," Jane said evenly.

"But why is-"

"You've been practicing magic," she said. It wasn't a question. Harry
said nothing.

"The poison, the *blood*, was content to remain dormant in your arm. Its
inherent magic stabilized it there. In time, it would have incorporated
itself into the muscles and bones and gradually spread to the rest of
your body. It may have taken years, but eventually you would have been
much like the God Eater. Strange, immortal, poisonous."

A low growl emanated from deep within Sirius.

"But the metamorphosis was dependent on your own magic remaining
dormant. When you activated it you set off a chain reaction, forcing the
two disparate magics to fight for your one body. It will kill you in the
end."

"It will not," Sirius said darkly and in those three words was a promise
of what would happen if it did.

"Are you going to cut off my arm?" Harry said with deceptive calmness,
staring up at the ceiling once again.

"It may come to that. It is not my first or only option," she replied,
nothing deceptive in her calmness at all. And nothing comforting in it
either.

---

Voldemort surveyed the French Office of Parliament thoughtfully while
aides and advisers hovered at his shoulder, awaiting his approval or
instruction. The French Wizarding Parliament met there in the Bourges
Palace every fall to discuss the affairs of state, but the Queen had
graciously lent it out to the Dark Lord for the negotiations with
Germany. The conference room was laid out much like a very large
amphitheater style lecture hall; rows upon rows of adjoined desks
elevated towards the back and sloping gradually downwards towards a
small stage at the bottom with a lectern at the center, and tables and
chairs set at the periphery. However, only the layout was in any way
academic. The rest of the chamber was entirely artful and rife with
symbolism.

The chamber was a curious combination of cathedral-like solemnity and
palatial opulence. The southern-facing windows were tall and narrow,
bordered in a mosaics of stained glass that changed color depending on
the light streaming through it and overlooking the palace gardens. The
ceiling was high and domed, a fresco of angels flying amidst fluffy
white clouds with spears in their hands and no god to be seen. The desks
were all a beautiful mahogany, and all different in design and
intricacy, the heraldic symbols of those serving office painted across
the front, all of them attempting to boast some sort of superiority in
design as if it represented some sort of superiority in the witch or
wizard who sat there. Voldemort rather liked the effect and considered
incorporating it into the Wizengamot. The walkways and staircases were
marked with deep crimson carpeting, but the rest of the room was a
complicated pattern of the fleur-de-lis in varying shades of gold. A
statue of Juno[^140-1] in white marble and gold stood at the front of the
chamber, her seven-arched crown brushing the ceiling as she stared down
at the assembly, and her robes flowing down onto the stage, giving it
the illusion of protection to whomever stood upon it.

In only a few days, hundreds of German and British witches and wizards
would be gathered there, ironing out the details of Germany's surrender
to the Dark Lord. The Treaty of Hasselt which had been signed in Belgium
the week before had ended the fighting, but it was an incomplete
document meant only to prevent further bloodshed as the German community
mourned their dead while Britain prepared its list of demands. Voldemort
considered the number of representatives to call in from either side of
the conflict. Should he allow more British than Germans to emphasize
their superior power or more Germans than British to demonstrate how
truly impotent they were despite their greater number? There would be
representatives of France and Poland present, ensuring their own
conditions were met during the negotiations. The press, British and
foreign, were all demanding representatives be present for the historic
occasion, but Voldemort was reluctant allow them admittance, as they
tended to turn everything into a circus. Then there would be the
honorary guests, General Lestrange, Intelligence Commander Morgan, and
various other military officials. He had sent an invitation to Blackbone
to sit in on the proceedings as well, but hadn't heard back from him.
That was too bad, as it would have livened things up considerably if the
werewolf lost his temper and bashed in one of the German's heads with
his fist in a fit of pique.

He had a special place in mind just for Harry.

"We will need to replace all the desks, unfortunately," Voldemort said
finally. "They take up too much room and the heraldic symbols may create
confusion. Replace them with narrower tables and chairs. We will need to
fit in nearly four hundred people and this room won't accommodate half
that number right now. Replace the lectern with the judge's bench.
Negotiations could take days, and I have no intention of standing
through all of it."

"Yes, my Lord," one of his aides said, scribbling down his orders.

"And get some curtains for the windows. It's too damn cheery in here."

"My Lord."

Voldemort turned to see Morgan had entered the room and was already
scanning it for potential security risks. He waved off the aides and
advisers and summoned his minion closer. He could already tell by
Morgan's expression that it wasn't going to be all good news.

"Tell me, my friend," Voldemort said without preamble.

"They are outraged."

The Dark Lord snorted. The losers were always outraged.

"Let me guess. It's the money?"

"Yes. You're going to financially cripple most of them with your
demands. Not even the war with Grindelwald threatened to take away their
ancestral holdings. They're panicking."

"And do they have the resources and fortitude to start the war anew?" he
asked.

"There may be an assassination attempt or two, but none have the
necessary support to start the war again by themselves. It is the
muggleborns and half-bloods who are the most threat."

"They usually are. Are they sore about the massacre of their inept army?
They have only themselves to blame for that."

"There are a number of angry relatives, yes, but that's not the
dangerous issue."

Voldemort sighed. Why did peace have to be so tedious? Had it been this
tedious after he won Britain and Ireland?

"Tell me then."

"The MCSA[^140-2] and WYRA Initiative."

"Merlin, that won't go into effect for at least a year. What are they
whining about?"

"The same thing the British muggle-borns and half-bloods were whining
about when you did it to them."

Voldemort felt a wave of annoyance.

"I will never understand this loyalty to the biologically inferior.
Britain has made a very successful transition into a segregated society
and has grown stronger because of it."

"It is not a matter of superiority. It is a matter of family."

"Family isn't an inherent right, Morgan. It is not something everyone is
entitled to at the expense of society as a whole."

Voldemort would know. His mother was a blood traitor, stupid and weak,
whose unnatural affections for a base muggle had resulted in her
miserable death and his miserable childhood. He had come into his
understanding of magic late because of magical society's disinterest in
their unclaimed magical children and struggled terribly through his
younger years to make up for the disadvantages this had created in him.
Had it not been for his own natural brilliance in magic and the
mentoring of Carrigan, an extraordinary wizard himself, he may never
have bridged the gap.

He saw the same story playing out for Harry, a child completely ignorant
of his magical birthright until even later in life than Tom Riddle and
left in the oftentimes cruel and negligent care of muggles. Harry had
also struggled at first with little to distinguish him amongst his more
experienced peers and no prospects to look forward to, but once he had
found himself a place at Voldemort's side and under the watch of a
worthy guardian, he had flourished in the most remarkable ways.

How often had this story played itself out to less happy ends? How many
muggle-borns and half-bloods never found their place in magical society
and abandoned it for the banal security of the muggle world? How many
magical gifts remained stunted or lost because of the condemnation of
ignorant muggle guardians? How many Purebloods had shirked their
responsibility to safeguard the traditions of their race and instead
held themselves proud and aloof in their own ignorant decadence?

Too often and too much.

With the complete segregation from the muggle world, Voldemort had seen
the magical world flourish. Their world was a relatively small one, and
now that wizarding kind in Britain was solely focused on it, many of the
problems that had plagued it were finally being resolved to
satisfaction.

"Regardless, they haven't any choice in the matter. They lost the war,
and I won't have them slipping off into the muggle world to get out of
the consequences of it."

"It will be difficult to keep them obedient to the edicts. We haven't
the manpower to keep watch over every witch and wizard, and they'll
figure that out quickly enough."

"Then we will have the Purebloods do it for us."

Morgan blinked at him.

"Sir?"

"All those panicky Purebloods, my friend, so desperate to cling to their
wealth and their power. Why not have that work for us rather than
against us? They can be my German Deatheaters, my eyes and my wand. The
more they can keep their people in line the more they can keep of their
own. Perhaps we will need to reorganize Germany under a fief system with
one Lord or Lady overseeing the governing of a region or city. Hhhmmm...
yes, I think that might work. It'll keep the country from uniting
against us again when their young generation is old enough to fight."

The more he thought of it, the more he liked the idea. It would be far
simpler to govern twenty or thirty lords rather than several thousand
individual witches and wizards and with his personal attention he was
certain he could win over a majority of those Purebloods to his way of
thinking. After all, many of those Purebloods were from families who had
supported Grindelwald and his way of thinking. It wouldn't take much to
show them he was the Dark Lord that would fulfill those promises that
Grindelwald had failed to. And if anyone objected? Well, there were
always others ambitious for a title, happy to sell their talents and
their souls to get it.

"The Germans won't be the only ones objecting to the MCSA and WYRA,"
Morgan said, interrupting his train of thought. Voldemort just looked at
him expectantly. "The French will object."

The Dark Lord frowned. Of course the French would object. The French
wizarding society was so integrated with muggles you wouldn't be able to
tell the difference between them if the witch or wizard wasn't holding a
wand in their hand. There were almost no wizarding towns or even
neighborhoods in urban France, only islands of shops and houses and
government offices floating in a sea of muggleness. It was highly
aggravating, and if Voldemort had been expected to appear anywhere
outside the large royal estates for any length of time he didn't think
he would be able to stand it. And yet, the French themselves were
strangely proud of themselves for it. No other wizarding society in
Europe was as at ease with its muggle population as they were, and they
seemed to think the rest of the continent would benefit from their
example.

It was a matter that had been glossed over when Voldemort had made
allies with the Queen of France. The Dark Lord's civil war had been more
about governmental reform than Pureblood ideology, and despite the
suggestion that it had been a genocide against those of muggle descent,
the subsequent years of peace had given more weight to his statement of
wanting what was best for *all* wizarding kind rather than the opinion
he had been on a simple hate campaign. His public friendship with Harry
Potter, a WYRA rescue and half-blood himself, had lent further credence
to his character, as had the peaceful establishment of the werewolf
colonies both in Britain and France.

But now it seemed peace would be the true test of France's faith in Lord
Voldemort.

"We'll simply make it a matter of security. We can't afford to have a
German resistance hiding amongst the muggles, nor evading the financial
restitution each witch and wizard is expected pay for their part in this
war."

"It won't hold up for long, and the French won't ignore it."

"But they won't go to war over it either," Voldemort said. "They won't
risk the same fate as the Germans they helped to conquer. Not yet in any
case."

---

Luna returned minutes later with Celestia, the supplies, and still more
curious werewolves gathered outside the cabin. Harry had broken out into
a sweat, despite the coolness inside, and a bitter taste had formed in
his mouth. Jane placed a bezoar, a shriveled, kidney-like stone, in his
mouth and told him to suck on it. The bad taste went away and with it
some of his fear, but the fever remained. Sirius continued to pace, out
of the way but still an overwhelming presence in the small room. Harry
was glad he was there. He welcomed the distraction because impossibly
the pain had somehow gotten worse.

Jane, Luna, and Celestia conversed for a minute near the door. Celestia
left, presumably to get more supplies, and Jane and Luna climbed onto
the bed. Luna pulled the bezoar he had been sucking on out of his mouth
and placed it in her own. His heart skipped a beat as he watched her,
and it was not from the poison. She knelt beside him, placing her knee
on his shoulder even as she lifted his arm, holding it firm at the elbow
and wrist.

"Don't be scared," she said. She was smiling at him, and it wasn't fake
or forced. He felt himself relax a little, even though his heart refused
to stop pounding and he couldn't catch his breath. Another hand slipped
into his right, and he squeezed it tightly, feeling the raw strength of
it in the calluses and scars. But he didn't look at Sirius, and soon he
wasn't looking at Luna either. He was looking at Jane and the obsidian
knives she held in either hand. She whispered something (a prayer or a
spell?) and brought the blades to her lips, then slipped a bezoar into
her mouth and brought the blades down slowly. One blade traced the width
of his wrist, so sharp there was not even a sting at first until the
flesh parted and black blood boiled up and out. The second slid across
the inner bend of his elbow, and soon it was bleeding profusely as well.

Jane latched onto his bleeding wrist and began to suck. At his elbow,
Luna did the same. Harry felt very little pain, but there was a shock.
It was not an electric shock. It wasn't even a shock of surprise; the
clues had been there after all. It was a shock of magic. His, the
poisoned blood's, Luna's, Jane's. Too many sources of magic of such
differing types pushing and pulling at his body, creating chaos for his
magus hypersentia. He gasped and tightened his hand in Sirius'. There
was magic here too, but familiar and safely thrumming beneath a layer of
skin. It was just there, not trying to pull him apart or put him
together.

"It's alright, Harry," Sirius said, squeezing back gently. "You're doing
great."

Luna suddenly drew back, her mouth black, and spit into the bowl. She
rolled the bezoar in her mouth for a moment, then went back to suckling
at his open wound. A moment later, Jane did the same. Harry closed his
eyes and turned away.

After that, things became confusing. He kept his eyes closed, trying to
sort through the many strange sensations and the twist and pull of magic
in and around him, while Sirius' hand in his kept him grounded. The room
was swimming, even with his eyes closed, and at times he felt like he
was in the ocean, rising and falling, tumbling and spinning as if caught
in a wave without any sense of up or down. Time seemed to skip from one
moment to the next without flow or context. Dreaming and waking were all
the same.

The pain gave way to nausea. The nausea gave way to weakness. The
weakness didn't gave way to anything, but was soon joined by cold.

He must have slept because he woke as he was pulled upright. He blinked
blearily, unable to focus, only to realize a moment later he wasn't
wearing his glasses. Where were his glasses? Had they left them by the
lake? He felt something pressed to his lips and swallowed instinctively.
He grimaced at the bitter, coppery-sweet taste of Blood Replenishing
potion. He groaned.

"Ssshhh, sleep. You must sleep now," Luna's voice, always a touch on the
dreamy side, pulled him back into the quiet darkness.

When next he woke, if it could be called waking, his forehead was
pressed to hers, the arch of their noses fitted together, and they
shared the same breathe, slightly sour with poisoned blood and herbs.
Her eyes were shut, but he could see them flickering back and forth
behind her eyelids. He wanted to kiss them and feel them moving beneath
his lips.

"Let her rest," another voice said, young, feminine, dangerous, and he
felt a shift of weight against his right side. The sudden awareness of
Jane curled up against him made him suddenly aware of others within the
room. He could hear the light and heavy snores of other werewolves and
Sirius' callused hand still gently gripping his own.

They were all there together. Sirius, Luna, Jane, himself, and probably
Remus too.

A highly dangerous combination.

He smiled at the thought and closed his eyes again.

---

"It's entirely unfair," Enid sighed, looking up from her book of poetry
to her roommate, who was immersed in a very dull sounding history of
Paris in its original French, a dictionary readily available (and
frequently used) on the nightstand beside her. "It's not like Lorelei
knows anybody in England. She said so herself. How's she going to find
work? Where's she going to stay?"

Hermione sighed. Enid was normally a very easy-going girl, but ever
since Lorelei had announced her intentions to go to England, she had
been sulky and depressed. Hermione sympathized with her, but she had
even more reasons to want to head home, and her inability to share them
left her slightly bitter.

"She probably thinks she has some rich, Pureblood relatives she doesn't
know about just waiting for their long lost niece or cousin to come back
and stay with them. Don't stress yourself out about it. Even if she
could afford a take the ferry, she'll never get her papers without a
proper wand."

While Britain had begun the process of re-opening its borders to British
refugees wanting to come home, it was neither simple nor cheap. Many of
the witches and wizards that had left Britain to escape the Dark Lord
had done so without much in the way of funds and had quickly sunk to the
bottom of the social ladder within the wizarding world. Too many English
wizards without funds or with job skills already met by the local
natives meant many poorer wizarding families had either accepted
low-paying jobs amongst wizarding kind or else tried their luck with
muggle employment. The result was a young generation of witches and
wizards without wands or basic spell knowledge. Britain had no muggle
world to support these unskilled magic-users, and there was a
not-so-subtle contempt for any witch or wizard who could use magic and
yet decided it was not worthwhile to learn. It meant Lorelei, who had
her late mother's wand but neither the connection with it nor the skill
necessary to cast a spell, wasn't going anywhere despite what she said
even if she could afford the registration and application fees.
Unfortunately, it also meant Enid wasn't going anywhere either.

"I don't have a wand."

"But you're saving up for one. That's put you way ahead of Lorelei in
getting home."

"I don't know how to use it though. What if I'm not any good?"

"Then you'll just have to keep practicing until you're good enough.
They're not expecting you to be the next Merlin."

"Will you teach me some spells when I get my wand?"

"Of course, I'll- What? How would I teach you? I don't have a wand
either."

Enid looked at her guilelessly.

"But you used to, didn't you?"

Hermione felt her heart suddenly pounding in her chest. How did she
know? She had always kept her wand and spellbooks hidden and her trunk
locked. What had given her away?

"Why do you say that?"

"I dunno. It's just something about the way you move about. It's
different than people who don't know how to use magic. And you're always
reading those smart people books and have those nice clothes. I figured
you used to come from a family that could afford to get you a wand."

Oh... oh, Merlin, she had been an idiot. An unforgivably stupid idiot.
Had she really thought she was being clever? Subtle? Enid had noticed
something wasn't right about her, and why shouldn't she? The girl was
poorly educated, but she wasn't stupid and they shared practically every
moment of the day together. And if Enid had noticed, surely Mrs. Prewitt
had noticed? And who else?

"Don't look like that, Heloise. I won't say anything to anyone. You've
got your reasons, I'm sure, and you'll tell me when you're good and
ready. Just don't think I'm entirely thick."

"Enid, I-"

"Haaaloooo!" a call interrupted from down the stairs, followed by the
sound of footsteps pounding their way up. The door burst open, allowing
in Lorelei with her usual dramatic flair. She was dressed in her
receptionist uniform and holding a bouquet of flowers. "Heloise, look
what someone left you at the front desk! Aren't they beautiful?!"

She scampered across the room and laid them right in Hermione's arms,
like a new baby for a new mother. Hermione had to abandon her book to
take them and sat there feeling rather silly buried in blankets, books,
and flowers all at once.

"Why didn't you tell me you had a boyfriend?" Lorelei scolded. "Is he
new? Where did you meet him? Did you know about this, Enid?"

"No, nothing," the girl said, climbing out of her own bed to come and
see the flowers for herself. She approached cautiously, as if expecting
them to suddenly explode. Hermione was feeling rather the same way.

"There's no card," Enid pointed out.

No, Hermione mentally noted, there wasn't, but then there really didn't
need to be. Narcissa had taught her the symbolism of flowers, and while
less interesting than their uses as potions ingredients, she had
endeavored to remember her lessons. Anemone and baby's breath for
unfading love, blue hyacinth for constancy, purple hyacinth for
forgiveness, lavender heather for admiration, and white heather for
protection. A beautiful, melancholy bouquet for a beautiful, melancholy
sort of love.

"I'm in so much trouble," Hermione said to Enid once Lorelei had gone.

Her roommate's reply to this was to lock the window, close the curtains,
and hang her cross on the door handle.

---

