# Chapter 142

Malfoy Manor loomed on a hill against a gray morning sky in grim repose,
its grandeur muted in the February gloom. Harry had not seen the estate
since December. It was not so great a time, and yet the manor had
undergone some essential change Harry would be hard pressed to identify
but could not be missed. The windows seemed somehow darker, the grounds
wilder, the stones grayer.

*It's as if it's in mourning,* Harry thought and did not dismiss the
idea. Wizarding places were known for their personalities, their
sentience, although they were not strictly alive. The real question was
whether the manor itself was mourning Lucius or if it was merely the
reflection of its new master's grief?

There was a sentry at the gate, which typically was unusual outside of
special events. He was a burly, disagreeable wizard that must have had a
troll or ogre somewhere in his family tree and had threatened to smash
their heads in if they were reporters. Snape hadn't been impressed, but
he did wait patiently as the guard summoned a house elf to verify their
identities and escort them to the house. Even the elf seemed gloomy, its
ears drooping and its eyes sad. Harry pitied it, and he pitied Draco,
being trapped in such a depressing place.

Inside the elf bid them wait while she informed the 'Young Master' of
their arrival. Harry studied the entryway, mentally cataloging what he
was seeing to what he remembered. He held no memories of his fall from
the top of the staircase, but the events had been reiterated to him
enough for him to have an idea of what happened. The chandelier in the
foyer was missing. It must have been the one that fell on Crouch, he
reasoned. It still hadn't been replaced, leaving the space dark and
cavernous with only the weak winter light coming through the narrow
manor windows. He looked towards the stairs, half expecting to find
blood there or a crack in the stone. But the stairs were pristine.

"Perhaps I shouldn't have come," Harry said as the minutes stretched.

"Why?" Snape asked in a put-upon tone, drumming his fingers against his
cane in boredom. He didn't even bother to look at Harry, although there
was nothing else particularly interesting in the foyer to look at.

"Draco might... not be entirely happy to see me."

He still maintained some hope that wasn't the case since the unexpected
gesture of kindness at the funeral, but there had been no reply to the
letters he had sent since then, and he wondered now if he hadn't been
snubbed after all.

"That is something better known than guessed at," Snape said
unsympathetically.

Harry didn't agree. At least, he didn't agree with finding out in Malfoy
Manor. The house had already tried to kill him once before. It seemed
impolite to mention this aloud, however, particularly in the foyer where
his voice might echo up and out into the entire manor.

Several more awkward minutes passed, and finally the house elf returned,
looking shaken, and led them to the study. Snape hissed in disgust as
they entered the room, and Harry hesitated at the doorway. The study,
once the picture of sophistication and order, was now a hive of chaos.
Stacks of papers had piled up and fallen over across every available
surface, including much of the floor, along with what looked like a
month's worth of dirty dishes. A fire burned in the hearth, making the
room unpleasantly hot and the air vaguely rancid. Amidst it all sat
Draco, half reclined behind his desk, one leg draped over the arm of his
chair while his right hand held a glass of something that definitely
wasn't pumpkin juice. If the office was in an alarming state, Draco was
doubly so. He was thinner and paler still than he had been at the
funeral procession. He was greasy and unkempt, and the shadows around
his eyes were so dark they appeared painted on.

He stared at them through slitted eyes, his expression closed. Snape
glowered at the state of the room, then glowered some more at the state
of his godson.

"I take it you will not be joining us then?"

Draco laughed or spasmed or *something*, and the brittle porcelain of
his skin broke into a smile that threatened to shatter into bloody
shards.

"I am afraid I must decline," he said with mocking politeness. "As you
can see I am quite busy."

"Perhaps it would help if you let the house elves into the study. They
clearly haven't touched the place in a while."

"I can't *stand* them in here. They constantly *nag* and *simper* and
*whine*. 'Young Master needs to drink his tea', 'Young Master must sleep
now', 'Would Young Master like a teddy bear and a bedtime story?'
Merlin, it grates."

"At least let them tidy the office. It's disgusting in here. And when
was the last time you slept? Or bathed for that matter?"

Draco sneered at him nastily. Harry felt a jolt of surprise. For an
instant, the other boy had looked just like his father, with all the
vitriol and contempt Draco himself had yet to acquire. Until now.

"I can just as easily ban you if you continue to play the worried house
elf as well."

Snape stared at him, his eyes narrowing thoughtfully. Draco stared right
back and took a long draw from his glass.

"Where is your mother, Draco?"

The boy suddenly looked away, and then tried to hide the retreat with a
dismissive shrug.

"Visiting some distant cousin or uncle or something. I couldn't be
bothered to remember. I'm not her keeper."

*You said too much*, Harry thought. *You're evading and sloppily at
that. What are you hiding?*

Snape appeared to notice it as well but did not pursue it. This was not
Hogwarts. This was Draco's domain, and whatever regard his godson
afforded him might have been enough to get him through the door, but if
he used that up he could easily and irrevocably be expelled through it.

"Let the house elves tidy up. I will have Ira bring you a sleeping
drought. Undoubtedly she'll become maternal. Indulge her," Snape said.

The 'or else' went unsaid but heard nevertheless.

"When we find your sister I want to be able to say that you're alright
and not be made a liar."

Snape made to leave, and Harry felt alarmed. Surely they weren't going
to leave Draco like this! He looked more dead than alive and clearly had
no intention of changing the situation himself. But Snape kept coming,
crowding Harry out of the doorway and into the hall. He moved out of the
way as the man stalked past.

"But we can't... He..." he stammered, but the man kept going without
pause and disappeared around the corner. Harry gaped after him. He
turned back to the office, only to have the door slammed shut in his
face.

"Draco? Draco?!" he called.

He tried the door and pulled his hand back with a hiss when a bolt of
magic stung him. His fingers went instantly numb.

Harry got the message. Reluctantly, he left to follow after Snape.
Outside, he had to run to catch up with his guardian. Despite his cane,
the man had already neared the gate.

"We can't leave him like that!"

Snape regarded him blandly and didn't slow his steady, limping gait.

"And what would you have us do, Potter? Wrestle him to the ground and
force feed him potions and good advice? This is his home, and we have no
leverage against him. We cannot force the issue, and he is in no state
to be reasonable."

"So we do nothing?" Harry accused.

Snape snorted and rolled his eyes.

"Gryffindors. It's always all or nothing with you, isn't it? Of course
I'm going to do something, but there are those better suited to this
task than either of us."

"You mean Ira? What can she possibly do that we can't? She barely even
knows Draco."

"I find your lack of faith in my wife vaguely insulting, Potter and
choose not to indulge questions with what should be obvious answers. Now
put up your hood. We're taking the Knight Bus, and I would prefer not to
be mobbed by your adoring fans."

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean that the way it sounded," he said, even as he
pulled up his hood as ordered. Predictably, Snape ignored him.

"We will need to go to Bristol to pick up our papers, and then we will
split up. You will go and visit Miss Cypher and request her assistance
with Draco. Be prepared to negotiate."

* * * * *

Harry had never been to Natalie's house before, but he had sent her
enough owls over the years to know the address by heart. It was a
four-story townhouse sandwiched between rows of similar homes and shops.
The neighborhood skirted the border between affluent and Bohemian, an
eclectic mix of contemporary art studios, antique shops, salons, and
coffee shops that seemed to be owned by the creative working class and
patronized by the eccentric wealthy. Harry rather liked it.

Natalie's home doubled as an antique shop, so that while the building
itself was a tidy brownstone that looked like it had been built within
the last decade, the fixtures of the house, such as the door and garden
statues, were all ancient pieces artfully darkened by the passage of
time.

Harry ran his fingers over a copper statue of a faun turned pale green
with oxidation, feeling the unique magical signature still strong
despite its age. It flicker its ears in annoyance and scampered off
further into the garden. There was an antique door knocker with the face
of a lion on a red door, and it growled menacingly as he tapped it. He
wondered if one of Natalie's mums had been a Gryffindor.

A woman with long black hair and elegant black robes answered the door.
Harry pulled back his hood so that she could see him properly. He could
tell she recognized him, although they had never met, and also that she
was surprised to see him.

"Hello, Mrs. Quinn," he said. "Is Natalie home?"

She blinked once, twice, and then her surprise became delight.

"Of course, please come in."

She escorted him inside, where the space was much larger than the
outside would have led one to believe. The front door led directly into
the shop, which was full to overflowing with furniture, armor, china
vases, standing mirrors, and even an old carriage squeezed into a
corner. He followed Mrs. Quinn through the shop, feeling the pleasant
hum of so many magical objects crammed into a limited space.

"You don't have any portraits?" Harry noted curiously as they reached a
spiral staircase at the back of the shop. The only paintings he saw were
of animals and landscapes.

"Oh, you noticed that? Yes, I decided against selling portraits early in
the business. No one wants to buy pictures of people they've never heard
of, and they were shameless gossips."

Up the second floor was yet more antiques, but these were clearly not
ready for sale. Some were locked behind glass cases, while others looked
broken or in the process of being repaired. She noticed his curiosity
and explained.

"My wife Adeline does most of my restorations for me. That's actually
how we met. I contracted her to restore some old woodwork for me. The
rest, as they say, is history."

"And the things in the cases?"

"Oh, those. Cursed or otherwise warded. I had a curse-breaker stationed
out of London that I used to hire to handle these sorts of things, but
he didn't survive the Italian siege. The poor man, he was nearly ninety
and wouldn't have hurt a soul. I haven't found anyone to replace him.
Most of the curse-breakers work for the Court or the Culties these days,
and the rest are a bunch of crooks and swindlers."

"I know a good curse-breaker," Harry said. "He's in France right now
teaching some seminars in Paris, but he'll be off for the summer soon. I
can put in an inquiry for you if you like."

She looked impressed by his offer and quickly found some business cards
for both him and his curse-breaker acquaintance. They took another set
of stairs to the third floor where the living quarters started. The
space was divided into sections by three sets of French doors in a
U-shape. She opened a set of doors to their left and led him into a
small parlor, sunny with fern patterned wallpaper and vases with yellow
roses and lavender. There were family photographs on the wall, many of
them with Natalie as a little girl. She had a sly, clever look even as a
toddler that he would recognize anywhere.

"I'll go get Natalie for you and have Adeline make some tea."

She was gone before he could protest the tea. He honestly didn't have
time to stay long. He continued to study the photographs for several
more minutes, until the door opened and Natalie stepped inside. Harry
smiled when he saw she had brought Inana with her, the ten foot long
cobra draped around her neck and shoulders like some sort of fashion
accessory. Inana seemed as comfortable with it as Natalie, and Harry
wondered what they got up to with all the time they spent together.

"And here I thought you had forgotten about us," Natalie said, and
strode up to him, lifting Inana from her shoulders and placing the snake
around Harry's. The cobra regarded him lethargically and shifted only
enough to settle herself comfortably.

"Never. I just got back from Sirius' yesterday, and I'm heading off to
Paris this afternoon."

"So soon? Are you up for that?"

She made an unsubtle glance at his wounded hand. He had wrapped it in
bandages again that morning. The limb was still ugly with bruising and
several conspicuous bite marks he didn't want to have to explain.

"It's fine. Besides, it's a negotiation, not a Dueling tournament. I'll
probably be bored to tears."

Natalie didn't look convinced, and he didn't blame her. To distract her,
he turned to Inana and spoke in parseltongue.

*"Ssso how are you getting along with my friend Natalie? Ssshe ssseems
quite taken with you,"* he said.

*"Sshe isss... tolerable,*" Inana admitted reluctantly. *"At leassst,
sshe does not ignore me for weeks on end."*

*"I'm very sssorry. I haven't given you the attention you deserve. I'll
be ssseventeen thisss sssummer. We will return to the Nile together
then, and you can ssshow me your kingdom."*

*"Yess. My kingdom. I will ssshow you the sssacred places, where the
godsss sssleep and the Nile isss born,"*she said, her sibilant voice
reverent with awe and longing.

*"Sssoon,"* he promised.

"What did she say?" Natalie asked jealously. Harry grinned at her.

"Have you ever considered visiting Egypt?"

They talked for a little while longer, as long as Harry dared with
errands still left to complete and his rendezvous time with Snape
quickly approaching. They talked of the letters shared and the details
that had been left out, Harry's plans while in France, what they were
going to do about school, and various bits of gossip. They were
interrupted by the door opening and a perky blond witch carrying in a
tea service. Harry concluded she was Adeline, Natalie's other mother.

"Hello, dears. I didn't interrupt you two kissing, did I?" she said
cheerfully, causing both teens to blush in embarrassment.

"Mum!"

"Like you hadn't thought about it. It's nice to meet you in person,
Harry. Natalie talks about you so much, I feel like we've known each
other for years."

Natalie's faced burned, and Harry was surprised to realize this was the
first time he had ever seen her embarrassed. He might have enjoyed it
more if he weren't so mortified himself.

"Fine, fine. I know where I'm not wanted. I'll just leave this here for
you, and let you get back to pretending I was never sixteen and don't
know what you're up to."

She gave Natalie an affectionate peck on the cheek. Then, to her
daughter's absolute horror, gave one to Harry too before bustling out of
the room. They both stood there in stunned mortification for a moment.

"You'll have to excuse me, Harry. I need to go find a rock to crawl
under and die," Natalie said at last.

"Ewr..." he started awkwardly, looking for something say. "Perhaps you
could do me a favor before you go do that."

Harry told her about his visit to Malfoy Manor and his concern for
Draco. The change of subject helped distract them so that they were only
a few shades light of a tomato by the time he finished.

"I'm overdue for a visit," Natalie said by way of agreement. "I've been
busy helping my mums with the shop, but I'll ask for the rest of the day
off to visit. Malfoy Manor is as good a rock to crawl under as any."

"Better than most, I should think," Harry joked feebly. "Thank you for
doing this."

"Draco is my friend. Despite what the world thinks of Slytherins, that
does mean something to us," she said dismissively.

"Natalie, I've never doubted the value of your friendship. Not ever."

Impulsively, he leaned in and kissed her cheek just as her mother had
moments before. She stood there stunned. Suddenly embarrassed all over
again, Harry took advantage of her shock to quickly deposit Inana back
onto Natalie and beat a hasty retreat.

"I've got to go now. The boat's leaving soon. I'll send you a letter
when I arrive. Tell me how it goes with Draco. Thanks again. Bye!" he
babbled, and then practically ran for the exit, leaving Natalie standing
there with a giant cobra and an untouched tea service.

She turned to Inana. Inana looked back at her and flicked her forked
tongue. Natalie sighed.

"You said it, sister."

* * * * *

Wizarding London was still a depressing sight, but there were obvious
signs that the city was on its way to recovering. Collapsed and
burnt-out buildings had been mostly cleared away, leaving vacant lots
and exposed basements ready to be built on top of. Snape hoped the
builders would have the sense to use those magical advancements that had
not been available when the city was first built to help make their
homes and businesses more durable from these sorts of attacks in the
future. He didn't put much faith into it, but hope was cheap.

The Red Weasel was as busy as ever, although several other competing
businesses had opened up along the same street and seemed to be doing
well enough themselves. With the war over, people were flooding back to
the city in droves and those businesses quickest to open were thriving.
He entered the tavern unnoticed and made his way towards the bar,
side-stepping waiters and tables with patrons talking progressively
louder to be heard over others patrons with the same idea. One of the
Weasley twins was at the bar, filling drink orders and flirting with the
waitresses. He did a double-take when he spotted Snape coming towards
him and actually had the cheek to grin at him.

"Professor Snape! Long time, no see. What can I get for you? First drink
is always on the house."

Snape considered the offer, but then decided against it. His limp
already affected his balance, and he doubted a drink would improve the
matter. He shook his head.

"I'm looking for your brother Ronald. Is he here?"

The bartender gave him a curious look that bordered on wary.

"He in trouble?"

"No," Snape said but didn't elaborate.

"That's too bad. He's doing inventory in the kitchen. Theoretically. Go
on back."

"Mr. Weasley," Snape said with a nod and turned to go, nearly running
into a waitress half a head shorter than all the others and carrying
what looked to be six trays at once.

"Pardon me, sir. Oh, Professor Snape!" Ginny Weasley said, her eyes
widening.

"Miss Weasley. It's good to see you're putting your education to good
use," he said blandly. She ducked her head.

"Yes, well... money for college, sir. Best to start saving now."

He wasn't sure if he believed her, but he nodded anyway.

"A worthy goal. I'll leave you to it."

He found Ron Weasley slacking off in the kitchen pantry, reading a book
on concealment and disguise charms. He looked up when Snape blocked
light coming in the the doorway and nearly fell off his stool.

"Jesus, what are *you* doing here?"

"We really do need to have mandatory etiquette lessons at Hogwarts. The
manners in today's young people really are appalling," he drawled and
stepped into the panty. He closed the door behind him and cast some
spells for privacy. Ron had stood and backed up to the far side of the
pantry, which still only left about five feet between them.

"I doubt you came to discuss curriculum with me, sir. What is it then?"

Snape regarded him coldly.

"You owe me a debt."

Ron glowered, opened his mouth to snap something, hesitated, bit his
lip, and finally nodded.

"Today you begin repayment. I am going to France on rather urgent
business with Mr. Potter. My wife will not be accompanying me, and I
cannot in good conscience leave her without protection of some kind."

"You want me to be your wife's bodyguard?"

"And errand boy, as needs arise."

"When and for how long?"

"Today. I told her to expect you. And for as long as necessary."

"But I have a job," he objected.

"I don't care. This responsibility takes precedent. I will not pay you
for it, but if you perform adequately I will write a recommendation to
whichever university or employer you wish to seek out upon graduation."

"I'll need money more than I'll need another scrap of paper."

"You'll need your life more than you'll need either. This is a *Life*
debt, Weasley. One in which I have shed blood to uphold. Pray I don't
require some of your own before it is repaid."

Rather than looking cowed, Ron only seemed to get angrier, his face
turning redder by the second.

"You... you can't just..."

Snape smirked.

"Yes, Weasley, I can and I am. *You* can't just go about trying to
murder a man with black magic and not expect there to be consequences.
Certainly others have been paying for it, Hermione Granger not least
among them."

Ron had no argument for that, and for a moment he even looked ashamed.
His eyes skittered around the cramped space without actually settling on
anything, until finally he gave up looking for excuses and just nodded.

"Good. You can start with these," Snape said, handing him a pile of
letters. "Post them today. Except for the letter to my wife, which you
will deliver to her in person, and then wait for her instructions."

The boy accepted the letters and stuffed them into his robes, nodding
morosely. Snape stared at him for a long moment.

"If something happens to her," he said finally, "I will destroy you."

A brief touch of legilimency proved the boy believed him, but to his
credit, Weasley didn't cringe or look away. Bravery wasn't a prized
trait in Slytherin, but cowardice was an absolutely unacceptable trait
for what Snape needed him for.

Snape nodded once, opened the door, and left.

* * * * *

Dumbledore did not like to visit Paris unless he had to. It wasn't that
he disliked the city, per se. He admired its people, its intellectual
and cultural vibrancy, and its unique approach towards muggle-wizarding
relations. What he didn't like about visiting Paris was that if he left
for even a month, he would have no idea what the city would be like when
he returned. Paris was a city of political turmoil and philosophical
wars. There were always some dissidents, revolutionists, social
movement, or scandal that carried the hearts of the common folk in one
direction and the French government in another.

In particularly dangerous times, the common folk and French government
were in agreement and without the other setting boundaries things got
particularly out of control. That hadn't happened since 1971 when the
city had almost uniformly agreed to remove the boundaries between the
muggle and wizarding sections of the city. It had seemed like a good
idea at the time, in keeping with the perhaps overly sentimental view of
muggle-wizarding relations. It had been an unparalleled disaster. For
twenty years Parisian law enforcement was forced to direct most of its
efforts towards maintaining secrecy and containing 'accidents' involving
muggles. The government had quickly done a one-eighty and wanted to
return back to the previous apartheid state, but citizenry was still
intent on making it work. Only in the last decade or so that things had
reached a relatively stable compromise, and it was a tenuous situation
at best.

At the moment, the atmosphere of the city was a jubilant one. The German
War (in their eyes it seemed the Germany held sole responsibility for
it), was now over and their British allies had won while still
maintaining the moral high ground. The opportunity for strengthening
France's economical and political status within Europe was almost
guaranteed. Queen Ophelia was at the height of her popularity, leaving
her critics biting their tongues in fear of public backlash. The
mysterious and powerful Dark Lord and his young protégé had become
international celebrities and the fashionable ideal.

Dumbledore knew he would not receive a warm welcome in this city.

Not yet, in any event.

Maybe next month or next year or next decade the tide would change in
his favor, but by then it would be too late. He couldn't afford to wait.
If Voldemort cemented his hold in Germany, there would be no ousting him
from Western Europe.

As was his custom, Dumbledore set up operations in the muggle section of
the city. A small apartment in a local slum, currently condemned until
restorations could be completed. Magic had made the dwelling habitable
if not entirely pleasant. His crew for this mission was a handful of
witches and wizards fluent in French, most of them German military or
militia fleeing the British invasion and one a British refugee from the
civil war already stationed in Paris for several years. All of them had
reasons to fear Voldemort. None of them had reason to believe Dumbledore
could actually protect them, but they were desperate.

Having spent the first day settling in, Dumbledore spent the second day
assessing the situation in the city and the country as a whole. Nothing
comforting was learned, but nothing surprising either. The real work
began late that evening when, disguised as a middle-aged Eastern
European wizard, he entered a gallery on a small wizarding street
nestled in the district of Avenue Montaigne. It was just before
midnight, but the Galeries de Nocturne hadn't been open for more than an
hour. Its unique management situation required unusual hours. The
gallery itself was a long, narrow building with contemporary wood
flooring and old-fashioned oil lamps. The walls were lined with
paintings, none of them less than two hundred years old. The theme of
this particular gallery seemed to be muggle historical paintings painted
using wizarding techniques. Many of them featured Napoleon leading a
charge in some battle or another. Sometimes the charge led into another
painting's frame, and an argument would break out between the diminutive
combatants.

"Excuse me," he said in French with an Eastern European accent to a very
beautiful and very *pale* woman who was spending more time watching the
potential customers than the paintings. She turned towards him and
smiled, lips closed politely over her fangs.

"How may I help you?" she said, her own French faintly accented. Perhaps
Middle Eastern.

"I have an appointment with Master Clarion," he lied, handing her a
card. It wasn't a business card, but rather a tarot card of the
Magician. The woman took the card in confusion and then in suspicion.

"I was not made aware of any such appointment," she said.

"It's a standing appointment," he said. "Please give it to Master
Clarion, and I am certain he will see me."

Her eyes narrowed, but she nodded and stalked off towards a set of
stairs at the far end of the gallery. He noted absently that her heels
didn't make a sound on the hardwood floors as she walked and estimated
she was at least seventy years old but no more than a hundred. She
disappeared up the stairs, and he occupied himself for several minutes
with the paintings on the wall. Battles didn't much interest him, but
there was a rather lovely painting of Bougainville's discovery of
Tahiti.

The woman appeared again eventually and gestured towards the stairs she
had just descended.

"He will see you."

He smiled, nodded politely, and strolled towards the stairs in no
particular hurry. The upstairs gallery was just as long and narrow, but
the wood floors were covered in rugs and the gas lamps were replaced
with wall sconces and candelabras, with only a few of those lit. There
were no paintings, only furniture. A large, antique desk, several book
cases and cabinets, and sofas and chairs he thought he recognized from
some of the paintings downstairs. Most of said sofas and chairs were
currently occupied with vampires, while Clarion himself was positioned
behind his desk.

"It's been a while, old friend," Dumbledore said congenially. The
vampire smiled thinly back at him.

"And I was just starting to relax. So what will it be then?"

Dumbledore didn't belittle him by drawing out the unnecessary
pleasantries. Vampires had long memories. There was no need to remind
Clarion what he owed him, what his vampire family owed him. The war with
Grindelwald had devastated Europe, and vampires had not fared any
better. There had been strife between wizarding kind and vampires, which
had led to losses on both sides. The death of vampires had led to power
struggles amongst rival clans, none of them so fierce or bloody as those
in Paris. Clarion's rise as the Master of the City, indeed his very
survival, had only been made possible by Dumbledore's support. More than
his rise up the ranks, he owed the wizard for the lives of several of
his children who had been directly or indirectly rescued from battles
and government execution. Clarion would remember this as a matter of
honor. And as a matter of honor, he would not... could not, turn
Dumbledore away.

"Nothing *too* dramatic I should think. I would like you to keep me
appraised of the situation in Bourges. Perhaps arrange a place to stay
nearby."

"And what makes you think I would have any way of knowing what is going
on in Bourges? We are vampires, not politicians."

"You are the Master of the City, therefore you have politicians in your
pocket and probably a few aides and security guards besides. You can't
afford not to know what the Queen and the Ministry are up to."

Clarion nodded in acknowledgment and sighed.

"Very well. How many people would you need to hide?"

"Only myself and maybe one or two others. It needn't be fancy."

"If you wish to be close to the action there won't be any choice in that
regard. It is a rich, Pureblood city. The servants and workers floo in
from Levet or Jussy-Champagne. At least in the wizarding section."

"As long as it is discreet."

"That I can guarantee. You will not make trouble for me."

"I am sure you have your own means of insuring that," Dumbledore said
without changing his congenial tone. It went without saying that Clarion
would be keeping an eye on him even as he helped him. Despite what was
owed the wizard, Clarion would not risk being labeled a traitor of his
country by being caught assisting a known terrorist.

There was little to say after that. They ironed out the details.
Dumbledore inquired after Clarion's family politely, and Clarion
answered vaguely. The vampire asked about Dumbledore's plans while in
France, which were met with nonsensical answers. Dumbledore inquired
about Clarion's 'business' these days which the vampire evaded
altogether. Their conversation could have continued on for several more
hours without any straightforward answers, but there was a disturbance
from downstairs that drew their attention.

The vampires that had been lounging motionlessly around the room
suddenly stood, including their Master. One of the vampires retrieved a
sword from seemingly out of thin air and placed it in Clarion's hand.
Just in time for the woman from before to come flying up the stairs and
scurry to the far side of the room behind the crowd of her immortal
brothers and sisters.

Dumbledore remained seated and watched things unfold from the rather
precarious position directly between Clarion's people and the
approaching danger. Their adversary turned out to be another vampire
and, to Dumbledore's surprise, someone he recognized.

Despite being a few shades paler, Viktor looked just as Dumbledore
remembered him. A heavy brow and dark eyes that made him look
simultaneously earnest and menacing, and arms that looked like they
could wrestle a bear. If he hadn't entered the room with his fangs
already bared, the old wizard might have made the mistake of jumping up
to hug him.

But the fangs were drawn, and the look in his eyes held a savage gleam
he had never seen before. It took him a moment to realize he had not
seen him for over a year, nearly two. Had he been a vampire that entire
time? What did it mean that he had not sought him out to tell him he was
alive? Had his Master prevented him from seeking him out? Not unusual,
but...

Whatever the case, it was not time to postulate. Viktor was joined by
several other vampires following close behind him, and they all looked
ready for a fight. Well this was certainly interesting. Not *good*, but
interesting.

"Monsieur," Viktor said, looking at Dumbledore, "I would recommend you
go."

For a second, the elderly wizard was confused by his formality; then
realized he still had his disguise on. Viktor didn't recognize him.

"*I* will be the one to say when my guests may come and go, Viktor. If
you have some business with me, then you will go through the proper
channels," Clarion hissed, and behind him several of his children
snarled. Several of the vampires behind Viktor snarled back, but were
silenced when Viktor raised his hand. Dumbledore felt another shock of
surprise. Viktor was the leader? The boy, for he really was little more
than a boy, couldn't have been a vampire for little over a year, maybe
less and yet he was in charge? More than that, Clarion clearly felt
threatened by Viktor, which meant he held a sizable clan. What
circumstances could have possibly led to that?

"Or I can just walk into your office and save myself the time of having
to chase after you while you cower from safe house to safe house like a
scared little rabbit," Viktor sneered, then turned to Dumbledore. "Why
are you still here?"

Dumbledore smiled back at him, which startled the vampire.

"Master Clarion and I have an appointment, young man, which I believe
takes precedent over your rather rude intrusion. Perhaps it is *you* who
should come back later."

His tone did not change from before, but his wand slid into his right
hand from the sleeve of his robe and tapped lightly on the edge of his
chair in slow beat. Viktor stared at the wand. His eyes widened as he
recognized it. He looked back to Dumbledore, fixing him with an
unreadable stare. The old wizard considered legilimency, but then
decided against. Only a fool would go up against a vampire with such a
tactic. His mind could be crushed like a grape under a troll's foot.

"Forgive me, monsieur. I have perhaps been overly hasty," he said
evenly, betraying nothing. He then turned to Clarion and twisted his
expression into unbridled contempt. "I know what you are up to. Your
minions are clumsy at the best of times. If I find them meddling in my
affairs again, I cannot be held responsible for what will happen next."

"And yet I most assuredly *will* hold you responsible, you savage brat.
As will every other clan in this city. Don't mistake bravado for
invincibility. You live only at my benevolence."

"And you only at my patience," Viktor replied. "This is your only
warning."

No one said anything else as the invading vampires slowly withdrew. When
they were gone, Clarion's vampires settled back into their respective
seats and turned towards their Master for instruction. Clarion said
nothing for a long time, his entire body shaking with the rage he felt
at their confrontation. Dumbledore waited patiently for the vampire to
collect himself. Eventually, he did and settled back into chair, laying
his sword on his desk with a harsh clatter.

"Damn that boy," he muttered under his breath.

"Viktor was always headstrong."

"So you are not going to deny knowing him?" This seemed to surprise the
vampire. "I could tell he recognized your wand. How do you know him?"

"We've crossed paths before he became a vampire," he said, but didn't
elaborate. If Clarion didn't already know of Viktor's involvement in the
Triwizard Tournament then he didn't want to be the one to inform him of
it. Viktor might have dissolved his ties with Dumbledore, but that
didn't mean he had actively betrayed him. The old wizard would not throw
his old comrade to the wolves if he didn't have to. "I hadn't realized
he had even been turned, let alone taken up residence in Paris."

Clarion sighed heavily.

"It's that damn Katarina's fault. She got in over her head in Germany
and got herself killed, and suddenly this self-important bastard takes
over her clan and moves them into my backyard without so much as a
warning. I thought at first it was just ignorance, but it turned out he
really is just that much of a prick."

"And yet you haven't driven him out."

"I *can't* drive him out. His clan is bigger than mine, and he knows
it." Not to mention older, stronger, and just plain meaner. "I would
have to call on the other clans to help me, and I can't afford that sort
of favor hanging over my head with that many people. They'll see me as
weak. He knows this as well."

"And yet you cannot let him do as he pleases without seeming weak
either."

Clarion merely nodded.

Dumbledore regarded him thoughtfully.

Clarion looked back equally as thoughtful.

Neither said anything for a long time.

* * * * *

Horace was bored. Oxford wasn't nearly as interesting as he had thought
it would be. At least, not from inside the Owl and Toad Tavern, which
could have been any tavern from Inverness to Portsmouth, with the
exception of the photographs hanging behind the bar of famous authors
that had visited rather than famous Quidditch players. Horace didn't
recognize any of them, but then he would be hard pressed to recognize
his own mother most days.

He was there with Charlie to meet with the publisher from the Oxford
Wizarding Press for lunch and a discussion of his dragon book. Aside
from a very brief introduction, he hadn't said much at all. Charlie had
taken over the conversation almost immediately, and Horace let him. The
publisher was a bit of a prig, and seemed more interested with dealing
with a college graduate and career researcher over someone barely out of
secondary school. Horace had managed to pay attention for a little
while, mostly when Charlie was going over the credentials and
interesting anecdotes of those behind the creation of the book. The
story about how Hagrid had come into Charlie's employ under the
recommendation of Harold Potter, gifted with three dragon eggs from the
Triwizard tournament besides, was particularly interesting since Horace
hadn't heard the story told straight through. After that, he lost
interest in favor of the food that arrived. The food itself was pretty
good for tavern food, nothing spectacular but good, and once he was done
eating he realized he didn't know what Charlie and the publisher were
talking about anymore.

He stood up, and they suddenly looked at him, startled as if just
realizing he was there.

"I'm going to use the loo," he said simply. Charlie nodded and the
publisher looked away as if he had said something embarrassing. He left,
did his business, and while washing his hands, completely forgot about
them. He went to the bar and ordered a butterbeer, and sat for a while
looking at the pictures of famous people he didn't recognize. Then he
grew bored and started looking around the tavern instead.

The tavern was only half full, occupied mostly with students and
professors from the local university grabbing lunch between classes. He
spotted Charlie and the publisher and was reminded why he was there
again. They didn't seem to have noticed his absence, and he was in no
hurry to return. He looked around some more and found himself drawn to a
man and two young girls seated in a booth nearby. It was the girls that
drew his attention, as they seemed to be the only children in the place
and none too pleased about it either. They were dressed prettily in lacy
white dresses, their hair done up in satin ribbons, and accompanied by a
man (presumably their father) dressed in a handsome gray and red three
piece suit and coordinating maroon colored robe and bow tie. The girls
were sulking over their lunch of pot pies, while their father scolded
them softly.

He entertained himself imagining what was happening. Perhaps the girls
had just come back from a party after causing some sort of mischief. Or
perhaps their father was ordering them to behave as they prepared to go
to some formal occasion that threatened to be exceptionally dull, like a
baptism or a piano recital. His imaginings were interrupted when the
older of the two girls suddenly threw down her fork and shouted for the
entire tavern to hear.

"Who cares?! If Harry's too busy to be bothered then father will
obviously be too busy to come either!"

With that, the girl clambered over her little sister and ran for the
door, red faced and on the verge of tears. Her father sat there stunned
for a moment, and it wasn't until she was nearly out the door that he
jumped up to run after her. He stopped abruptly and turned back to the
girl left abandoned in the booth.

"Stay right here! I'll be right back. Don't move from this spot!" he
said sharply, and then hurried out the door.

The girl did indeed stay put, but her embarrassment and worry was
obvious to Horace and likely to everyone else in the tavern who was now
looking between the door and girl with blatant curiosity. The silence
that followed was awkward and must have been awful for her. No one said
anything. No one got up to approach the girl, not even the barkeep or
any of the waitresses. Disgusted, Horace ordered a glass of pumpkin
juice and walked it over to the table with the mortified child. He set
it in front of the girl and startled her from her intense study of the
table. He smiled at her, and then turned around to glare at anyone else
who happened to be looking in their direction. Predictably, everyone
looked away and hastily continued their conversations where they had
left off.

He sat down across from her.

"Are you alright?" he asked.

She blinked at him owlishly and nodded.

"My name is Horace. Do you want to tell me what just happened?"

Her pink cheeks reddened further, and she shook her head. But then she
glanced up at him, and perhaps seeing only kindness there, changed her
mind.

"I'm Alyssa. My sister Morgana was angry at my dad because he says Harry
might not be able to make it to her birthday party this year, and she
shouldn't get her hopes up. He's really busy this year, but then he's
always busy and still manages to come other times. Father has a new
boss, and he's busy too, but I don't know why she would think he
wouldn't come either. They'll both come. I know they will."

Despite her words, she looked despondent, or as despondent as a ten year
old girl could look. He didn't like that look. Not at all.

"Is Harry your brother?"

She blinked at him, and just like that the despondent look disappeared
into a grin.

"No! Harry's famous!"

This time Horace was surprised. His initial reaction to the name Harry
was to mentally add a 'Potter' at the end, but he had dismissed the
possibility just as quickly. Harry was an exceptionally common name,
even among wizards. *Famous* Harrys were considerably rarer.

"You don't mean...?"

She took the glass of pumpkin juice he had brought her and took a sip,
grinning into the glass the entire time. Mentally, he shuffled through
his scattered memories. Harry was always a subject of unusual clarity
for him, and it didn't take him long to find some minor detail in a
conversation they had had from years ago.

"Reicher," he said, and the girl choked on her juice. "You're one of the
Reicher girls, aren't you?"

"How did you know that?" she squeaked.

"I know Harry as well. We went to school together. He mentioned your
family sometimes."

Her eyes widened.

"He did?"

"He was very fond of you."

This seemed to please the girl, and she was more than willing to talk to
him about their mutual friend. He was more than willing to listen. He
even talked a little about his time with Harry at Hogwarts, which
inevitably led to his recent exploits in saving the school. Her
perspective of the events was a bit skewed by her obvious hero worship,
but she painted a colorful picture that marked her as a talented
storyteller.

He took out his notebook and pencil from his robes.

"What are you doing," she asked.

"I'm taking notes."

"Notes about what?"

"About Harry. About you."

"How come?"

"Because I'm Harry's biographer."

"What's a biographer?"

He explained it to her. She looked thoughtful, then frowned.

"What if I want to be his biographer?"

"Then you should also take notes," he said, attempting to hide his
smile.

"Harry can have more than one biographer?"

"Sure. I'm sure there will be a lot of us eventually. We have a head
start though, since we've known him for so long and are his friends."

"Wouldn't it be easier just to write one book about Harry?"

"Like a collaboration?"

She didn't know what that meant either, and he explained it to her.

"Yeah, like that," she said.

"Maybe," he agreed. "Do you want to collaborate?"

She nodded enthusiastically. So he flipped through his notebook and
showed her some of his notes he had pieced together. She giggled at his
sketches, and asked him if Harry had really caught blue pox while at
Hogwarts and if Harry was really in love a werewolf 'princess' (her
somewhat convoluted interpretation of the Head Alpha's daughter). Then,
perhaps feeling it was only fair to share something of her own in this
'collaboration', she leaned over to one side and picked up a little
white child's purse. She opened it and pulled out a rather large letter
from the little pouch and showed it to him.

"This is a letter from Harry. We had to go to our cousin Becky's
birthday party -only she's not *really* our cousin- and Morgana wanted
to show it off because Becky said she didn't believe us when we told her
Harry was our friend but dad wouldn't let her. He said it would be
unfair to Becky to show off at her party, but she's always nasty to us
so I don't know why we should be nice to her."

"I guess if your cousin is nasty, he doesn't want a daughter like her."

"Oh. I hadn't thought of it like that. I guess I wouldn't want a kid
like her either."

He nodded sagely in agreement.

They turned their attention to the letter. Alyssa pulled the letter out
of its envelope and showed it to him, and the first thing that caught
Horace's attention was the highly detailed pictures of the Great Hall at
Hogwarts drawn at the bottom of the letter and up along the sides. It
appeared to be the Welcoming Feast, with all its traditional pageantry
and crowded to the brim with teachers and students. It was not a fully
enchanted picture, but the little pencil lined people *did* seem to
moving a little form side to side in some places and the House Banners
flapped slowly in the air while the floating candles bobbed up and down.
In the top right corner was another sketch, this one of Inana coiled up
in a flower bed, her forked tongue peeking out every so often.

Just as he was about to turn to his attention to the actual text itself,
the letter was suddenly snatched from his hand. Alyssa's dad was now
standing at the booth with her sister held firmly at his side by her
upper arm and looking just as sulky as before. The elder wizard was
looking at him like he was guilty of some crime Horace could only guess
at.

"Who are you?" he demanded.

Before he could speak, Alyssa answered for him.

"This is Horace. He's one of Harry's friends from school. He's going to
be Harry's biographer!"

Rather than reassuring her dad, it only seemed to condemn Horace in the
other's eyes.

"His *biographer*? More likely a reporter for some rag paper. Come on
Alyssa, we're leaving."

"But *Dad!*"

"One more word and I'm casting a Silencio! I've had enough out of the
both of you for today."

Reluctantly, Alyssa gathered up her cloak and purse and climbed out of
the booth to stand by her sister, who was glowering at the floor and
shunning the world at large. Before they left, however, the man turned
to spare him one last venomous glare.

"As for you, you ought to be ashamed of yourself. Exploiting a little
girl like that the moment she's alone and vulnerable! Like some sort
of..."

Whatever he was going to accuse Horace of being like, he made a quick
glance at his daughters and seemed to think better of it. He turned on
his heel and marched towards the bar to settle his bill instead of
waiting for a waitress, leaving Horace sitting there stupidly for a
moment. He wasn't entirely sure what had just happened. Had he done
something wrong? Sometimes he didn't know, but Hagrid and Charlie had
never been as cross with him as Alyssa's dad had been. Maybe it was a
mistake?

He thought that must be the case. The man had called him a reporter,
which must have been the source of the upset. He had been a school
reporter, but honestly hadn't seen the appeal of it as a career outside
of Hogwarts. Nobody liked reporters. Even he didn't like reporters.

"Hey, you okay?"

He looked up to find Charlie looking down at him, worried and a little
angry. At him or for him?

"There was a misunderstanding," Horace said.

"Yeah, entirely on that guy's side. What a jerk."

Horace shrugged. Maybe. Maybe not. He didn't think it would have been
good to have just made friends with Alyssa and then turn around and
insult her dad. He didn't want to be like cousin Becky. That thought
made him smile, which seemed to confuse Charlie.

"Is the meeting over?" Horace asked, changing the subject.

"Almost. Looks good. He's sending us home with some paperwork to go over
and sign, and then there are few editing decisions we'll have to go over
with Hagrid."

Horace nodded and climbed of the booth, but as he did he noticed the
envelope Alyssa had left in her rush to obey her dad. There was
something written on it.

*Harry Potter*

*Snape Cottage*

*Longhill Rd*

*Elvenshire, Bracknell Forest*

* * * * *

Lestrange thought she would happily travel to France just to get a
little sun. Even in Bristol, one of the warmest and sunniest cities in
England, the weather was gloomy and chill. The dementors that had been
patrolling just off the coast had been recalled to Azkaban, and it was
hoped that the unusually harsh winter weather would see an improvement
soon. Soon, but not just yet.

Her uniform, flattering though it was on her, was not as warm as she
would have liked. She felt a spike of jealousy as she recalled Potter's
uniform, which had a cloak lined in heavy fur. No other uniforms among
the Culties were similarly insulated. *A perk of being Lord
Voldemort's*favorite, she thought bitterly, then quickly pushed the
thought aside. Whether Potter was her lord's favorite or not was none of
her concern. As her Master had said before, Potter served his purpose
and served it well despite the occasional mishap or detour. She could do
no less than him.

Indeed, she was highly qualified to do considerably *more.*

For instance, she could deal with Captain Reginald Stratus and his
increasingly questionable loyalty to his country. Perhaps her Master
would gift *her* with a fur cloak after she uncovered his treason.

A woman could hope.

"He's a manipulative little bastard. I don't know how Lucius could have
trusted him... well, except that he supposedly went crazy. *Convenient*
that," she said, her bland tone taking away the bite of her hatred for
the man. She didn't want Amelon to think she had anything *personal*
against Stratus. The inquisitor nodded, possibly in agreement or
possible in acknowledgment. She couldn't really tell with him.

They were out in London, making their way from the military floo station
towards the Thames where a ferry was waiting to carry her and various
other Court officials to Paris. She tightened her cloak around her.
London was considerably cooler than Bristol, and a heavy fog lay over
the city even as it began approaching noon and dampened her clothes.
Beside her, Amelon blew warm air into his cupped hands before taking up
his notepad and quill from under his arm again.

This was the third encounter with the man she'd had in two days, and she
still couldn't tell what he thought of her suspicions against Stratus.
He appeared to be checking up on the few details she knew regarding
Stratus' employment to Lucius and his military career prior to that,
asking follow up questions at their next meetings and making additional
requests to classified personnel records and mission reports, but he may
have just as easily been checking up on other suspects or even herself.
He was a slippery fish.

She respected him for that.

"But you've still decided to go to France and leave him unsupervised?"
he asked.

"I don't have a choice. I can't send a man I don't trust to France,
where he could cause unspeakable mischief, and I need the Dark Lord's
approval before I start cleaning house. Stratus' war hero status
prevents me from dismissing him or any of his people outright."

They turned down a narrow alley which twisted curiously so that after a
time it seemed they were going into a spiral and getting no closer to
their destination. The effect was intentional. The ferry and its
necessary docking station were relatively new additions to Wizarding
London, and not ones advertised to the public for security reasons. It
was not blocked off from the public strictly speaking, but there were a
number of minor hurtles, such as the crooked alley, that discouraged the
casually curious from seeking it out.

The fog was lighter here, but the air was still damp. A peculiar rotting
scent followed in after them, although the alleyway was empty of trash.

"Do you think he will try anything?" Amelon asked.

"Undoubtedly. He knows why I'm going. If he's smart, he'll try to weasel
his way into the good graces of one of my rivals. If he's a fool, he'll
try to sabotage me."

"Or kill you. If what you suspect is true, he isn't above murder."

"Then he would be *exceptionally* stupid," she said and spun sharply,
her wand slipping from her sleeve and into her hand. "*Aperio!*"

The revealing spell expanded in a colorless bubble from her wand,
distorted their vision of the alley as it expanded to fill the narrow
space before suddenly bursting harmlessly. The alley appeared just as it
had before, but for the black shadow now outlined on the wall. The
shadow was roughly the size and silhouette of a komodo dragon, but
completely flat. It let out a savage hiss, before scurrying up the alley
wall.

"Quickly! Stop it! *Stupefy!*"

The shadow ducked back down, dodging her spell and scurried in another
direction.

"*Claustra incedio!*"

The sky above the alley suddenly burst into flames, blocking the
creature's escape upward. It let out another hiss and scurried quickly
back down the wall, dodging several of Lestrange's spells at it went. It
was incredibly fast and impossible to predict which way it would turn
next. It made one more attempt to flee in the opposite direction of the
alley, but after dodging yet another stunning spell from Lestrange, it
suddenly turned and charged towards them. This time Amelon joined her in
casting the Stunning hex, but the creature was like smoke and every
attempt to hit it seemed to push it to the side rather than penetrate.

Then it was on them and too late to do anything. It leaped from the wall
and straight for Lestrange, seizing her arm without seeming to open its
mouth, its body still strangely two-dimensional, like a flag flapping
the wind. Lestrange screamed more in anger than in pain, and unable to
cast another curse while it held her wand arm in its grip, she pulled a
dagger from her holster and stabbed at it. It squirmed and twisted away
from her blade, but it was too close to evade her for more than a second
or two before the blade struck *something*. It hissed and released her,
dropping to the alley floor and scurrying away. This time they let it.

"*Merlin, fuck me, god damn!*" Lestrange swore, dropping the knife in
favor of gripping her wounded arm to slow the flow of blood. Amelon
continued to stare after the creature for a little longer, as if making
sure it was really gone before turning to her.

"How badly are you injured?" he asked. He reached for her, but she
snarled at him like a wounded animal.

"Leave it be! It'll be fine. It's not venomous."

Amelon stared at her.

"You know what that thing was?"

"It's an anthifold. Think zombie lethifold," she said.

He continued to stare at her blankly.

"The Dark Lord used to use them for reconnaissance work. They're quick
but relatively harmless."

"Seemed dangerous enough," he said, glancing at her wound pointedly. She
smirked at him.

"The arm is still there, isn't it?"

He smiled at that and nodded in acknowledgment.

"Nevertheless, we should get you to a healer."

"No. The ferry won't wait, and I can't afford not to be on it," she said
and continued onward. After a moment's hesitation, he followed after
her.

"An anthifold, you said. Don't think I've heard of them before. They're
not used by the Court anymore are they?"

"They were never used by the court," she said. "They weren't even used
by the Death Eaters strictly speaking. They're created through
necromancy, and we only ever had one necromancer in our army."

"Lord Voldemort."

"Yes."

"So he's spying on you now?"

"No."

"But-"

"He knows better than to use something like that against me. I know
their smell. I know their tricks. Whoever sent that thing didn't know I
knew this."

"Stratus?"

Lestrange hesitated. Considered.

"If he did, he would have to be a necromancer himself."

"... That's rare."

"Not something easily hidden either. He's clever, but I don't know if
he's *that* clever. It could just as easily have been sent by the
Germans or some other nation. Lord Voldemort will have to be informed
immediately."

They continued onward silently, their eyes darting about the alleyway
for some sign of danger. Nothing sprang out at them. No anthifold or any
other assailant appeared. The alley finally opened out into a large
dockyard, bustling with activity. The fog here had been dispersed by
enchantments for safety as large pieces of cargo were levitated on and
off the sole vessel stationed there. Passengers were restricted to a
narrow stretch of the dock were they could be lined up to go through
security, before handing off their luggage to Culties who would stow
their belongings (after checking them for suspicious items and
contraband), then pass along to an even narrower ramp that led them on
board.

The ferry itself was a handsome vessel, moderately sized with an upper
deck that could comfortably hold five hundred (far more people than will
ever likely need to cross into France at one time short of a national
evacuation) and a lower cargo hold with a handful of private cabins for
the crew and traveling diplomats and enough storage to haul half the
goods in Diagon Alley. It was made of wood, Dwarven copper that wouldn't
oxidize for at least a century, and brass. It was also painted black, a
tradition amongst wizarding ships, to hide the runes painted beneath to
protect it against storms and sea monsters (and more recently, sonar and
satellites). *The Albatross* was painted in gold letters on its side.

"Are you sure you don't want to go to a Healer first?" Amelon said.
"It'll be back for another trip this evening."

"There will be plenty of Healers in France. Lord Voldemort must be
informed of what happened as soon as possible. It could be a matter of
national security."

Amelon nodded.

"I respect your patriotism, General Lestrange. I wish you the best of
luck."

"You as well, Inquisitor Amelon. I hope you catch the bastard that
killed my brother-in-law."

"And Crouch," Amelon reminded her.

"I don't give a flying fuck about Crouch," she replied with a smirk, and
made her way towards the line of passengers shuffling through security.
He watched her go, smiling curiously. *What a strange woman,* he thought
to himself.

He seriously hoped he wasn't going to have to arrest her for treason.

* * * * *

*The Albatross*, while boasting more than enough passenger space for
their small group, lacked anything resembling privacy outside of the
loo. The passenger cabin was an open floor plan with rows of low-backed
chairs facing each other and the passenger deck was completely empty
except for the charmed life preservers mounted along the guardrails. It
meant when Bellatrix Lestrange boarded the ferry, Harry and Snape
spotted her almost immediately.

"Yech," Harry said.

"Quite," Snape agreed.

"She looks like she's been in a fight. She's bleeding."

"Then if we sink we'll know who the sharks will go to first and swim in
the opposite direction."

"*Professor!*" Harry cried, going for scandalized but coming out
delighted.

"A man can always dream, Potter."

* * * * *

Word of his people arrival from London reached Voldemort at a quarter to
six that evening while he was reviewing the files Morgan had dug up on
the German diplomats who would be there for the negotiations. It was
informative and important but also tedious, and he was happy to have an
excuse to do something else. One of his aides gave him a list of those
who had arrived, and he was pleased to find all the necessary players
were present and accounted for. The negotiations had been delayed long
enough. The Germans were becoming restless, and so was he. Tomorrow, the
day after at the latest, they would start. He called on his aides and
had a series of instructions written for various members of his
entourage, then set off to speak with some of them in person.

Harry was first. He would have preferred he be last so that he could
spend as much time as he wanted with his protégé, but that wasn't an
indulgence he could afford at the moment. There was far too much to do,
and even working through the night he would be hard pressed to have
everything completed in time.

He found Harry in his room, collapsed in a chair while Victoria unpacked
his suitcase and gossiped at him. He knocked at the door to draw their
attention, and the maid servant immediately dropped into a low curtsey.
Harry just offered him a tired smile.

"Hey."

Voldemort smirked at him.

"Eloquent as always," he said, then turned to Victoria. "Leave us."

She bobbed another curtsey and hurried out of the room, closing the door
behind her.

"Long trip?" Voldemort asked.

"Long day. We went to see Draco before we left today. He's... not well."

Voldemort honestly didn't care. If young Malfoy grew to be half the man
his father was, then he would be more than happy to invite him into his
inner circle, but it was still too soon to tell if he was worthy of that
privilege or not. In the meantime, the boy still had his mother and
godfather to look after his well-being and wasn't his concern.

"He's also not your responsibility. Your responsibilities are here in
Bourges," he reminded Harry.

His protégé sighed and nodded.

"And what precisely do my responsibilities involve? The only official
title I hold is Ambassador to the Werewolves."

"Which would be enough all its own to assure your place here. The
Germans have attacked our werewolf citizens and must pay restitution.
Then there is the matter of those werewolves still being held in Germany
itself. We must decide what is to be done with them."

That seemed to catch Harry's interest. He sat up in his chair, and his
tired expression hardened. Voldemort smiled. He knew that expression
well. It meant Harry was going to be difficult. Hopefully, it meant he
was going to be difficult with the Germans. That could prove infinitely
entertaining. Perhaps even useful.

"Then there are other matters in which you may prove quite useful while
you are here," he continued.

"Such as?" Harry asked, already suspicious.

"The Royal Family will be in Bourges for the negotiations, and that
means most of the Royal Court and a number of Parliament will be
accompanying them. There will be various functions to keep them
entertained, and that means there will be opportunities for our people
to mingle. I need you to be at your most charming."

Harry looked at him blankly.

"And how do I do that?"

Voldemort considered.

"You flirt for one thing. Every woman between the ages of eleven and one
hundred and eleven likes to be flirted with, but never let it become
vulgar or lead anyone on. Even if they want you to. For the men, show
interest in their pastimes, particularly sports. These will mostly be
men of leisure, and their sports are very important to them. When you do
participate in said sports; lose. Not badly. Perhaps not even all the
time. But lose. Nobody likes an amateur showing off, and you're young
enough that allowing them to mentor you in some way will be flattering.
And of course, you must show an interest in France and French culture
itself. The Queen has already offered a tutor during your stay, which
you will accept."

Harry didn't look enthusiastic, but he didn't argue which was something.
Voldemort decided not mention the tour of France he had planned for him
after the negotiations were over. His protégé was quite popular in
France, and he wasn't above exploiting that to improve their
international relations. And Harry could use the practice. Hogwarts was
an excellent school, but it did not provide the sort of social education
Harry would need. He would wait until the negotiations were over to
bring it up. If he were lucky, his protégé would make enough friendly
acquaintances that he might want to stay for a while of his own accord.
Otherwise, it was simply better to avoid an argument for a long as
possible. Given enough time, Harry could, potentially, weasel his way
out of it.

"I will have your itinerary delivered to Victoria. You will be very
busy, so I recommend you get some rest."

Harry smiled tiredly.

"No argument here. I'll eat in my room tonight and go to bed."

"Then I will leave you to it. Don't hesitate to ask Victoria for
anything. That's why I brought her, after all. We will talk more
tomorrow."

"Alright. Goodnight."

"Goodnight."

Victoria was waiting patiently outside the door as he exited. He closed
the door to the suite and addressed her directly.

"Morgan has informed you of your purpose?" he asked.

"Yes, my Lord."

"Are you up to it?"

"I will not fail, my Lord."

He didn't reply. There was no need to threaten Victoria. She knew him
well enough to know what he would do if she failed to protect his
protégé. Instead he walked away. Snape's room was right next door to
Harry's, but he was in no hurry to see the man. Private business could
wait until later. He intended to meet with Rutherford Gillen, the Head
of the Court Treasury Department, but was intercepted along the way by
one of his aides with note from Morgan.

He read it and continued on, turning down another palace corridor to
another set of suites. He entered a room without knocking and found
Morgan and Lestrange waiting for him. Lestrange looked exhausted, but
she rose from her chair immediately and bowed respectfully. He stared at
her.

"You are injured."

"The wound is minor, but what it might mean is serious. I came as
quickly as I could."

Voldemort nodded in approval. Lestrange had always known what her
priorities should be. Morgan moved to stand near the door. She told them
what had happened in the London alleyway. About her discussion with
Amelon, her suspicions of Stratus, the discovery and subsequent attack
by the anthifold, and her journey to Bourges. He waited patiently for
her to finish, and then nodded. He turned to Morgan.

"Summon a healer to attend to the general. Be discreet," he ordered, and
Morgan wordlessly left the room.

Once alone, he crossed the short distance between them and placed his
hands on her shoulders in sudden display of intimacy. She inhaled
sharply, her eyes widening, her cheeks flushing.

"M-my Lord?"

"Thank you, Bella, for coming to me directly. Your loyalty is a source
of great comfort to me. If I could trust even a tenth of my people as
much as I trust you, the Court would run itself," he said, staring down
at her warmly.

"I... I am only doing m-my duty, My Lord."

"Which I have always been able to rely on. If I have ever seemed
unappreciative of that fact, I apologize."

She looked stunned and flattered and perhaps a little suspicious. He was
not generous with his praises, and this likely seemed a little over the
top. Which it was. Not that he didn't appreciate her loyalty, but he was
hardly going to fall head over heels in love with her because of it.

"I will have the matter investigated. Stratus, of course, will receive
extra attention. Whatever we find, you will not have to keep him on as
your direct subordinate. He and your honor guard will be reassigned
laterally and separately, and you will have your pick of the ranks to
replace them."

That *did* please her. The Dark Lord didn't give gifts, but he was
generous with his rewards. And to be given precisely what she had come
there to get made this Christmas.

"Thank you, my Lord."

"I am afraid I cannot spend much time on this matter personally at the
moment, but Morgan will keep me apprised of the situation. In the
meantime, I want you to let the healer attend to you and then rest. I
will want you with me at the negotiations tomorrow."

"As you command, my Lord," she said, practically glowing.

He kissed her lightly on the forehead, bid her goodnight, and left.
Outside of her presence, his expression darkened. The presence of the
anthifold could mean any number of things, but he suspected he knew the
culprit already. Necromancers were rare after all, and of the handful in
Europe he could think of none that would go out of their way to spy upon
Lestrange. It was possible a necromancer could have been bribed by a
local government, but unlikely. That left only one real possibility.

Tom.

He had been unaccounted for over two years. He had always known it was
just a matter of time before he resurfaced, but he had become
complacent. There were so many other things demanding his immediate
attention he hadn't spared much thought to when or how his counterpart
might return. Had Tom recouped enough to finally make his move against
him? Or was this merely one of a string of maneuvers in a grander scheme
that he had overlooked? And why Lestrange?

Was it possible Reginald Stratus was somehow involved as Lestrange
theorized? A conspirator or a patsy? Could Tom have been involved in
Lucius and Bartemius' deaths? The possibility hadn't occurred to him
before, but now that it had it didn't seem the least bit implausible.
But what would his motivation be? Revenge? An attempt to remove some of
his closest supporters? Had Harry's fall that night truly been caused by
the manor defenses or was it another possible act of sabotage by Tom
himself?

He knew too little to make any sort of supposition, and yet he was
suddenly uneasy. If his counterpart were active, it was perfectly
plausible that he could infiltrate the Court and his inner circle. His
interrogation of Horace McGunny had revealed Tom's ability to move from
body to body. But if Tom got that close, wouldn't he have been able to
sense him? He had always been able to before, but...

He wasn't the same as he was before.

Harry had...*fixed* him. The horcruxes were no longer pieces of himself.
He was not longer missing any pieces in his soul. He was whole unto
himself. It was possible he wouldn't even be able to sense horcruxes
anymore. At least, not as he used to.

"Well, bother," he muttered to himself. "And things were going so well."