# Off Guard Moments

Harry sat on the wall and stared into the forest, heedless of the wind
and the cold. The blood magic imbued in the mortar of the wall felt hot
against his legs, but he was so full of magic, most of it not his own,
he hardly felt it. So full of magic, he felt empty of anything else. For
once his heart was quiet. No fears, no longings, no hopes, no anything.
Just a great hollowness that would be terrible if he had any horror left
to spare it.

"It will pass," Luna said. She was sitting beside him, facing the
opposite direction, and occupying herself with braiding a rope of some
kind. She hadn't left his side since he woke up, and yet whatever it was
she was doing it didn't feel like hovering. He wasn't entirely sure he
hadn't been following *her* all morning.

"I feel..."

"I know."

"Is this what it was like for you when the goddess left you?"

"It is what it was like when the goddess was a part of me."

"How can one feel so full of something and yet so empty at the same
time?"

"You are not empty, just overwhelmed."

Harry thought on that for a moment, but the thought led nowhere. Before
him the forest was a study in gray. The sky was gray, the barren trees
were gray, and even the snow was now a dirty gray slush. The world had
been bleached of color, and his mind felt starved from the lack of
variety. He turned to Luna, seeking out the corn-silk yellow of her hair
and the rosy stain of her wind-bitten cheeks.

"I will have to trust you on that."

She looked up from her rope and stared back at him.

"And do you trust me, Harry?"

He blinked at the intensity of her gaze and finally felt the first
stirrings of... *something*. Something that wasn't magic. Or at least a
different kind.

"I... no. I'm sorry."

She leaned towards him until her arm pressed against his and her head
rested on his shoulder. He brushed her hair lightly with his left hand,
the formerly blackened limb now molted with purple and blue bruises. It
looked even worse than before it had been bled, but the pain had faded
to a dull ache he could push to the back of his mind. Now he could run
his fingers through her hair and feel the beads and feathers and the odd
twig or bur buried in it.

"It's alright. I'm sorry that I am not trustworthy."

He sighed.

"Do you think there could ever be peace and trust between us? Could we
find some sort of compromise between your love for me and your loyalty
to your father and for my love for you and my loyalty to my godfather?"

"I do not understand why there has not been peace already," she said, a
hint of accusation in her voice. "The war is over, our pack was avenged
in Berlin. The only problem now is that Blackbone refuses to make the
appropriate offerings to the dead."

The emotional numbness of moments before suddenly sharpened into
irritation.

"Oh, is that the *only* problem?" he said bitingly.

He couldn't see her face, but the hesitation before she spoke made him
think she was at least a little contrite.

"Greyback is a god to our pack. He looks after our dead and avenged
their deaths. He deserves our love and respect."

"Alright, I'll go along with that. But in looking after the dead he
messed with the lives of the living. I nearly *died,* Luna. Some of our
brothers did die, and all of us would have died if Voldemort hadn't come
to rescue us. Looking after the dead doesn't give him the right to treat
the living like they're expendable."

Luna remained silent for a long time after that. He wasn't so foolish as
to believe he had convinced her with his argument. He had been brushed
by the divine time and again and that had left its mark on his magic and
his thinking, but he had never been influenced to the extent that Luna
had. He couldn't even begin to guess where her thoughts were leading
her.

"We all eventually die, Harry. We will all be a part of my father's
court. Even your godfathers must bow down to him eventually."

"But Luna, the dead and the living are different. They have different
needs. Greyback *can't*rule both, and Blackbone won't willingly play the
puppet king for him. There has to be boundaries."

"Boundaries?" She lifted her head to look him in the eye, her expression
disbelieving. "Where do you draw the line between what was and what is?
Between the magical and the mundane and the divine? How could you... can
any of us, make that distinction? And if we did, would the world be any
better for it?"

He closed his eyes and ran his bruised hand through his hair,
frustration mounting. It wasn't the first emotion he would have chosen
to have, but it was something. As difficult as this conversation was, he
was relieved he was beginning to feel human once again.

"You're a shaman. You know there are boundaries. You spend much of your
time crossing them or tearing them down, but you can't ignore them.
They're not absolute or infallible, but they are there for a reason. If
there is to be that peace and trust between our families we want, we
have to decide where those boundaries lay and respect them."

She looked away.

"Then we will never know peace. My father won't compromise. Blackbone
won't compromise."

Harry smiled, despite the grimness of her words. Luna was one of the
wisest people he knew, but she had something of blind spot when it came
to Sirius. Perhaps it was fear or resentment, but whatever the case she
seemed to have it in her head that Sirius was some sort of unmovable
object she could only ever work around and never with. Likewise,
Greyback was difficult, but even he wasn't entirely unreasonable.

"It doesn't hurt to try," he said.

She smiled at that, as if he had told some sort of joke.

"Okay, that was a little trite. Perhaps it's better say 'it's worth the
effort'."

"Ah, yes. That is better," she agreed. "You are most remarkable when you
are trying. Or most trying when you are being remarkable. I forget
which."

He barked out a laugh and felt magic inside of him stir, like silt
disturbed from the bottom of a lake. There was a strangely weightless
feeling as he felt his own magic and thoughts rising to the surface,
shaking off the shock even as his limbs began to tremble. His laugh took
on a hysterical edge as realization settled in. He had nearly died
again. Again. Always so close. At the other side of things he had nearly
been made immortal, made in the image of his mentor, the Dark Lord,
through blood. Like some sort of vampire. Only not a vampire. Just as he
was not a werewolf and could never truly become a werewolf, and yet was
still a part of their story. A story that was becoming difficult to
follow even as he felt it tighten its hold on him. Different stories
told by different gods, ending in different places he couldn't yet see.

Here he was discussing the future of the werewolves in Britain in terms
of both the living and the dead, self-appointed champion to stand
between the Head Alpha and a spurned devil of a god, while at any moment
the Dark Lord might summon him across the ocean to play some undefined
role as either peacemaker or warrior or both. The last visages of his
childhood had crumbled with the walls of Hogwarts before he was ready or
particularly willing, his companions scattered and dealing with their
own crises. The sanctuaries he had found among his godfathers and
friends had become new battlefields, and he could see no place of
respite.

At some point his laughter had turned to gasps for air, a panic attack
squeezing his lungs while his heart tried to kick free of his chest.
Dying all over again, and he thought he would be used to it by now but
it was as terrifying as ever. He lost his balance and fell.

Luna seized him, her bird thin arms deceptively strong as she held him,
pulling her to him. He continued to panic and flail, breathing made that
much more impossible as she forced his head into her fur cloaked
shoulder. He nearly unseated them both from the wall, but her legs came
up and wrapped around him, pinning his arms to his side. Smaller though
she was, she managed to hold him and draw him tighter into her. There
was magic in there, distinctly Luna's with a touch of power from
something *other.*There was no escaping from her, if escape was what he
wanted. It seemed for a time she had the power to crush him into some
tiny thing and bury him beneath her ribs and her heart.

"There," she said. "It has passed."

Darkness seeped into his vision, and his limbs became leaden and
immovable. The panic of suffocation had finally given way to
resignation, and in the following stillness he could hear not only his
heart but another slower, discordant beat distantly. His mind
surrendered to the inevitability of it, followed shortly by his heart,
and as it did he felt an overwhelming sense of calm wrapped in Luna's
arms.

Beat by beat, his heart began to ease until the distant thumping he
heard became a perfect, synchronized echo.

* * * * *

At a quarter to one, Hermione slipped out of bed. She pulled her wand
from its hiding place between her mattresses, slipped Enid's cross from
the window latch, and made her way downstairs. Her slippered feet made
hardly a sound as she passed through the corridors. She could hear
footsteps and muted voices from some of the rooms, but most were dark
and quiet. Nervously, she continued on to the ground floor and peeked
into the reception area. It was empty. Doreen was supposed to be manning
the desk that night, but no one took the job very seriously and
wandering away from the post was more common than not.

She took her cloak from the employee closet and slipped on someone
else's winter boots, then quietly stepped outside. She nearly jumped out
of her skin when she saw she was not alone.

"Merlin, Viktor!" she hissed.

He stood at the bottom of the steps as if he had been expecting her, a
pleased smile on his face.

"I am sorry. I did not mean to frighten you."

He didn't sound or look the least bit sorry.

"What are you doing here?"

"I dought you might come to find me tonight. Ve used to meet after
curfew quite regularly before-"

"I'm not that girl anymore," she said sharply. His smiled faded
slightly.

"And yet here you are."

"To warn you."

"To varn me?"

She steeled herself. She had rehearsed this moment over and over again
since she had first received the flowers. She would be unyielding, cold,
even cruel if she had to be. It was absolutely imperative that he
understand that she had no affection left for him, and whatever he hoped
to achieve by courting her would be futile. Her mental rehearsal had all
seemed very practical and reasonable in her head, but now that he was
there...

It hadn't occurred to her how lonely she had been until now. She had
Enid, of course, and that helped, but the other girl didn't really know
her or where she came from. Viktor had betrayed her, knew her, and
probably loved her. She could stand on these steps and reminisce for
hours on end about what had happened since they parted, and he would
understand and care and enjoy her company.

The temptation to do just that was overwhelming. The only thing stopping
her was fear. If she let herself, she would fall in love with him again.
It would be the easiest thing in the world. It would inevitably kill her
one way or another.

"Stay away from me, Viktor."

"I'm sorry, but I don't dink I can."

Her hand tightened around her wand, and she stomped down the steps
towards him. His eyes widened, and he took several steps back until she
had nearly driven him across the street. Even then she did not stop and
suddenly grabbed him by his coat and pulled him all the way to the end
of the street. He could have stopped her if he wanted. Even if he hadn't
been a vampire, she was barely two-thirds his size and no athlete, but
he was so stunned by her assertiveness he couldn't help but follow. When
she was satisfied she was far enough away from the hotel that no one
would hear her and come to investigate, she whirled on him.

"That wasn't a *suggestion*, Viktor. You *will* stay away from me."

"You are threatening me?" He seemed amused by this, and Hermione felt a
surge of genuine anger towards him. He startled her as he suddenly
stepped closer, crowding her so that their noses were practically
touching, and she could see the amber hue of his eyes in the
streetlight. "How can you threaten me ven it is you who is so obviously
afraid?"

His hand reached for her, and for a moment she thought he meant to
caress her face, but his fingers found the cross dangling from her neck
instead. The skin of his fingertips blistered and blackened where they
brushed the tiny piece of silver, only to turn pink and then white again
seconds after he pulled them away. She raised her wand, but he caught
her wrist before she could point it.

Her heart was suddenly pounding wildly in her chest, and she knew he
must hear it too. Hear it. Smell it. Taste it. He was right. She was
terrified of him. Only she hadn't known it until then. Her thoughts
scattered in panic, and she tried to grasp hold of them, to at least one
of them. The only one she seemed to have any success in keeping was a
question.

*What would Harry do in this situation?*

Viktor was staring down at her patiently, his ice-cold thumb now making
gentle circles along the veins of her wrist. Waiting. Waiting for what?
Her surrender? Her acceptance of her helplessness? Anger mixed with
fear.

*What would Harry do?*

He would attack. Recklessly, fiercely, unflinching, he would attack and
damn the consequences.

"And are you not afraid of me, Viktor?" she said, her voice sharp and
strained against breaking. He blinked at her, confused and suddenly
wary. "You would be exceptionally stupid if you weren't."

He had her wand hand in his grip, but she hadn't intended to use her
wand in the first place. She couldn't afford to alert the French
authorities of her location with use of an unregistered wand. It had
been a 'just in case', and she was not totally without magic to defend
herself even without it.

She closed her eyes tightly, focusing on her own innate magic, on
Viktor, on Rue de Lancry, and the little canal it traversed.

And then she apparated.

They reappeared on a walkway at the very edge of the canal. Caughting
him off guard, Hermione managed to pull her hand free and push him with
all her might. He fell backwards, over a chain-link guardrail, and into
the canal. He splashed and struggled until he finally managed to grab
hold of the loose brick lining edge of the waterway. Plenty of time for
Hermione to regain her bearings and aim her wand directly at him.

Viktor glared up at her. In spite of what muggles thought, vampires were
not incapable of crossing moving water. However, that didn't mean they
like it. They couldn't technically drown, having no need to breathe, but
their preternatural bodies lacked buoyancy, and they couldn't swim.
Viktor was no exception. Something Hermione obviously knew. He was
familiar with the place, it wasn't far from Hermione's hotel and
technically still in a 'wizarding' neighborhood and thus well concealed
against muggles under 'notice-me-not' charms. Despite her previous fear,
she had chosen well. If he weren't so peeved at the moment, he would
have been impressed by her resourcefulness.

"I could have apparated you straight into a tree, Viktor," she said
coldly, her wand still pointed at him. "Or a church or a bonfire. So
don't push me. You won't like the results."

Then she was gone again, apparating away and leaving him to pull himself
out of the canal by himself. It was an entirely undignified affair, and
it didn't help that by the time he'd pulled himself sopping wet onto the
walkway, Goethe was there waiting for him.

"Don't worry, my friend, I'm sure she was just playing hard to get. You
know how these English witches are."

"Shut up," he growled, the menacing effect was somewhat dimmed by him
looking like a half-drowned cat.

"The threats of murdering you violently aside, I don't think she was
entirely unreceptive. You might try other courtship techniques. Maybe
you could get a tattoo?"

"I vill throw you in de canal, Goethe. Tie you to a post box and just
throw you in."

"It was only a suggestion."

Cold and disgruntled, Viktor made his way home. He had high hopes for
the evening, but he had botched it up something awful. He had used
intimidation when he should have used sincerity, pushed where he should
have reassured, and mocked were he should have listened. In the end, he
had gotten just what he deserved, but he wasn't giving up just yet.
After all, she could have apparated him into a very painful or dangerous
place, just as she had said, and yet had not. She was giving him a
chance to walk away unscathed, and that bit of generosity spoke of
possibilities. Possibilities of what, he wasn't sure. He had no idea of
what he was doing, but it felt... it felt deliciously human.

"You should know..." Goethe said after they had walked for some time in
silence. "Master Clarión's people are in the area. They have been asking
around about you."

Viktor paused.

"Do dey know about her?"

"I believe it would be dangerous to assume they didn't know anything.
There were witnesses to your little spat at the newspaper stand. There
were the flowers you had delivered. Either would reveal a name or a
place to find her."

Mentally, Viktor cursed himself. How could he have been so careless?
Clarión was looking for an opportunity to either bring him to heel or
kill him, and Hermione was the only weakness he had ever revealed.

"I must distract dem," he said absently.

Goethe nodded.

"And you must watch after Hermione."

Goethe sighed, but nodded once again. Goethe had the makings of a master
vampire, the strength of mind and body, but never the temperament or the
inclination. He was the most logical choice to protect the witch when
Viktor was unable to do so himself.

Although, given that evening's happenings, perhaps protection was
unnecessary.

* * * * *

The first of the German representatives had arrived at the Bourges
Palace that afternoon, and Voldemort was making it a point to ignore
them completely. He had sent back several requests for a private
audience without reply and left instructions to his security that he
should not be disturbed. To that end, he had created the illusion of
being occupied by closeting himself away with Queen Ophelia under the
pretext of making additional preparations.

In truth, they had been discussing very little about the treaty and a
great deal about the upcoming social events of the seasons. Balls and
operas and private soirees and national holiday events. Neither of them
particularly cared for such social events personally, but politically
they were excellent opportunities to introduce well-to-do families into
favorable alliances. The French were not as stringent about blood purity
as the British, but old money was still the best money as far as the
upper crust were concerned, and Voldemort knew the advantages of
introducing new blood to the weakening family lines. Congenial relations
between the gentry of their respective countries could only be to their
advantage.

"Will you invite some of the German Lords and Ladies then?" she asked
idly, reclined in a chaise while the Dark Lord leaned against the frame
of a window. They were in the China Room, surrounded by pristine white
plates and vases and figurines painted with blue ink. Like most
wizarding art, it moved, but the Chinese style had the pictures and text
moving about like water flowing. Ophelia liked this room. It was very
relaxing. But it didn't suit the Dark Lord. His element was fire, and he
stood out as incongruous with the rest of his surroundings.

"It would be a generous gesture," he said. "I'm not sure that I am so
generous or that they are worthy of it."

"It is not generosity if it must be earned first. Besides, you cannot
keep making war on a people you've already conquered. It's bad form."

He smiled, amused despite himself. In fact, he had every intention of
inviting Germans to various events. Just as he had told Morgan, he would
woo a select number of them into an inner circle, and through them
control the country now in his grasp. For now, however, he had to make
them afraid. It was through fear that he would control them. Not through
fear of death, but through fear of losing their positions and their
possessions. He would shake things up and see who and what came loose.
Then when things seemed at their most desperate, he would offer them a
way to save themselves.

It wasn't something he intended to explain to the queen. He had no
intention of demonstrating just how devious and manipulative he could
be, although she more than likely had her suspicions. She was an
intelligent woman after all, and for all her supposed affection for him
she was not as free with her secrets and vulnerabilities as a true lover
should be.

"I will take it under consideration. For now, the injuries made against
my people... I find I cannot easily forgive them."

She sighed and eased back on the chaise, looking for all the world like
a bored goddess in repose. Which was why her next words caught him
completely off guard.

"Is that why you are imposing WYRA and the MCSA on them? To punish
them?"

"I... It is not as simple as all that," he hedged, mentally scrambling
on how to handle this. He had not expected to have to explain his
intentions so soon, and not to Queen Ophelia directly. It was her
practice to send others to broach those topics that might prove
potentially dangerous, feeling him out before deciding whether to bring
up the matter herself or ignore it altogether. That she was doing so
now, before it had even reached the wording of the treaty was
disconcerting.

Would she try to make him omit that demand?

He couldn't do that. It would have made the war almost entirely
pointless. Yet to defy her could prove disastrous. He was still
dependent on her to secure his position on the continent, and they both
knew it.

"Then tell me," she said, still feigning boredom. "I like to think I'm
relatively clever."

He took a deep breath. She was fishing. He would have to pretend he
didn't even see the bait.

"WYRA," he started, "is precautionary only. While I am quite proud of
what has been accomplished with the program back home, I understand it
is not very popular on this side of the channel."

She regarded him politely, offering no opinion of her own.

"I have no intention of implementing it in Germany to the extent it is
in Britain. It'll be more of a dragnet to catch those wishing to avoid
paying their restitution. Adult witches and wizards have the ability to
hide their magical abilities relatively well, but children? They can't
control it. Accidental magic happens all the time, and we can track it
easily enough. Witches and wizards will be less inclined to try to flee
if they know that their own children could give them away at any moment,
and the penalties will be severe. And of course, there is the general
child welfare aspect, which is WYRA's primary function to begin with."

Partially true, and it would be difficult for even Ophelia to discern
where the truth ended and the lie began.

"I see. And the MSCA?"

"That should be obvious," he said impatiently and gave the same reasons
he had given Morgan.

"Very shrewd," she said when he was finished. "But it will be tricky to
maneuver around politically. You are proving the Germans-"

There was a knock on the door.

"Enter," he said, feigning irritation at the interruption but secretly
relieved. One of his aides entered the room, carrying a letter.

"My Lord, you received a letter from Headmaster Snape."

"Give it here then."

The aide handed him the letter, bowed respectfully to them both, and
left.

"Headmaster Snape... isn't that Lord Potter's guardian?"

"Yes, your Highness, although he has been in the hospital since the
attack on the school. Very nasty business."

He opened the envelope and perused its contents quickly, then came to
sit at the other end of the chaise beside Ophelia. He frowned.

"What is it?" she asked. "Has something happened?"

"Nothing like that. It seems the headmaster feels sufficiently recovered
to escort Harry to France in person. They should arrive sometime Monday
afternoon. I do hope the man isn't overexerting himself."

He didn't honestly give a damn whether Snape was overexerting himself
for not. He still hadn't forgiven the man his deceit and wasn't inclined
to do so anytime soon. Yet the letter had discussed the possibility of
making amends. It was presumptuous of the man to approach him so soon,
and yet Voldemort couldn't help but admire the nerve it must have taken.
Snape feared him. He had seen to that. And still he sought him out. Had
his minion ever been that brave before? He didn't think so, but perhaps
he had never been properly motivated. Curiosity, if nothing else,
demanded he discover what he wanted.

It would also save him the nuisance of finding someone else willing to
go into werewolf territory to retrieve his protégé.

"Harry will be reaching his majority this year, won't he?" the queen
asked conversationally, their previous discussion seemingly forgotten.

"Yes, this August, although he still has another year of schooling left.
Why? Are you still entertaining the possibility of an alliance between
him and your niece?"

She graced him with a teasing smile

"Why dear sir, perish the thought. I was rather thinking of stealing the
young man for myself."

* * * * *

"Do you suppose he knew? About the blood, I mean."

Harry looked up from his notes to Bobby, who was perched on the back of
a chair. After his panic attack, Luna had taken him back to the cabin to
rest. Tired and depressed as he usually was after such an event, he had
napped for the rest of the morning with Luna curled up behind him,
absently playing with his hair. He woke up later alone, with only tiny
little braids woven into his hair the only evidence she had been there
at all.

Feeling anxious and yet too tired to venture outside, he attempted to
distract himself with his studies. Bobby had appeared soon after, flying
through a window that opened without being touched. They had not spoken
much. Harry suspected his brother felt guilty about what had happened
during the Animagus lesson, and while he didn't blame the raven, he
wasn't sure how to broach the subject without upsetting him. So he had
said nothing, merely welcomed him with a wane smile and a place to perch
on the back of a nearby chair. No one bothered them for hours.

His studies were a distraction, but his focus was anything but idle
curiosity. Chakra and magical first aid were currently the only books
that could provide even a hint of what precisely had gone wrong with the
tainted blood. There wasn't much useful information, and whatever he
found that was relevant indicated that the sharing of magic, without
some sort of ritual or potion, should have killed him immediately and
not waited over a week to turn maleficent. Admittedly, his books were
not comprehensive and given that even his professional Healers hadn't
warned him of the possibility, he doubted he would find any explanations
on the matter himself. He considered asking Luna, and by extension Jane,
but he couldn't be sure when he would see them next.

"Who? Voldemort? I don't think anyone understood about the blood being
poisonous."

"No, not that. Even I don't believe he thought to hurt you
intentionally. I meant about the blood changing you. Making you... more
like him."

The question caught Harry off guard. He hadn't considered that
possibility, but now that it had been pointed out he couldn't help but
wonder. His relationship with the Dark Lord was complicated. He couldn't
describe it as entirely friendly and certainly not safe, but there were
a definite sense of attachment. Voldemort mentored him in a variety of
educational and magical endeavors, raising Harry up gradually to become
something like an equal. Would it be unreasonable to assume he wouldn't
try to 'improve' him physically as well as magically and intellectually?
The Dark Lord was nearly immortal after all, and that must be a very
lonely prospect even for one such as him.

"...Maybe. I don't think he would see anything wrong with trying."

Bobby puffed his feathers in indignation. Harry had a more philosophical
view on the matter.

"I messed with his soul, brother."

"What soul?" the raven huffed. Harry continued as if he hadn't heard
him.

"It'd be a little tit-for-tat, on his part."

The feathers settled, but there was nothing relaxed about Bobby as he
studied the young wizard intently.

"It doesn't bother you? What he did?"

"I don't know that he did anything intentionally. I'd be bothered more
if he had done it knowingly and specifically to change me, but I don't
think that's what happened. We were in the middle of a battle. I had
nearly died several times already before he found me. We both took a
risk and lived to tell the tale. Might it have occurred to him that
there would be... side effects? I don't know. I think he would have
taken more precautions, but who's to say?"

Bobby said nothing to this. Harry waited, but the raven remained mute
and motionless, and eventually Harry turned his attention back to his
studies. They didn't speak for nearly hour, but he could feel his
companion's unwavering stare on him the entire time even without
looking. Finally, Bobby spoke again, and this time Harry wasn't
surprised by the question at all.

"Do you want to be immortal?"

Harry smiled, but didn't look up.

"I don't *want* to be immortal. I don't want to *not* be immortal. I
don't want to waste time striving for something I'll never have or
resent it if it's forced upon me. Let's be honest, whether I become
immortal or not probably won't be decided entirely by me. I figure,
whatever happens, I'll just roll with it."

Bobby blinked at him, tilted his head curiously and said, "That's all
very zen, Harry, but let's see how well that philosophy holds up when
you're reincarnated as a tortoise."

Harry just laughed.

Some time later, after Harry had switched from studying sharing magic to
water-based elemental magics, he was interrupted by a messenger
summoning him to the Head Alpha's meeting place. A little uneasy, he put
his books and notes away hurriedly, put on his heavy Baluvian cloak, and
made his way to the clearing. It was still cold and still gray, but the
village lacked the quiet stillness of the wall. There were too many
people milling about outside, anxious and clustered together, neglecting
their chores in favor of gossiping. Harry could feel their attention
shift to him as he stepped out into the open. They did not feel hostile,
precisely, but his presence made them alert. Expectant.

He was used to it enough that he could ignore it.

There were more people than usual in the clearing when he arrived as
well. More anxious onlookers, more archers on the roof of the round
house, and several women clustered around a girl a ways off. Harry
recognized Jane, solemn and distant, as several of the women brushed and
braided her hair and sang softly to her. She must have sensed his gaze,
because she turned towards him. He turned away before their eyes could
meet.

The round house's windows had been left open to allow in the sunlight,
and a large fire burned hotly in the fire pit to drive out the cold
winter wind. Sirius circled the room like a caged beast, trapped and
brooding. Remus had planted himself out of the way at a low table, where
he was setting out a rather formal-looking collection of parchment,
quills, ink pots, pen knife, red wax, pencils, ruler, brushes, and
various other supplies that suggested he was about to draft something
very official.

His godfathers stopped what they were doing to provide him their full
attention.

"Prongslet," Sirius said first.

"How are you feeling?" Remus followed.

"I am well. Tired, but well."

"Are you warm enough? Blood loss is said to make people sensitive to the
cold."

"Warm enough, Remus. You don't have to worry about me."

The beta gave him a rueful look, and Harry gave a helpless shrug.

"Alright, you've mothered him enough, Moony. We don't have time to dance
around it," Sirius said, agitated but not harsh. He was studying Harry
anxiously himself, looking for any sign of weakness or discomfort. For
all that he complained of Remus' worrisome ways, the alpha could be even
worse. "I'm sending you back."

"Back? Back where?" he asked confusedly. Back to the campsite? Back to
Hogwarts? Snape Cottage? A hospital?

"Back to wherever you like, but you can't stay here. Not until the
matter is settled."

"Siri, stop being intentionally vague," Remus chided, then explained.
"We're trying to make a negotiation with Jane. After what happened...
there are debts that must be paid."

Harry closed his eyes and nodded. He had expected this. Jane and Luna
had been living precariously at the edge of the pack, but when Sirius
had summoned them to save Harry he had unwillingly brought them back
into the fold, imbuing them once again with certain rights and
responsibilities. Harry had known this instinctively when he had woken
to find them all sharing a bed together and became increasingly
conscious of it when no one objected to Luna and him spending the
morning alone atop the wall. Still, that didn't explain why he was being
sent away, and he said as much.

"They cannot know how much I care for you," Sirius explained. "It will
make Jane's rescue that much more significant, and tip the scale even
more in her favor."

Harry felt suddenly comfortable.

"Ah... Padfoot? I don't think... well, that matter of you caring about
me... You weren't exactly subtle."

Even half out of his mind with pain, he had to have been aware of
Sirius' concern for him. Certainly, everyone else would have had to been
aware of it too.

The alpha merely shrugged at this.

"It has never been officially acknowledged. There is a form to such
things. If it isn't acknowledged it cannot be used against me. Not as
easily anyway."

"I don't see how me staying would change anything if that's the case.
You can just continue to pretend not to care."

"But you can't."

"What?"

Sirius stopped pacing and straightened, staring across the fire at him.
His expression wasn't precisely hostile, but there was an intensity in
it Harry wasn't entirely comfortable with either. It told him the Head
Alpha was looking at him and not his godfather.

"You want me to make peace with Jane."

Harry tensed, unsure if he was being accused of something or not.

"I want what is best for the werewolves. All of..." He was about to say
'us', but floundered. He couldn't claim that sort of kinship casually
and certainly not under these circumstances. "All of the werewolves.
Things can't continue as they have."

"You are unbelievably impertinent," Sirius said, without bite. "If you
remain you will insist on putting in your two knuts, even if you have to
undermine me to do it."

"I would not!"

"You might," Remus said gently. "Not intentionally, but you still might.
Especially if you think he's being unreasonable. Or it might work the
other way. You might try to assist Sirius, and in doing so prevent him
from being able to compromise without losing face."

Harry felt stung by the suggestion. He wouldn't undermine Sirius. Did
they really think he had so little self-control? The hurt must have
shown in his expression, because both his godfathers' expressions
changed slightly.

Sirius shook his head. "Don't be like that. You're strong-willed and
opinionated and more clever than I am by half, and I wouldn't have you
any other way. But this has to be between Jane and me. If you stay, you
risk turning a negotiation into a three-way power struggle."

"I don't have that kind of power," he objected. "I'm not here often
enough to hold that kind of influence, and I am not a werewolf or even a
shaman anymore. I can't force anyone's hand, and I wouldn't want to."

Sirius and Remus turned to each other and shared an uneasy look. Harry
felt suddenly queasy.

"I don't, do I?"

"It's complicated," Remus said.

Sirius met his eyes levelly and answered him bluntly.

"You're bloody Merlin."

Harry stared at him blankly.

"Which is just another way of saying you're a living legend," Sirius
clarified and started to pace the room yet again. "I know you don't see
it. The rest of the pack are careful not treat you differently while you
are with us, but when you're gone... You're the subject of fireside
legends and children's bedtime stories. They see your life as one great
adventure after another, and who can blame them? They admire you for
your bravery and your resilience, but they love you for the fact that
despite having the entire world open to you, you choose to call this
place your home and they your brothers where the rest of wizarding kind
sees only a prison and outcasts."

He gaped at him and sat down heavily, his knees suddenly too weak to
support him. He hadn't known. How hadn't he known? If anything, he had
thought most of the pack rather indifferent to him. Well, no, that
wasn't true. He was aware of at least some of the admiration, at least
of the respect no wizard of his age would normally have been granted. It
hadn't seemed as significant as Sirius was implying, but how was he to
know really? Lately, he was increasingly aware of how little he really
saw or understood of them.

"You are source of great pride for all of us, Harry," Remus said. "That
you tied your fate with ours is a great gift."

"Even after...?"

No one had ever blamed him for the Goddess Colony Massacre. Nor the
Battle of the Berlin Underground. That had always struck him as both
strange and tragic. In fact, the most disapproval he ever faced had been
his renunciation of his responsibilities as a shaman, and even that had
dissipated relatively quickly.

"You have suffered for us, Harry, and with us. Whatever trespasses you
feel you've committed were forgiven. Don't misinterpret this. They're
not actually sticking you up on a pedestal to be some sort of god
figure. It's more like... you're a cousin who went on to be a famous
Quidditch star or the Minister of Magic and still comes around for the
holidays."

Harry didn't think anyone thought much of cousins who became Minister of
Magic (when Britain still had one), but he got the gist of what Remus
meant. He wasn't sure it made him feel any better. If anything, it made
him self-conscious. The Goddess Colony had always been considered a
refuge from societal expectations. While he had never deluded himself
into thinking he was treated like any other young werewolf, he hadn't
realized the depth of their regard.

"If I'm so popular, then why pretend you don't like me?"

"You know why," Sirius said. "It was more for the Dark Lord's benefit
than the other werewolves. I'm sure most of them know or suspect the
ruse. But your loyalty to me is a better endorsement than your
affection. That you would support me, who supposedly treats you coldly,
over Jane *despite* your obvious feelings for her disciple, Luna, speaks
of your belief in the righteousness of my decisions."

*That's very Voldemort of you*, Harry was tempted to say, but caught
himself. The manipulation of the other werewolves rankled him,
especially his using him to do it. He wouldn't have thought Sirius
capable of something so Machiavellian if he hadn't just confessed it
himself. Yet who was he to criticize. Hadn't he done worse and for less?
But the bitterness slipped out just the same.

"And you think I've changed my mind? That I'll support Jane instead and
undermine you?"

Sirius snarled something that may or may not have been words and stalked
towards him, and Harry flinched back despite himself and broke eye
contact to stare at the ground. The alpha was often angry, but very
rarely aimed that anger at him directly and even he feared it to an
extent. He flinched again as Sirius stopped in front of him, half
expecting to be grabbed or slapped. But the touch when it came was
gentle, a callused hand run through his hair, mussing the already wild
locks. He closed his eyes and leaned into the touch, into the
reassurance that despite what was being said it wasn't all as broken as
it seemed.

"I've been an awful godfather, Harry. I've said it before, haven't I?
I've dragged you into these situations and burdened you with these
responsibilities, and now you think it's *supposed* to be this way, but
it's not. We've been talking about power struggles and public opinion
like a bunch of bloody politicians, but that's not... I'm not a
politician, and I'm not the Dark Lord. I don't want to *use* you. I
don't want anyone *else*to use you. But I keep doing it anyway, without
even thinking about it until you suffer for it. Remus is right; if you
stay you'll get drawn in one way or other. It doesn't matter how or who
or in what way, you'll still get mixed up in this mess. So I'm sending
you back until it's been sorted. Don't try to change my mind."

The hand withdrew from his hair, and Harry felt simultaneously relieved
and bereft. Sirius had delivered his benediction and absolved him. It
was no longer his cross to bear. And yet... hadn't he told Luna they had
to try? That it was worth the effort? Would he truly go back to the
wizarding world without at least attempting to make some sort of
contribution towards a resolution?

"Okay," he said, slowly rising to his feet. Sirius was behind him, but
he could see Remus who visibly let out a sigh of relief. "But can I at
least give you my opinion before I go? And will you please think about
it before you talk to Jane?"

Remus looked uncertain, but Harry's acquiescence had earned him a little
for himself. The beta brought out parchment and a quill, which stood
upright the moment it touched the paper and moved without assistance
when Harry began to speak. In truth, there was very little Harry had to
say. He related parts of his conversation with Luna, most importantly
the needs of respecting of living and dead and the necessity for
established boundaries that needed to be respected by all.

It was no more than he had said to Luna, and no less than what Luna had
probably related back to Jane.

* * * * *

Harry's departure was without fanfare. Despite his godfather's assertion
of the other werewolves' regard, he saw little evidence of it himself as
he prepared to go. But then, perhaps they didn't realize he was leaving.
Packing the remainder of his belongings into his trunk was the work of
minutes, and after charming his trunk into weightless little box that
fit in his pocket, he left. He had said his goodbyes to his godfathers,
stilted and awkward and unsure if he was supposed to wish them luck or
not. He could not find Luna, and the few people he met along walk to the
boundary did not know where she was. His goodbyes would have to be
related through a brief note he left back at the cabin. It was yet one
more thing that made his leaving feel unsatisfactory.

There was nothing for it.

The sooner he left, the sooner the negotiations could begin. He left
Elsbeth behind so that she could deliver the news of their completion
and when he could return. It could take hours or weeks. There was no way
to tell yet.

The sun was setting as he passed through the boundary wall. He was alone
as he did so, but there was someone waiting for him on the other side he
had not been expecting.

"Professor? What are you doing here?"

Snape stood a short ways from him along the narrow dirt path, a familiar
if ominous figure in his elegant black robes and cane he had acquired at
some point. The man regarded him with consternation, seemingly as
surprised as Harry to have met him there. His black eyes flickered
suspiciously to the wall and the sentries perched atop it, then back to
Harry.

"I have come to fetch you."

"Sirius told you?"

That didn't seem right to Harry. Sirius rarely sent correspondence to
his godson's wizarding guardians unless it was requested first, and
sometimes not even then. Snape in particular was to be avoided above all
others save the Dark Lord himself.

"You are already packed then?" his guardian asked, ignoring his
question. Harry hesitated.

"Password?"

Snape smirked. "Incorrigible."

"Cantankerous," Harry replied, mirroring his expression.

"Good of you to remember at least *some* of the safety protocols."

Harry rolled his eyes and made his way to join the man.

"I'm sixteen, Professor. I think I can make my own way home."

Especially given he had made his own way home from *Germany* years
before.

Snape wasn't in the mood to argue with him. Most of his concentration
seemed to be on the path, little more than a game trail, and keeping his
own footing as he made his way stiffly through the forest. Or perhaps he
simply didn't want any of Sirius' werewolves to overhear them talking.
Harry didn't the force the matter and merely followed after him.
Somewhere along the way, Bobby flew out from amidst the trees to alight
on his shoulder. When the three of them reached the road, they apparated
to the little road that led up to Snape Cottage.

It was already full night there and the road was dark. In the distance,
Harry could see the lights of the little village behind them, but not
the cottage. He cast a Lighting Charm to light their way so Snape could
still lean on his cane.

"What happened to your hand?" the professor asked.

"So Sirius didn't tell you then."

Harry couldn't see the older wizard's expression, but he could still
feel him glaring into the back of his head.

"An answer, if you would."

"It's a long story, but I guess you could say that I'm cured. Even if my
magic is shot all to hell again, and I'll probably need another blood
replenishing potion tomorrow."

There was a snort behind him, but no further questions until they reach
the cottage. Ira was there waiting for them with a hug for Harry, a
gentle scolding for her husband for straining his leg, and a rather
dubious look at Bobby. It struck the Gryffindor as slightly funny,
slightly awkward, and more than a little endearing. He deposited his
trunk in his room, changed clothes (apparently fur and leather didn't
qualify as 'appropriate' dinner dress), and returned to the kitchen to
help Ira with dinner. He let Bobby loose to explore the house on his
own, trusting the raven to make himself welcome even if the Snapes
didn't.

In the kitchen, it didn't take long before Ira noticed his hand, mottled
purple, and she was not satisfied with the vague answer he had provided
her husband. She pulled the story out of him bit by bit, and though he
tried to keep particular details from her (his animagus lessons and his
complicated relationship with Luna to name a few), he could tell Snape
was aware of his attempts at evasion even if he couldn't possibly guess
at the specifics.

"We are going to go over all of this again after dinner," Ira said
sternly. "It is all going to be written down in detail, particularly
what method of treatment was used. Tomorrow, Severus, you'll need to
take him to the hospital to be checked out before you head out."

Snape grunted but didn't argue. It was a perfectly reasonable request
considering. Who knew what the werewolves had actually done to the boy?
Sucking out the blood? The thought made him shudder. Even if Harry
demonstrated a certain resistance to Lycanthrosis there was no way to be
absolutely certain he was immune. He would make it a point to pay close
attention to his behavior over the next few days. The full moon was in
less than a week.

"Head out? Are we going somewhere?"

"France," was Snape's succinct reply.

The answer was not surprising, he had been told he might have to attend
the negotiations before, but it was still unwelcome news. With matters
so tenuous at the Goddess Colony, he had wanted to stay close in case of
any news. Elsbeth could, theoretically, find him in France, but it would
take over a week and would have to pass through Voldemort's security
first. He would have to send a letter just to warn Sirius not to write
anything too revealing.

"When?"

"Tomorrow."

Harry choked on a mouthful of Sheppard's pie.

"Pack for a month's stay, at least. Make a list of anything you think
you will need tonight," his guardian added as if he hadn't noticed.

"W-why so suddenly?"

"The Dark Lord summons, and we go. I suspect he intends to include you
in the negotiations."

*How very*un-*Sirius-like of him*, Harry couldn't help but think with
some irony.

"I don't see what I have to contribute."

"No doubt you will agitate the Germans immensely."

No doubt. Of course, he didn't fancy meeting up with them himself
either. Years before he had sympathized with the Germans to a certain
extent, but the actions that had been taken since his escape by both
their government and individuals that involved the murder and assault of
innocent werewolves and children had pushed them firmly into the
category of 'unforgivable'. Intellectually, he knew it was not *all* the
Germans who had behaved so reprehensibly, but it had been far too many
and there had been no visible opposition. He wasn't entirely sure he
would be able to control himself if he was forced into their company and
if they provoked him, even if it was only verbally, he knew he was more
than capable of violence against them.

"So he wants to pick a fight? Seems a bit redundant at this point."

"Negotiations of this sort are a war unto themselves. Yes, he wants to
pick a fight. He wants to be able to say 'Hogwarts' and point to you, to
a child, and have them squirm and deny their wrong-doings so that he
might verbally beat them with their own shame for all the world to see."

"Severus, really," Ira said, disapprovingly. "He shouldn't be dragging
Harry into this if he's just going to treat him as some sort of moral
foil."

Moral foil? Now there was a blade that would bend and snap at the first
hint of pressure. He honestly hoped that wasn't Voldemort's intention
either. It would be too simple to turn the matter around on him.

"I am sure it is only one of a dozen reasons he wants him there. It
likely isn't even the most significant reason."

"He's right of course," Harry agreed. "There might also be dragons at
some point. They'll want someone on hand with experience in that sort of
thing."

They talked a little more about the journey and what he might possibly
do while in France, what *Snape* would be doing (an explanation that
seemed as evasive as Harry's must have about the werewolves), Ira's
plans for while they were away, and other bits of news Harry had missed
out on while he was away. When dinner was over, Ira sent him to pack
while she cleaned up. Snape's marriage hadn't made him any less evasive
of housework, and he made some half-thought out excuse to escape and
followed Harry to his room.

"I have invited Draco to accompany us to France," Snape said when they
were alone, sitting himself in the chair at the study table. Harry felt
a moment of surprise and quickly tried to unravel his guardian's
reasoning. His own purpose for going was obvious, Snape's less so but
not unreasonable. Draco though? He would not have been invited to attend
the negotiations, he thought. His father had been a general but he was
dead and not as the result of a conflict with the Germans. Factoring his
civilian status and since Snape said *he* had invited him specifically,
his invitation was likely unofficial. There was only one unofficial
piece of business that would involve Draco in France.

"You want to send him to look for Hermione."

"You said yourself that she was likely in the country, but you cannot
possibly complete a discreet search for her. I will perform a search
myself, but I have other duties I must perform first. Draco is a logical
choice to search in my place. He speaks some French, no one will be
watching him too closely, and his presence can be explained away as my
wanting my grieving godson close or moral support to yourself."

"And what does he think about all this?"

"I don't know. He hasn't replied."

Snape looked uneasy about this, and it made Harry uneasy himself. His
relationship with Draco was complicated at the moment. His friend was
grieving, anger and confusion and despair pulling him in different
directions. Harry had been shouted at in his hospital bed by him one day
and shown a moment of unspoken kindness at the funeral parade only a day
later. Were they still friends? They must be, because he was more
worried about the other than he was anyone else at the moment, Hermione
included.

"We will see him tomorrow morning. If he has decided to go, he will be
ready and waiting, if not..."

He left the rest unsaid. There was no telling how Draco would greet
either of them tomorrow until they stood at his door.

* * * * *

"Request denied," Lestrange said flatly, tossing the piece of parchment
aside. It hovered for a moment before gliding over to a file cabinet in
the corner of her office, and a drawer opened to swallow it down into
the bureaucratic abyss.

Tom forced himself not to grimace, not to glare, not do anything to
outwardly express how much he truly despised Bellatrix Lestrange. His
boss. Instead, he held himself rigidly straight, expression blank, and
gaze focused somewhere slightly about his commanding officer's head. She
seemed to sense his resentment anyway. She grinned like a cat, her
blatant sadism bordering on the obscene.

"Ma'am, this was an order made by Lord Voldemort himself," he reminded
her.

"Lord Voldemort did not request *you*, Captain Stratus. He requested a
representative of the platoon. I will be that representative as its
commanding officer."

"With all due respect, you were not present at the battle we are being
recognized for."

Her smugness faded somewhat, falling instead into an angry grimace. Her
absence from the battle was sore spot for her. She was supposed to have
led the charge, but the presumptuous little bastard standing before her
had superseded her authority and taken her soldiers on mission she had
not authorized. They should have waited for her, their general, before
seeking out their glory in the field. To add insult to injury, she
couldn't punish them for it. Not officially in any event. The Dark Lord
had already given them commendations for their valor and Stratus had
become a war hero and household name once the newspapers had gotten word
of them. A mere forty or so witches and wizards flying into battle
against hundreds? They were being called the Spartan Platoon and Stratus
was their Leonidas, despite not having the decency to have died in
battle.

"A fact I have you to thank for, Captain. You should be pleased, sir. My
absence will give that much more opportunity to sew resentment amongst
my men."

He visibly stiffened, even if his expression didn't change.

"I don't know what-"

"Stow it. Lucius might have trusted you, but I won't make the same
mistake. Did you think I was oblivious to what my soldiers are saying
about me? What they say about you?"

"I don't know what you are accusing me of. I have never spoken a
disrespectful word against you."

"Of course you haven't. You're too good at being a manipulative little
bastard to be that obvious about it. If you had wanted, you could have
had them eating out of my palm by now, but I can't get so much as salute
without a look of contempt from them."

He looked at her directly for the first time, indignant at her
accusation.

"I'm sorry you feel that way, General Lestrange," he said tightly, the
same contempt buried under his military civility she had seen in every
soldier she met. As if they thought her unworthy of her position, that
all her successful campaigns both during the civil war and her battles
in Britain had been a fluke or credit stolen from others.

She hated him. She absolutely despised him. If it was the last thing she
did, she would make him suffer the humiliation he had inflicted upon her
a thousand fold.

"You are *boring* me now, Captain. Go away. *Shoo*," she dismissed
imperiously, already turning her attention to some report or another.
She saw him grimace out of the corner of her eye and felt a moment of
satisfaction, which she didn't show until he had turned away and stormed
out of her office. She nearly laughed when he slammed the door behind
him.

Outside Lestrange's office, Stratus seethed. He wanted nothing more than
to rage and curse, at Lestrange, at the Universe, at anyone at all.
Lestrange's refusal to allow him to attend the negotiations in France
was more than just a blow to his pride. France would have been the
perfect time and place to begin fostering a relationship with Voldemort.
The Dark Lord would be in a foreign territory, surrounded by relative
strangers, and focused on his political games with the Germans and the
French. He would be relatively vulnerable and foiling an attack from
some unexpected corner would prove just the circumstances Tom needed to
gain the Dark Lord's trust. He was already moving in closer with his
public promotion, and his current publicity meant socializing with the
Dark Lord at particular events quite likely, but it was not enough for
his plans. He needed the Dark Lord to *trust* him. At least enough that
he could influence his actions to a certain extent.

The opportunity to keep Harry's company was an added bonus, and
something that was likely to prove essential for his plans to be
successful. It was imperative that his friend be a willing participant,
for both their sakes.

But Lestrange had ruined his chance. Now it would likely be months
before he had the opportunity to see either of them, and when they
returned he would be farther from his goal than before.

"Bad day?"

Tom jumped and spun, mentally cursing himself for being so distracted he
hadn't noticed the other man in the office. His displeasure only mounted
when the man turned out to be Inquisitor Amelon, watching him with that
unnervingly curious expression he always wore. He hadn't seen the man
since before the Final Battle of Hogwarts, but he knew he had been
around. It had been months since Lucius' death, and still Amelon was
asking questions. His own sources seemed to think Snape was the prime
suspect, but after the battle the Dark Lord had forced Amelon to turn
his attention elsewhere with little results to show for it.

That was unfortunate. It would have pleased him greatly if his impromptu
assassination of Malfoy and Crouch hadn't only resulted in Granger's
exile but also Snape's ruination. So many birds with only one cursed
stone.

Now Amelon was floating about, making inquires of not only Lestrange and
Harry, but of Stratus. Tom wasn't particularly worried about being
caught. If something hadn't been found yet, it was unlikely to turn up.
That didn't mean, however, that the inquiries weren't potentially
troublesome. He didn't like the idea of anyone looking over his
shoulder.

"A minor inconvenience," he said shortly, and continued on his way. To
his annoyance, Amelon followed him.

"Might I have a moment of your time?" he asked politely.

"Aren't you here for General Lestrange?"

"Of course, but I meant to find you later. This is actually quite
convenient."

"I am sorry, sir, but I have duties of my own to attend..."

"It will only take a few minutes. We can walk while we talk."

Tom bit down on his annoyance and affected an air of polite helpfulness.
He couldn't afford to break his facade. Not to this man.

"Very well, sir."

"How would you describe your relationship with General Lestrange?"

Tom frowned in confusion.

"I'm sorry, I don't see how that would have anything to do with your
investigation."

The Inquisitor smiled back at him affably, but his eyes were sharp and
seeking. Tom made it a point to avoid direct eye contact with him.

"It just seems like you are having a difficult time with your current
commander, when you were able to reach such intimate terms with General
Malfoy. A man I am told was increasingly losing his grip on his own
sanity."

"I am sorry, sir, but you are mistaken. General Malfoy and I were never
very close. My position at the time meant I spent a great deal of time
with him, but I never knew him well. I told you before I was aware of
his increased agitation during my time with him, but it was my ignorance
of his person that allowed me to mistake his behavior as related stress
rather than... illness."

"You say you were not close, and yet he offered you a place in his own
family. You were betrothed to his daughter."

Tom affected an air of discomfort.

"If you are aware of the betrothal then you must similarly be aware that
relations between General Malfoy and his *foster* daughter were not
good. Affection had less to do with our betrothal than convenience. I am
single, I am appropriately positioned in society to appease his wife and
not embarrass the Malfoy name, and I didn't say no."

"You certainly didn't say no."

"Was there a reason to? She's a pretty girl, smart, with good
connections, and I didn't exactly have a line of women at my door. I
thought we would have been quite content together given the opportunity.
If... if our betrothal had something to do with... what happened, then I
am truly sorry, but I don't see how anyone could have foreseen it."

"So you believe she is responsible for General Malfoy and Lord Crouch's
deaths?"

"Don't you?" Tom asked, feigning surprise. As far as the public was
concerned Granger was still the prime suspect, but the scandal of those
deaths had been overshadowed by the end of the war. The battle of
Hogwarts had touched the lives of almost everyone in the nation in some
manner, and the end of the upcoming negotiations had plenty of attention
all its own. With no new developments in the story, most of the public
had lost interest and papers hadn't offered any new insights or
theories. No other suspects had been offered up, and no one was looking
for any others while Granger still remained in hiding.

"Those closest to her are adamant of her innocence," Amelon said. "I
haven't found any evidence linking her directly to the crime."

"But she ran."

"Yes, and there could be any number of reasons for that. Guilt is just
one possibility. Or perhaps she is dead. I am beginning to think the
later."

Tom blinked, not bothering to hide his surprise. Granger dead? That
was... perhaps not an impossibility. She had not been found after all,
and though clever she was hardly educated in the subterfuge necessary to
evade a national manhunt. She lacked the knowledge to blend into the
muggle world, and without her wand she would be quite defenseless. Would
it really be unlikely for her to have a run in with some magical beast
or ignorantly walk into the path of a muggle vehicle? It would certainly
be convenient if that were the case. It would spare him the necessity of
killing her himself.

Amelon, however, seemed to think her continued absence a sign of yet
more foul play. That was decidedly *inconvenient.*

"I hope that is not the case."

"Indeed, it would be a rather tragic turn of events. Lord Potter would
likely be inconsolable."

There was a something about the way Amelon said 'Lord Potter' that Tom
didn't like. Did he suspect Harry of the deed then? He was rather tired
of walking through this maze of a conversation.

"Her foster brother even more so I should think."

"No doubt," he said dismissively, confirming Tom's suspicion he had been
fishing with his Potter comment. "But I think this conversation is
wandering a bit farther from the topic than I intended. Let's see, where
was I? We've already talked about General Malfoy, so that leaves Lord
Crouch. What was your relationship with him?"

Tom let out a mental sigh of relief. It seemed he was home free.

"There was no relationship strictly speaking. I only ever met the man a
handful of times in the general's company, and we never spoke outside of
the usual pleasantries."

"Really? Even after General Malfoy called off Miss Granger's engagement
with him so he could transfer it to you?"

Perhaps not quite free.

"You are mistaken. The engagement was called off before the general even
asked me to marry his daughter. I believe there were financial or legal
reasons involved, but I don't know the specifics. You could ask his
lawyer. Reiger or Reicher I believe the name was. He is still working
for the Malfoy family last I heard."

"I shall check on that, thank you. So you never spoke to Lord Crouch
after your betrothal? Not once?"

"I saw him occasionally, but again never outside of Malfoy's company. He
may have made a snide remark at the winter ball, but I honestly can't
remember it."

"Ah-huh, well thank you for your time. It's been quite informative."

"Has it?"

Tom certainly hoped not. Was Amelon merely being polite or was he
fishing? Had Tom unknowingly given answers contrary to what the
inquisitor knew and revealed a lie? How much did the wizard suspect
already, and was he trying to trick him into giving some
self-incriminating detail? It was best to play it safe and offer nothing
else, assume he knew nothing until he proved otherwise. At least until
Tom could do a little investigating of his own.

"I'm glad. I hope it proves helpful. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm afraid
I must leave you here."

"Of course. Good day, Captain. We'll see each other again soon, no
doubt."

Amelon turned away and made his way back down the hall towards
Lestrange's office, his step light and jaunty so that Tom half expected
him to start whistling. Tom stood there for a long moment watching him
go, wondering if that last remark had been a threat or not.