# The Giant

"Potter! Where are you?!"

Harry grimaced at the sound of his wretched teacher and guardian came
storming up the stairs from the potion's lab. He was almost done drying
the dishes from breakfast, and had been looking forward to spending the
rest of the morning exploring the acreage around the house. So far he'd
barely stepped foot outside accept to clean the windows and banish some
gnomes from the garden, and though he didn't know if it was intentional
he was getting extremely annoyed. It was summer *vacation* for the love
of Merlin!

"In the kitchen," he replied dutifully, biting back a sarcastic remark.
Sarcasm got him nothing with Snape but more chores.

The potion's master stalked inside, an overwhelming shadow in the bright
kitchen. He was dressed in his usual black robes, but his hair had been
pulled back tightly and a cloth mask and goggles hung around his neck.
Whatever he was experimenting with was obviously dangerous.

"What are you doing in here? Don't you have homework?" he said testily,
stripping off his safety ware and tossing them in the sink beside Harry.
Not bothering to wait for a reply, he rummaged through the cupboards.
"Where is the bread? There was a loaf this morning."

"It was moldy so I threw it away. Along with Thursday's leftovers. Milk
is gone too, and I had to give Inana the last of the eggs. About the
only think left is tea and some potatoes."

"A simple 'You need to go shopping' would have suffice."

Snape set about brewing some tea.

"*We* need to go shopping," Harry said pointedly. "If I'm going to have
to cook, I need the right ingredients."

"You have homework."

"I've done nothing *but* homework and chores since I got here."

"All five days, oh how you must have suffered. Besides, you start work
tomorrow, you'll have less time to do it then."

"Just let me come or you're going to have to go to town every other day
because you didn't know what to get."

Snape snorted.

"This is why I never wanted to get married. Nag, nag, nag."

*Funny, I was thinking this is exactly why you need a wife*, Harry
thought, but wisely didn't say, continuing to dry the remainder of the
dishes. Life with Snape was pretty much an on going battle of wits and
wills. Snape would have been more than happy to order Harry around all
day long no doubt, but Harry had plenty of experience at avoiding house
work and sneaking about from his time at the Dursley's. Additionally,
since Snape proved very quickly he couldn't scramble an egg let alone
make a meal, Harry had the power of food. A tired, irritated Harry meant
Snape would be left to forage for himself. How he had survived without a
house elf (or wife) for this long, the Gryffindor had no clue.

Snape never did agree to take him along, but by the time he was finished
with his tea Harry had already finished the dishes, made a grocery list,
and gotten on his shoes. The potion's master gave him an annoyed look as
he traded his potion's robes for a lighter (although just as dark and
plain) robe, but said nothing when Harry followed him out the door.

The day was typical English summer, hot and sunny and the air thick with
a subtler magic Harry would never have noticed before that winter. The
acreage around the house was mostly wild field surrounded by a low rock
wall, two gravel paths leading from the house, one to a dirt road on the
other side of the wall and the second to the back of the house to the
green house and some woods beyond that. The fields were thick with wild
flowers, and their seedlings floated about the two travelers slowly,
their defiance of gravity casting the place in a sense of time slowed.
Harry peered about, feeling a strange sort of euphoria come over him.

"Potter! Stop daydreaming!" Snape snarled, crushing Harry's happy
feeling. The sense of magic retreated, and the young Gryffindor scowled
and trudged along unhappily after his professor. This was not the first
time the strange distraction had come upon him, but it was always
fleeting. He often wondered if his ability to sense magic was growing or
he was imagining it. He thought occasionally of asking Snape, but one
look at that scowling gob and he changed his mind.

They walked the mile from the house to the village of Elvenshire, just
as the market was beginning to fill. Harry had only been through the
village once while picking up supplies after leaving Hogwarts, and he
had been too tired to take much notice of his surroundings at the time.
It wasn't much different than Hogsmeade, with the exception of a
collection of about eight stalls in the center of village. The witches
and wizards wore simpler clothes than city wizards and his classmates,
rough home spun material rich in needlepoint details as well as patches
and stitches. If they weren't rich, they certainly weren't starving
either, and the market was full of shoppers haggling for the best deals.
Several of the merchants manning the stalls regarded Snape and Harry's
gentlemanly attire with hungry eyes as they passed.

They stopped first at stall selling chickens. Live chickens. Now Harry
thought he had a well rounded education, but no where in his school
books or lectures had poultry come into play. Elsbeth didn't count. She
wasn't for eating.

"A sickle for a dozen eggs," the woman said, and despite being startled
by the birds, he was aware enough to snort at the ridiculous price.
Snape looked at him questioningly.

"You could buy a hen for that," Harry said, though he didn't know if
that was true, he did know eggs couldn't be worth more than a couple
knuts. Snape turned a suspicious look at the woman, who paled and
stuttered, then tried to laugh it off.

"Your son's a cheeky lad. Half a sickle for a dozen, just because I
admire his spunk."

This clearly wasn't the right thing to say for Snape's expression turned
from suspicious to down right livid.

"This," he hissed, pointing to Harry as if he were a malfunctioning
house elf, " is not my son."

She looked flustered and a bit confused. After her absurd suggestion
that he was related to Snape, Harry didn't feel the least bit
sympathetic.

"I'm his father," Harry said, "Potion's accident, you know. I blame his
mother for buying him the potion's set as a child."

"Potter, shut up!"

"Don't talk like that to me, young man!"

Snape slapped upside the head. It was almost worth it to see his
professor cringe in embarrassment.

"Seven knuts," she offered, "Seven knuts for the eggs."

"Five," Snape said, clearly still irritated with her as well as his
ward. "Five and I'll never bring him with me again."

"Deal."

The shopping trip didn't improve after that. For what ever reason,
everyone seemed convinced that Harry was Snape's son and couldn't seem
to comprehend any other situation where a boy Harry's age might be
living with a man of Snape's age. Snape hated the presumption, but more
so he hated explaining the same thing over and over again to strangers
who didn't have any reason to meddle in his private affairs. Harry
wouldn't have minded explaining, but the towns people's growing
confusion was the most entertainment he'd had all week. So the
Gryffindor said nothing except to point out something on the grocery
list or to prod Snape into haggling (the man was a natural if a bit
uncertain about when it was appropriate or not), all the while thinking
how he wished the twins were there to make everything ten times worse.

An hour later, the little square was buzzing with bizarre rumors of
Harry being Snape's son, father, nephew, apprentice, servant boy, and
shape shifting golem sent to torment the man by an ex-girlfriend. Snape
was in a perfectly foul mood as they trudged back home, and Harry was on
the verge of laughter despite having to carry all the groceries.

"Potter," the man said as they entered the privacy of the house, "if you
ever breathe a word of this day to anyone, it will be the last you ever
breathe."

Harry had to turn away on the pretext of restocking the cupboard, biting
his lip to keep a series of *very* cheeky comments from escaping.

---

Harry's first day of work started out as an exercise in well controlled
panic. He woke up perfectly on time, and decided immediately it wasn't
early enough. He hustled through his morning routine easily enough,
until it was time to get dressed at which point he became inexplicably
lost. What did one wear to a hospital for magical creatures? He had
never even been to a muggle veterinarian's office, let alone a wizarding
one. Should he dress in his nice school clothes or would this be a dirty
job that required something sturdier?

Snape would probably have known, but if Harry asked him what he should
wear he'd more than likely get a snarky remark like 'Anything that isn't
blue. Blue makes you look fat,' or 'Do I look like the editor of Witch's
Wardrobe?' He finally opted for a set of his older school clothes, but
then had to spend an extra fifteen minutes ironing them out.

He set about making a simple egg and sausage breakfast, then remembered
half way through that he hadn't made lunch for later. By then, Snape had
come down and grumbled about preferring his eggs over easy, and immersed
himself in a newspaper. After rushing through the rest of breakfast, he
rummaged through the cupboards but couldn't find anything to put his
lunch in, and the only response Snape had given him was 'they have a
cafeteria, you know'. No, Harry hadn't known, nor did he know if he
would have to pay for lunches there or if they were provided. He didn't
want to ask either.

He grabbed a couple of sickles from school trunk, the last of his
previous job's wages he hadn't sent to the bank, and hoped he wouldn't
have to use it. No sooner had he closed his trunk then the door bell
rang. Rushing to tidy himself in the mirror (and realizing too late he
was missing a button on his shirt and his hair was messier than usual,
so he looked like a hobo), he descended the stairs towards the entry
way.

Snape was already there, interrogating a skinny little man in pressed
white medical robes whom Harry could only describe as 'antiseptic'.

"Really, Mister-"

"*Professor.*"

"Yes, of course, Professor Snape, is this really necessary?"

Snape stared at him stoically, until the antiseptic man bent to his
superior professional egotism. He let out a mumbled jumble of words that
must have been his approved password, though Harry could only make out
'baby hippo' and wonder where Snape's sadism ended and his sense of
humor began.

"Very well," the professor relented, a reluctance in his tone meant to
prolong the other man's torment rather than any true suspicion.
"Potter!"

"Here, sir."

"Behave yourself!"

And he stalked off. Harry and the antiseptic man stared after him for a
long moment, then hurried out the door.

"Sorry about that, Mr.?"

"*Healer* Meldwich," he corrected pointedly, then seemed to ease up a
little. "It's quite alright. Important man, Professor Snape, but a bit
high strung. I hear teaching does that to you."

Harry doubted that Snape had been any less of a prat before working at
Hogwarts, but didn't contradict. They walked at a clipped pace towards
the road where the anti-apparation wards ended. Harry caught Meldwich
peeking curiously at him several times, always on the verge of saying
something.

"Did you want to ask me something, sir?"

The man became flustered, but his eagerness sparked like a wildfire.

"It is just... I never thought... Would it be... uh..."

Harry waited patiently. Finally, Meldwich seemed to put together what he
wanted to say.

"My colleagues and I were so excited when we received approval from your
guardians to have you work with us. You have a rare and magnificent
talent, and so little is known about it. I feel like a silly little
school girl when I think about it. Would you mind terribly...?"

Harry felt a blush coming on, burning at his ears and thought of
declining, but couldn't think of why he should be so shy. It was just
talking. No different than talking in English or German. Yet to describe
anything of his as 'magnificent' was intimidating.

"Ah... yeah, sure. Um, is there anything in particular you would like me
to say?"

Meldwich's grin was awkward, unnatural, and perfectly genuine all at
once.

"Lets do something simple... today's date?"

Harry tried, but came up short as if he'd been asked to name the King of
the United States.

"Er... I'm sorry but I don't think snake's have a word for 'June'."

The healer looked startled, disappointed, and then delighted.

"Oh of course! Snakes certainly wouldn't use a Gregorian calendar to
tell time. How silly of me! How about counting to ten? Do snakes count?"

Snakes apparently did count and Harry proved it easily enough, hissing
out the requested numerals.

"Magnificent! So they *do* have a sense of numerical understanding.
Healer Beets will be so pleased to have it confirmed! Marvelous!
Learning something like this just walking down the road. What wonderful
things we will accomplish, Mr. Potter!"

Harry wasn't so sure. He thought his job would be caring for animals
they studied, but it seemed more and more that *he*was the animal they
were going to study. He turned a bit to look longingly at the house, but
all he got from that was the slightest glance at what may have been
Snape watching from the window when Meldwich grabbed his arm suddenly
and they disappeared.

---

Snape moved from the window and towards the lab, wondering idly if he
would be given an excuse to curse the ratty little creature that
afternoon or if it would take a few days. There was no doubt the man
would need a lesson in 'boundaries' eventually. He knew Meldwich's type.

Curiosity without conscientiousness.

He'd poke and he'd prod, test and record and test and interrogate and
test again and again and again without consideration for the subject he
inflicted his curiosity on. Or the fact that his subject was on loan
from a very temperamental and possessive Dark Lord.

His Master's own decision to 'hire' Harry out, was of course more for
the dictator's gain than Harry's. Voldemort was a powerful man, but also
a bit conceited. Parseltongue was an ability he prided himself on, and
his wide subject knowledge was another. The fact that he knew very
little about his own talent was no doubt irksome, even a bit
embarrassing. Just the same, allowing scholars to study and experiment
on him was too undignified. Ignorance had been preferred until Harry
conveniently stumbled into the picture.

Snape didn't envy Harry for a moment.

If the brat were of a meeker disposition, he might have considered
chaperoning for the first day, but he wasn't so Snape didn't. It was
only four hours anyway. Certainly, a couple of eggheads were no match
for the Black Cat of Gryffindor. In fact, he should probably be more
worried about them. Yes, he better go check his stock of anti-venom
potions right now. The silly boy might have smuggled out a cockatrice
egg under his shirt or something.

Damn, Potters. Inconveniencing him even when they weren't around.

---

The 'veterinary' hospital Harry was led to was called a 'medical
bestiary', more specifically Lanthrope University Medical Bestiary and
Research Center, and more simply the LUMBAR Center. It was a four story
red brick building, which would have looked perfectly at home in any
English city but stood out like a sore thumb in the middle of a cow
pasture three miles outside of the wizarding town of Bridges Burning.

A stable, a barn, and an aviary stood at three different ends of the
building, housing the larger creatures in need of care and fresh air.
There were several wizards and witches roaming about in white robes and
heavy galoshes, carrying medical equipment, feed buckets, and the
occasional injured creature.

Harry and Healer Meldwich entered through the lobby, where a several
people were waiting with their animals. Some of the animals were
perfectly normal, a cat or dog or rabbit, but others Harry had trouble
identifying, such as the six legged goat-like creature or the monkey
that could take off its head. He had little time to gawk before he was
handed a white lab coat and an identity badge by the receptionist. It
read:

Harry J. Potter

Research Assistant

Herpetology

The very adult sounding title gave him a distinct thrill. The unfamiliar
term 'herpetology' made him feel like an idiot.

They took the stairs to the fourth floor, Meldwich rambling distractedly
and in no particular order about each floor, it's departments, Lanthrope
University (which apparently taught Bestial Medicine and funded the
building and its research), Healers, scientists, students, research
subjects, the cafeteria, bathrooms, kennels, laboratories, exam rooms,
the apothecary, supply closets, the library, and various other things
Harry couldn't keep track of. The healer was clearly eager to get Harry
to the lab, but it didn't stop him from introducing him to every healer
they came across in hopes of inducing some sort of envy.

It seem to work in several cases, and Harry was getting increasingly
uncomfortable with the attention.

"Here we are," Meldwich said at last, stopping in front of a plan office
door with a golden plaque titled 'Herpetology' on it. Beside it was
another plaque with a list of four names, one of which was Melvin
Meldwich. Melvin?

"Melvin! Is this him?"

A young man, stocky and eager, was standing before him and shaking his
hand before he had stepped completely through the door.

"Hello, hello! I'm Jarod Beets. It's ever so good to meet you at last!"

"Er... nice to meet you too?"

"Healer Beets, please refrain from using such familiarity. It's unseemly
in a professional," Melvin scolded, but Beets paid him no mind and
dragged Harry over to meet the other people there. One was a woman,
plain by all account but for slightly wicked tilt to her lips that
reminded him of Natalie. He barely noticed her however, for the last man
was so stunning, Harry couldn't help but gape.

He was HUGE.

Easily as wide as three men, and he had to crouch so his head wouldn't
knock the ceiling. Unlike everyone else Harry had seen, he was wild
looking with a mess of a beard and scraggly hair, that his pristine
white robes could do nothing to hide. He fidgeted nervously, clearly
uncomfortable in the room and the white robe with the tidy little people
crowding around him. Harry felt a wave of compassion come over him.

"This is Healer Gabriela Coulter," Beets introduced. "She specializes in
lizards."

"But I'm interested in *all sorts*of creatures," she said smoothly.
Harry felt a shiver run through him, as he felt her categorize him into
said creature category.

"And this is Rubeus Hagrid. Officially, he assists in caring for all of
our...er... more dangerous specimens. Unofficially, he's a bit of a
dragon expert. You'll be working together a lot in the milking room."

"Dragons? Milking room?" Harry asked.

Hagrid puffed up a bit, but bumped his head into the ceiling and had to
go back to slumping just as quickly. When he spoke, his voice rumbled
gently in a Scottish brogue.

"Aye. Ya more than like be see'in a bit o' both. I be gett'n a new
clutch of Irish Blues with'n the week. You might'n luck out and see'm
hatch, eh?"

"Really?!"

Harry had seen an Irish Blue once, at a great distance during one of the
summer class field trips. It had been massive, and strikingly blue so
that if it had taken flight it would have been impossible to see against
the clear sky. But it didn't take flight, instead it snarled and rubbed
its body against a grove of trees, snapping them like bread sticks to
relieve some minor itch. It never would have occurred to Harry that he
could get any closer to such a creature.

Meldwich let out an impatient cough.

"Yes, well... perhaps. You'll be quite busy here. Now let me show you
what you'll be doing... ah, Hagrid, would you mind stepping out for a
bit? I'm sure you have plenty else to do..."

Hagrid hesitated, looking between Harry and Meldwich, something so
clearly on the tip of his tongue. Harry gave the man a smile.

"Would it be alright if I had lunch with you?" he asked. "I'd like to
ask you a bit about dragons."

Hagrid grinned, straighted a little, and bumped his head again on the
ceiling.

"Aye, I'da be liken that. Meet ya at say, twelve-thirty or so?"

"Sounds good. I'll see you later then. It was nice to meet you."

"It was good to be meeting ya as well 'Arry."

With that, the giant man ambled out, squeezing through the door
awkwardly. When the door closed, Healer Meldwich gave a snort.

"You needn't pander to the oaf out of politeness. He's a fool with a
fondness for anything that kill a man. Treats them like misunderstood
kittens. He didn't even finish his schooling."

Harry looked sharply at the healer, his expression turning very cold.

"I haven't finished my schooling either, *Melvin*."

The healer was so utterly shocked, he fumbled for several moments
between embarrassment and indignation, before Beets jumped in.

"Why don't I introduce you to our lovely ladies?" he said, beaming
happily, he led Harry towards another door at the far end of the room,
past a couple of cubicles and assorted office and medical equipment.
"They'll be delighted to meet you, I'm sure."

Beets opened the door, and a rush of heat and humidity immediately
fogged up Harry's glasses so he missed Healer Coulter's look of
predatory amusement as she gazed at her still befuddled supervisor.

---

By noon, Harry was more than just eager to escape to lunch, he was
desperate. Healer Beets was an alright fellow, cheerful and pleasant,
but either very insensitive or willfully oblivious to everyone else's
feelings. He's introduced Harry to some two hundred or so snakes in the
'specimen' room, a large room that looked and felt like the outside of
several different places in the world depending on where you were in the
room. The snakes were kept in individual territories using some sort of
magical boundary, rather like a miniature version of the ones Harry had
helped set up last summer, that the snakes couldn't leave without being
held my a witch or wizard with a Herpetology Security Badge.

The hot, and occasionally humid, room smelled of vegetative rot and the
musky scent of reptiles, and the sound of softly hissed whispers gave
the entire place an eerie feeling. The snakes themselves were
alternately bored and resigned or temperamental and restless. All seemed
quite pleased to meet him, though disappointed when he said he wasn't
there to help them escape.

Meldwich and Coulter had followed Harry around as he greeted each snake,
learning their names and their personalities. One snake, a highly
venomous and imperious Rainbow Serpent from South America, even allowed
him to help remove some loose feathers that were clearly bothering her,
and Meldwich nearly fainted from the sight.

That all had been fine and dandy, if a bit disconcerting, but then they
took him to the infirmary where they treated the injured and sickly
serpents. It was awful. He was surrounded by broken and torn bodies,
withering in pain and crying for relief that no one knew to give them.
They were all already undergoing treatment, and there was nothing more
Harry could do for them, but assure them that they would heal and be
whole again soon.

Worst of all had been the questions afterwards, endless questions about
each snake and their treatment effectiveness, and all Harry was hearing
was a morbid curiosity about their suffering.

At noon, he quickly but firmly excused himself, and went to meet Hagrid.

"Eya, 'Arry, you alright'? Ya look'n a bit pale," the giant man said.

"Fine," Harry tried, "I'm fine, just... er..."

Hagrid nodded in understanding.

"It takes a some gett'n used to, all that suffer'n in one place. Breaks
yer 'art, assum'n ye got one."

Harry smiled weakly. He knew what Hagrid was saying and he couldn't
agree more. Hospitals were apparently unpleasant places regardless of
species.

They chatted a bit inanely about this and that as they made their way
towards the stables. Harry wasn't entirely sure what he was doing out
there alone with this strange man. Supposedly, they were having lunch,
but Harry doubted the cafeteria was behind one of the stalls.

The stable was about ten times larger on the inside than the outside,
lined neatly with stalls and an exercise pen in the center. A few
animals peeked out from their paddocks as they entered, gazing as
curiously at Harry as he was at them.

"What are we doing here?"

"I was think'n ya'd be need'n a bit'o cheer. Thought ya might like to
see Wind. She's good at that," Hagrid said, his dark eyes twinkling in
good humor.

Harry was led to the very farthest end of the stable to a stall door
that was locked and encased in several security wards.

"She's a very precious creature. 'Ave to keep 'er safe from poachers."

Inside the stall stood a creature of dazzling white, glowing in the
dimness like a lantern though it cast no shadows. Harry had only seen
pictures of unicorns before, and the real thing was as a like to those
pictures as it was to a donkey.

"Oh..." was all he could manage, and spent several moments just gaping.
Hagrid let out a chuckle.

"Yeah, she does that. She had a nasty run in with some rogue dementors.
Came in looking about as bright and cheerful as an Irish bog. Ya can see
she's doin better now, but the Court is still tryin' to round up the
last of the dementors before they release her back into the wild, so
she'll be here fer another month or so. Some things never change.
Government still drags its feet where ever it can."

As he was talking, Hagrid handed Harry a few sugar cubes, and after a
few moments of hesitation the unicorn took a few timid steps forward.
Harry held perfectly still and tried to radiate an air of absolute calm
and innocence. Unicorns were attracted to innocence, but he wasn't sure
he had enough left in him to appear at all appealing.

Eventually though, she took the sugar and nuzzled his palm.

A feeling of absolute joy ran through him, and in response Wind gave a
sort of pleasant shiver and looked at him curiously.

"Ah, she likes you," the giant said, looking as if he'd just had a
theory proven true. "I thought she would. Yer mother had a way with
unicorns."

Harry gave him a startled look and the unicorn edged away.

"You knew my mother?"

"Aye, I did, and a fine lass she was. Yer father too. A brave and truer
friend I've never known. I used to work at Hogwarts as the grounds
keeper while they was getting educated. Of course, that was until after
the war."

Harry's thoughts exploded into a thousand different directions. Who was
this man? How well did he know my parents? Why isn't he the grounds
keeper anymore? Did he fight against or for Voldemort during the war?
Did he work with my parents? Does he know about my godfathers? How much
does he know about me? How much should I trust him?

"Ya look just like your father, but you 'ave your mother's eyes," Hagrid
said, then turned away, and sniffed rather conspicuously. It occurred to
Harry that Hagrid wasn't capable of deceiving anyone.

---

Harry arrived home at exactly one fifteen. He was tired, distracted, and
completely ignored Snape's snide comment about his new white robe and
badge. Instead, he went upstairs to shower and then pulled out his
sketchbook. Yet his mind wouldn't let him concentrate on a single
subject, and he found himself doodling and abandoning each doodle
randomly. An hour later he gave up, and went to his trunk to get
something else.

The wooden box he'd received during his last birthday was still there.
He sat on his bed and studied it for a long time, running his fingers
over the engravings. The password, his mother's favorite flower, still
escaped him, and none of his memories of his home in Germany brought it
to mind. Had she even had a favorite flower? Listing off several flowers
that came to mind yielded nothing, and finally he set the box aside as
well.

Why did it even matter?

His parents were gone, nothing more than memories and stranger's
stories. In the wizarding world, a world they had denied him, he doubted
they would have recognized him at all. Wizard, monster slayer, quidditch
champion, duelist, black cat.

Prince.

And yet they remained a part of his life, trailing behind him as he
looked ahead. Dogging his steps, hinting at a mysterious path that not
only lead him away from the wizarding world but also back into it.

Where would their secrets take him next?

---

​1. Herpetology is the study of reptiles and amphibians. Serpentology is
the study of snakes specifically.
