# The Huntress

"What's wrong with him? Is it serious?" Harry asked worriedly. He had
stayed back after Potions had ended, just as Hermione had suggested, to
ask the Slytherin Head of House about Tom. Snape wasn't at all pleased
to have him linger, especially over something as frivolous as 'friendly
concern'.

"Mr. Potter, it is not my habit to break teacher/student confidence by
releasing medical information to random students. Suffice to say, Mr.
Rook was sick long before attending Hogwarts, and he suffered a relapse
over the summer. Perhaps he will return later this year or perhaps he
won't. If you wish to know anything more, I recommend writing to him
yourself. Now if you'll excuse me, I have another class to prepare."

Harry was in no position to fight with the professor, and stalked out of
the classroom in a huff. Hermione, Draco, and Natalie were there waiting
for him, but Clyde had seemingly disappeared.

"Any luck?" Natalie asked.

"Just that Tom is sick again. I'll have to write him myself if I want to
know what's going on. At least he's alive, though. Where's Clyde?

"He said he was hungry," Hermione offered.

"Well, I am too," Harry said, "Want to have lunch outside today?"

"Naturally," Draco said, "We can't have a real conversation with all the
plebs squawking in the Great Hall."

Hermione shook her head.

"Sorry guys, but McGunny called an emergency meeting. You'll have to go
on without me."

"I don't know how we'll survive," Natalie mocked. So Harry went to the
lake with Natalie and Draco, laden with a basket of sandwiches and
apples. It was a little strange to be together without Hermione, but
soon enough they were talking comfortably about this and that.

"You should show Natalie your tan lines. I bet they're still there,
aren't they?"

"I'm not taking off my shirt to show her that. What if someone saw?"

"I don't mind," the Slytherin girl grinned, but then frowned again as
she looked over Harry's shoulder towards the castle. The boys followed
her gaze and spotted Hermione hurrying towards them. "Oh, bother."

"Do you think something happened?" Harry asked. Draco shrugged.

"We'll find out soon enough. What's wrong, sis?"

Hermione looked frazzled, although not quite panicked. In fact, she
looked more indignant than anything.

"This is so utterly ridiculous, and to call an emergency meeting over it
is... ridiculous!"

"We gathered that," said Draco, "Now what is so ridiculous?"

"Sara Bella Parker said she wanted to discuss rearranging the paper's
format, but all she *really* wanted was more room for her gossip column,
or more specifically, a new section of it."

Now here Hermione actually looked embarrassed and was having trouble
meeting Harry's eyes. The Gryffindor boy was starting to catch on.

"It involves me, doesn't it?"

Hermione grimaced.

"Involves you? No, Harry, it *is* you. She wants to add a Harry Potter
column and call it something stupid like-"

"'If Only You Were Half This Cool'?" Natalie offered.

"'Read If You Have No Life'?" was Draco's suggestion.

A witty come back escaped Harry at the moment, being smothered in an
overwhelming feeling of dread and embarrassment. Hermione picked up the
slack for him.

"No, more like 'The Prince of Hogwarts' or something lame like that.
Even worse is I think McGunny might do it. He kept saying things like
'human interest stories' and 'increased market appeal'. For once,
Weasley and I were on the same side. I think we managed to scare Parker
into dropping it, but now McGunny seems to have picked up the idea. I'm
really, really sorry Harry, I didn't know what else to do."

Harry just nodded, unable to say anything. Increased popularity, he
could handle that, but a *newspaper article?* He was too young to deal
with paparazzi! What if they started following him around? What if they
learned some of his secrets? About his parents, his godfathers,
Voldemort, Sweetey?

"Maybe... maybe we can get Professor Toure to stop it. I mean, she has
the final say about these things, right?"

Hermione's eyes widened.

"Of course! I can ask her after dinner... or perhaps you should ask her,
since you're the 'victim' so to speak. It might be awkward for one of
the reporters to object to doing a story."

"Er... yeah."

"There, there, Harry," Natalie said, patting his shoulder. "It was only
a matter of time. What with you being Voldemort's potential 'love
child', this sort of thing was bound to happen. Think of it as practice
for the real world."

"I would have you know, I *know* my real father, and I look *just* like
him. From my impossible hair to my knobby knees. I wish people would
stop implying Voldemort as the alternative."

"Perhaps he's your grandfather? You could always ask Ms. Parker to
investigate."

"Natalie..."

"It was only a suggestion."

"In the mean time, Potter," Draco said, "Be as boring and uninteresting
as we know you can be."

That, despite being utterly rude, was probably the most helpful advice
anyone could offer.

---

Unfortunately, it was also impossible. Harry's life simply wasn't boring
or uninteresting. Even the avoidance of the newspaper article was an
adventure. Asking Toure to put a stop to it was like asking the Pope to
worship Satan. When he had asked, she went into a very long spiel about
the rights of the public and uncorrupted news flow, and Harry understood
within the first thirty seconds she wasn't going to help and was crazier
than he had thought. Despite Hermione and Ron's attempts to block the
article, it had gained popularity with the rest of the staff and it was
decided to officially incorporate it into their first issue of the
school year by next Monday.

Defeated on one front, Harry had to battle for his privacy on another.
He asked all his friends not to answer even casual questions about him,
and talked to Fred and George about possible ways to discourage the
reporters from asking. He should have known better than to ask, because
they took his request for assistance a little too enthusiastically. They
followed him around when ever they could between classes and meals,
acting like bodyguards and frightening the reporters and his classmates
alike.

The Hogwarts Herald crew, however, took on the challenge with a fervor.
At least one person (usually Parker, who was the same year as him and
was in several of his classes) followed him around, sometimes asking him
questions, sometimes asking his friends questions, sometimes asking
complete strangers if they knew anything. Harry had taken to using the
Maruader's Map to sneak in between classes and avoided the Great Hall
whenever the weather permitted. When it became clear that Harry wasn't
going to be offering any information himself, the crew turned to
McGonagall, who had nothing to say but 'student files are confidential'
and listed the many possible punishments should anyone think to violate
that privacy.

In the end, the Hogwarts Herald had to resort to scavenging off of
Wizarding Weekly articles to put together an article of their own, but
even so, much of it was speculation rather than facts. Monday's article
took up almost half of the gossip column (which had already been
expanded), and brought into question several assumptions about Harry.
Everyone knew that Harry had lived in Germany, but few knew the reason
why or how he had ended up in England. Fewer still knew about his
parents, if he'd even been raised by both or one or neither of them, or
if they had been from England themselves and fled during or after the
war or originally been from the colonies, or if they had even been
wizards or not. In addition to Harry Potter's mysterious origins, lay
his mysterious abilities. Parseltongue, excellent flying skills, and
unusually strong control of wandless magic. Where had these skills come
from? Were they inherited by the mysterious parents? Innate? Or from
something stranger? Certainly, Harry Potter had had strangely numerous
run ins with danger. A kidnapping no one seemed to know the specifics of
accept for Morgenson and Whitehall, who had mysteriously disappeared
after their expulsion. The closure of a business Harry worked at for the
summer (now where had they learned about that connection?). Then of
course, the attacks at the school that Harry had finally put a stop to.
The relationship between Voldemort and Harry was equally as mysterious,
and the only thing confirmed was that Harry spent last Christmas and a
portion of that summer with the Dark Lord.

It all read like a Spanish soap opera commercial to Harry. Hermione
didn't know what a Spanish soap opera was, but agreed that it was poor
journalism.

"It's just a bunch of teasers. Parker is trying to get people hooked on
'The Mystery of Hogwarts', before she starts giving out any real
information if she even has any. It even sounds like a cheesy mystery
novel not a real article. 'The Mystery of Hogwarts'. Ppffftt."

Harry almost laughed at the sound from the normally very articulate
Hermione, but he wasn't really in a laughing mood. They had gotten the
paper that morning, and were now on their way to Potion's and pretending
to ignore the whispers and speculative looks the students were sending
his way.

"This is stupid," he said at last, "They all knew most of what she said
before. Why is everyone so interested now?"

Hermione couldn't offer any answers, and the rest of the walk was spent
in silence. If only Potion's class had been so uneventful.

"Potter! Detention!"

Harry blinked in confusion, turned to Hermione, who looked equally
surprised. They hadn't even taken their seats yet. Class hadn't even
*started* yet! The potion's master must have found something to get
pissy about though, because his expression was down right livid.

"And see me after class, as well."

"Er..."

"Shut up."

Disoriented from this latest surprise attack, he let Hermione pick a
seat and perform most of the potion work, while he tried to figure out
what exactly he had done to earn Snape's ire. He could think of nothing,
however, and nearly ruined the potion due to his distraction. The great
bat snarling something at him every five minutes didn't help matters at
all. After a grueling hour of uncertainty and annoyance, the class
finally finished and Harry found himself standing before Snape's desk.
He told his friends not to wait up, since the potion's master often took
his time with tormenting him, and Hermione left with her Slytherin
cohorts to get lunch. For once, Snape didn't ignore Harry for the first
five minutes like he usually did, but glowered behind his desk the
moment they were alone.

"I trust you know why I am so angry?"

"You're angry, sir? Sorry, it's hard for me to tell."

Harry couldn't see Snape's eye twitching, but he could imagine it very
clearly. The man startled him, however, when he suddenly slammed his
hand on to his desk, bringing forth a copy of the Hogwart's Herald.
Harry groaned. God, as if having every student in Hogwarts read that
tripe wasn't enough, now *Snape* was getting into it.

"I demand an explanation."

Harry just stared at him. Snape stared back, and after a moment realized
Harry really didn't have any idea about what he was talking about.

"About the article."

Still, completely blank.

"Involving you."

Nothing.

"Oh, come on Potter, I know you're a conceited little snot but I didn't
think you were so conceited as to have it set down in paper."

Not so blank now, and quite thoroughly angry, just like Snape wanted.

"*This,*" Harry hissed in what may or may not have been parseltongue,
"was *not* my idea. I went to Professor Toure to put a stop to it, but
she refused. I avoided being interviewed, *despite* being hounded
everywhere I go, and asked everyone I knew to keep to themselves too.
What ever is in there is just speculations taken from common knowledge
and old newspaper articles. As if I *want* everyone snooping into my
business."

"Don't lie, Potter. I've already heard about the 'exclusive' interview
you promised Ms. Parker. You're playing a risky game, and you're a fool
if you think you can win it."

"I didn't promise that! Who said I did?"

"A source from inside the paper," he said vaguely.

"Does this source have a name that bears a remarkable resemblance to
'weasel'?"

"Don't take that tone with me, young man. I-"

"Hellooooo?"

Teacher and pupil stopped, mid-argument, to turn their attention to the
unexpected interruption. There was a light tapping on the classroom
door, and then it opened to reveal Professor Larousse. She had
relinquished her teaching robes for a set of light green ones, and in
her hand she held a picnic basket. Both wizards tensed at the sight of
her beaming face.

"Oh! I'm sorry. Am I interrupting something?"

They shared a brief look, deciding how much was worth giving away and
how much to keep to themselves. Snape took the lead.

"No, I was just discussing an assignment with Mr. Potter here."

Harry just nodded. Larousse looked approving.

"Hogwart's staff has always impressed me with its willingness to help
their students," she said, completely missing the glare Snape sent at
Harry, who looked as if someone had punched him in the gut. "Well, since
you've been working so hard, I was wondering if you'd like to accompany
me outside for lunch? The weather won't be this nice for long, after
all."

"As much as I would like to madam, I am in charge of supervising my
House during lunch," Snape said in mock regret.

"Oh, I know. I had Professor Vector take over for today. He owed me a
favor."

"Oh..."

A moment of silence, while the dour potion's master mentally scrambled
for an excuse to back out. Harry decided to leave the man to his fate,
and turned to leave with a cheerful spring in his step.

"Enjoy your picnic, Professor Larousse, Professor Snape. I'll see you-"

"Why don't you join us, Harry dear?"

The boy stopped abruptly.

"What?"

"Since Professor Snape is your guardian, why don't we all have lunch
together? We could discuss some of what we talked about last week. Have
you thought about it at all?"

"Er..."

"That is a good idea," Snape said quickly, coming up to stand behind
Harry, placing a firm hand on his shoulder. "I should like to know what
you have been up to this week."

"But-"

The dark man leaned in and said more quietly than the other professor
could hear.

"You can serve your detention now or tonight. You choose."

"... Sounds like fun."

"Wonderful!" she said, and led them out onto the grounds. She found a
nice little spot by the lake very near to where Harry liked to go with
his friends. Summer was already starting to give way to autumn, and
despite the heat of the day there was a cool breeze flowing down from
the north, smelling of potential rain for later that evening. Harry and
Larousse settled on the cheery little checkered blanket easily, and
after an awkward moment of uncertainty, Snape sat down as well, albeit
stiffly. Larousse wasted no time to start up a conversation.

"You know, I used to have picnics under this very same tree with my
husband. He gave me my first kiss here, too. We couldn't have been much
older than Harry when we started dating. It makes me quite nostalgic."

"Fascinating," Snape said blandly, accepting a roll from her, followed
by some blueberry jam.

"Of course, you might remember it, Severus. You cursed this tree to
throw its apples at every boy that got underneath it. It gave Jonathan a
rather nasty black eye. Oh, I was so mad at you," she said, laughing at
the memory.

"I assure you, I wasn't aiming for your boyfriend. It just so happened
this tree was very popular with several individuals with whom I was
feuding at the time," he replied evenly, although there was a touch of
amusement. "As I recall, you unleashed a plague of maggots in my
cauldron and ruined a perfectly good batch of Coughing Drought. Very
nearly cost me my top spot in Potions that year."

"You went to school together, Professors?" Harry asked curiously. It
hadn't occurred to Harry that they might have known each other before,
or even that Larousse had gone to Hogwarts. He couldn't recall anyone
having mentioned it.

"I was in Ravenclaw and a year behind Severus, and my boyfriend,
Jonathan, was a Hufflepuff and a year ahead of him. We were all in
Dueling Club together, before the school dissolved the club anyway. Some
nonsense about encouraging House rivalry and violence. It was all pretty
hypocritical since they kept quidditch, which caused ten times the
number of injuries Dueling club did."

"You threw quite the hissy fit over that as well," Severus recalled,
something very close to a smile tugging at his lips. "I was surprised
you didn't go into politics. You seemed to enjoy arguing so much."

"I very nearly did join the ministry, but those were bad times and I was
very pregnant with Tony. Jonathan didn't want me caught in the middle of
all of it in my condition, for all the good it did any of us in the
end."

There was a tense silence, and Harry felt the conversation had stumbled
into a very sensitive subject, and anything he said might make it worse.
So he waited, and at last Snape spoke again.

"I'm sorry about Jonathan. He was alright, as far as Hufflepuffs go.
Very down to earth. And Tony, of course... so young."

"Oh, shut up, Severus," she said, not harshly, but firmly. "You never
gave either a second thought after you first heard about them. So many
people were dying left and right, what did a couple you barely knew
matter? I can't say I thought about you or anyone else after glimpsing
them in the paper. Our names never even got that far. The Ministry made
sure of that."

"..."

"Poor Harry, you have no idea what we're talking about, do you?"

"I think I have an idea."

"Half an idea is worse than no idea at all. My husband and I were making
money as Harvesters- we caught and disassembled animals for potion
ingredients- and someone told the Ministry we were performing dark
rituals with animal sacrifices. About ten aurors barged into our house
in the middle of the night without announcing themselves, and we both
assumed we were being attacked by Death Eaters and tried to defend
ourselves. Jonathan and my little Tony, not even a year old, were
killed. I spent almost a year in St. Mungos trying to recover. Even when
everything was cleared up, the Ministry never apologized. Never
acknowledged their mistake. I suppose that's why no one was really that
sorry to see it go. It was rotten to the core by then... no, it was
rotten long before."

Harry could say nothing. It was such a personal and tragic story, and
bore uncomfortable familiarities with his own. A sole survivor of a
murdered family and even after the truth is revealed, justice fails, and
they're left alone to make the most of things. Even Snape's vile
insensitivity was held at bay by the aura of loss that hung around his
companions. Larousse took a deep breath and shook herself from her
melancholy.

"Why are we even talking about this? I came out to enjoy the weather,
not reminisce on old wounds. Let's change the subject. So Harry, decided
what you want to do with your life?"

"... not die?"

Snape rolled his eyes and Larousse laughed, the bitterness in her eyes
retreating instantly.

"That isn't as funny as you think," Snape said. "I'm quite skeptical of
Mr. Potter's survival into adulthood. Frankly, I doubt he'll survive
puberty."

"... that pretty much sums it up," Harry agreed, taking a bite of his
peach. "I think there are bets going around about how I'll die. I think
I'll get eaten, but Hermione's quite convinced it will be the result of
a quidditch accident."

"I put 20 galleons on poisoning."

"No one will accept a bet you could help bring about."

"Ah well..."

"Severus! That isn't funny!"

"Of course not," he agreed as blandly as he had every thing else. "How
else am I to reach early retirement, now?"

"I'll bequeath my glasses to you," Harry offered, "You could auction
them out to the fan girls."

"How generous of you. Who gets your cloak? The one that changes colors?"

"Natalie. Hermione has a thing against furs."

"Severus, Harry, *enough*. That really isn't funny," Larousse said, any
humor she'd had before completely evaporated. Harry looked away, staring
at his fingers, shiny and sticky from the peach. No, it wasn't really
funny in a 'ha ha' sense, but it was rich in irony. He wasn't kidding
about the glasses or the fur coat. In fact, he had his very own little
will written out and magically protected at the bottom of his trunk.
Only Clyde knew about it, and he was the only one Harry intended to
tell, but it was legally binding and should automatically submit itself
to Robert Reiger, the lawyer whom he had met at his first adoption party
and whose card was still settled snuggly between the pages of a school
book.

Larousse sighed as the silence stretched after her admonishment.

"Honestly, you two really are such boys."

"I believe I still have a birth certificate around here somewhere, if
you doubt it," Snape said.

"I could get a note from the nurse."

"Now you're ganging up on me. Play fair, won't you? I'm only one woman
after all."

"Maggots," Snape reminded her.

"Maggots aside, no ganging up on a lady. Besides, we've gotten off
topic. We were suppose to help Harry figure out what he wants to do."

Snape gestured toward Harry to answer, already surmising what the boy
would say.

"I really don't know. Am I suppose to? I mean, I haven't even gotten
into the upper level courses yet. I don't know what I'm really good at.
I don't even know half of what kind of careers are out there. I know
most of the court positions and about teaching jobs and some research
jobs and construction, but there has to be a lot more out there. Like...
who collects all the ingredients for potion's class? Who runs the floo
network? Who makes up all these spells and potions we learn about in
class? If there are lawyers and doctors and veterinarians in the
wizarding world, are there dentists and real estate agents and normal
jobs like that too? What about art school? Or trade school? Should I-"

Snape held up a hand to stop him.

"The 'I really don't know' was sufficient."

"It seems you really *have* thought about it, Harry, and you've got a
lot of questions too. I think you might try some aptitude tests to
narrow down your search."

"They have those here?"

Snape shuddered. "Yes, but don't give them too much weight. I took one
once."

Amused, Larousse asked what it suggested.

"Teaching."

---

"Harry, are you alright?"

In the lamp light of the common room, Ginny Weasley was half shadows and
half concerned friend. The subject of her concern was curled up in the
windowsill, looking out into the rain that had blown in shortly after
nightfall. There had been rumors going around all afternoon that Snape
and Larousse had both been absent from lunch and were secretly on a
date, but Ginny knew from Hermione that Harry was with Snape, so that
was impossible. Something must have happened with the potion's master,
because the boy had been acting strange. Harry had returned from his
meeting with Snape, very quiet and withdrawn, and despite his friends
attempt to cheer him up, he had remained listless.

"Oh, hey Ginny. Why aren't you in bed?" he said, startled from his
introspection.

"I could ask the same of you. What's the matter?"

"Nothing, really. Just thinking about things."

She moved to the adjoining windowsill and pressed her hand against the
glass, feeling it cool and vibrating from every drop of rain that struck
it.

"Sad things?"

"... Yes, I suppose so. I've been thinking about parents."

Ginny had suspected as much. She did not know all the details, but
certainly more than the Hogwarts' Herald could claim. She knew Harry was
an orphan at the very least, though not what had taken his parents from
him.

"About how they died?"

"No... not that. Not just my parents. I was just thinking about all the
kids who don't have their parents, and parents who don't have their
kids. Like me and Hermione and all those boys and girls in WYRA, and how
all their parents are either dead or don't remember their kids ever
existing. Or all those people who lost their families during the war.
Did you know Professor Larousse had a husband and son? I don't think
even Hermione knew that. They were both killed by the old Ministry by
accident. How awful is that?"

Ginny didn't say anything for a long time, taking in what Harry had said
and how he had said it, his vibrant green eyes haunting in the
white-gray reflections of the glass.

"It's very awful. I know how you feel Harry. I know my situation isn't
the same because my mum's alive, but in some ways I think it makes
things worse. After dad..."

She had to stop for a moment. It had been years since she had thought
about it, locking the pain of it away for the sake of both her and her
mother. But she would unlock it for Harry, and it was as shiny and sharp
as it had ever been, kept safely in that little cabinet in her heart.

"After dad was arrested, everything fell apart. It wasn't just that he
was gone, and that really hurt by itself, but there was no one to help
mum. We all tried, we really did, but what could we do? Mum wouldn't let
Bill get a job because he was in Hogwarts then, and that was really the
only safe place to be at the time, and none of the rest of us were old
enough to work or really take care of ourselves. I wasn't even old
enough for kindergarten yet. But we tried to make things at least easier
for her, but it wasn't enough. Everything so expensive after the war and
jobs were hard to come by, so when she could find work she had to work
really, really hard and still couldn't pay all our bills and keep food
on the table. No matter how hard we tried to keep out of trouble and
keep clean and help with chores and not eat much and look after each
other, mum was always working and tired and cried at night when she
thought we were asleep. I remember thinking once it would be better for
mum if we all got taken away... and then we did."

Tears were falling, fast and hard, a dam released, and Harry's arms were
suddenly around her, pressing her against his chest. His heartbeat
pounded loudly in her ears, drowning out her own sobbing and he was
trembling as hard as she was.

"Oh Merlin, I can't forget it," she wept, "I can't forget how those men
and women came to our house to take my brothers away. Mum was screaming
and screaming, and we all tried to run away from them, but they cast
stunning charms on us and mum just kept screaming. And when I woke up,
she was crying and my brothers were all gone, and she couldn't stop
crying and I couldn't stop either, and I still can't stop."

They were on the floor now, Harry rocking her against him as she sobbed
into his chest. It was so strange and painful and wonderful. She hadn't
told anyone about that day, about the days that had led to it. Her
mother and brothers knew already, and she had figured that was enough,
but this was so much better. Harry was warm and kind and so strong, and
she knew he understood. And after a while the tears stopped, and she
felt calm and strangely clean, her head still resting against his chest.

"You know, it's strange," she said, "But eventually, it did get better.
It's still hard, it still hurts, but it's better. Mum misses my brothers
a lot, but we still get to see each other, especially Charlie and Bill.
They come over all the time and help around the house, and Percy has
started coming over more often now that he learned to apparate. I don't
know what's wrong with Ron though. He can be so sweet, he really can,
especially to me and mum, but he's so angry too. Do you know why he's so
angry?"

Harry said nothing for a moment, just continuing to rock her gently.

"... I can make a few guesses, but I don't know him that well."

"Do you ever get angry about it? I mean, that your parents died and left
you behind?"

Another silence, and he stopped rocking her for a moment. She pulled
back a little to look up into his eyes. Still so incredibly green even
in the shadows and half light of the lamps, and burning even in their
grief.

"Yes... sometimes. I know they didn't want to and they would be here if
they could, but... there's a lot of things they never told me. Really
important things, and now I'll never be able to ask. I think that's what
really gets me some times. I should have grown up knowing I'm a wizard.
I could have been so much more prepared for things that have happened to
me, but they... they wanted to live as muggles, even though they
weren't, even though they must have known I wouldn't be one either. I
feel cheated. That makes me angry sometimes."

Ginny nodded, wiping away the remnants of her tears. She sensed their
time was coming to an end. She was all cried out and Harry was
withdrawing into himself again. She wanted so badly to kiss him then, to
draw him back into their brief moment of closeness, before it dissolved
into the thing of dreams.

But she couldn't. Despite her House's boast of bravery, she couldn't
bring herself to risk his rejection. It seemed impossible that he would
accept her like that. There were already two beautiful, proud, and
confident girls in his life. What would he see in a dumpy, broken little
thing like herself other than a friend?

"You should get some sleep. Tonight's a school night," Harry said,
helping Ginny to her feet.

"Yeah, you too," she finished lamely, finding herself now unable to look
him in the eyes again. "Goodnight, Harry."

"Goodnight, Ginny."

She was half way up the stairs when he spoke again, just barely audible
over the pattering of the rain.

"And Ginny... thanks."

"For what? You're the one who listened to me whine, not the other way
around," she said meekly.

"For telling me... for telling me it gets better. That's what I really
needed to know. That it will all just keep getting better. And that I'm
not the only one who gets mad at dead people, even though its a silly
thing to do."

They chuckled softly, and she could look him in the eyes again.

"Your quite welcome, Mr. Potter."

"Until tomorrow then, Ms. Weasley," he said with an exaggerated bow,
then retreated to his dorm. Ginny stood on the stairwell a long time,
feeling all a flutter. She hadn't thought she could love Harry anymore
than she did, but what she felt at that moment made any previous
affection seem pale and frivolous.

"Until tomorrow..." she sighed happily.
