# The Huntress

"*That's enough, Shuref.*"

The viper obediently pulled away from the 'milking jar', drops of his precious
venom pooling at the bottom. Harry hissed words of thanks and praise to him,
caressing the top of his head in the way he liked best, before returning the
snake to its enclosure. He turned to Healer Coulter and handed her the jar
with barely a glance.

"That's the last of it, I think."

The woman eyed the jar and then Harry with a sort of fondness he didn't
reciprocate.

"We'll miss you around here, Harry. You're a very interesting young man."

Harry wasn't sure what she wanted, but he had made his dislike of her clear
from the first day and if she thought he was going to change his mind now she
was sorely mistaken.

"Goodbye, Healer Coulter."

"Aren't you going to say goodbye to Healer Reed and Meldwich?"

He didn't bother to reply, but left the artificial jungle without looking back
at her. After half a summer of being treated like a particularly clever guinea
pig, there was only one person in the bestiary that he felt he owed a proper
goodbye to. He descended the stairs, dropped off his lab coat and security
badge at the front desk, and headed out to the recently added dragon nursery,
little more than a dome of fireproof stone with a massive steel door. Hagrid
was there, using his break to read the newspaper to his clutch of three tiny
Irish Blues. The half-giant insisted that even though they didn't understand a
word, they loved to listen to the sound of their 'mama's' voice. Harry thought
this true, but only because the babies had very poor vision and liked to know
in which direction they should blow their flames.

"... and despite the Sentinel's diligent search, no trace of the prisoner has
been found. It is believed, that as an Auror of the old Ministry, Moody had
inside knowledge of the workings of Azkaban and law enforcement procedures,
which were used in his escape- oh! Hey, there 'Arry!"

"Hey, Hagrid. What'cha reading?"

The man smiled and showed him the article. The paper was badly singed,
evidence of the Irish Blues enthusiasm for their 'story time', but Harry could
make out the picture of a rather frightful looking man with a dirty eye-patch
and a headline reading:

FORMER AUROR ESCAPES 'UNESCAPABLE' PRISON

"That there is an old acquaintance of mine, and your folks too. He was part of
the Old Crowd. His name is Alaster Moody, but we all called him Mad-Eye. One
leg and one eye and still causing the Dark Lord's cronies hell," Hagrid
chuckled, and Harry smiled.

All summer the half-giant had been telling him tales about the war, and some
of the adventures he and the 'Old Crowd' had while working for Dumbledore to
stop the Death Eaters. It was strange to hear names of people he knew and
liked or at least respected being cast as both heroes and villains, but with
Hagrid telling the tales it had all the wonder and believability of a child's
fairy tale. It was fun, like making his mother Snow White, Headmistress
Lestrange the evil witch, and all his friends as the dwarfs.

"It's a strange world, 'Arry," Hagrid continued, turning to stop a scuffle
between two of his dragons, who thanks him promptly by setting his beard
alight. The half-giant had it out again with practiced ease in a mere second
or two. "Used to be men like Moody going around catching men like Malfoy. The
whole place goes topsy turvy in a year, and half the time you can't even tell
the difference."

"Is it like that saying? You know, 'the more things change the more they stay
the same'?"

Hagrid thought for a moment and then nodded in agreement.

"Aye, tha'd be it. Just like that. You're a clever one, 'Arry. You'll do good
in life. Speaking of which, it's almost time for school again, ain't it? Ya
ready ta go?"

"I can't wait. I haven't seen my friends since my birthday and then we only
went shopping for school supplies. Plus, no more living with Snape for the
summer or those silly etiquette lessons or Healer Meldwich or... is it bad
that I enjoy the school year more than the summer break?"

Hagrid burst out laughing.

"Nothing wrong with liking school. It's probably more of a home than anywhere
else at the moment. You wouldn't be the first to think so and you won't be the
last."

---
---

Harry straightened his tie as an excuse to look at his reflection in the
station house window, looking for any remainder of the pale band of skin over
his eyes that marked where his ritual paint had been. After nearly a month,
the untanned skin had mostly darkened to match the rest of his complexion, but
underneath his shirt Harry could still quite clearly see where the symbols had
been. He wasn't intending to make his vacation into werewolf territory public
knowledge, and trying to explain his markings might prove a bit awkward.

"Mr. Potter, if you don't stop fidgeting with your tie, I will be forced to
strangle you with it."

Harry looked over at his potion's professor, standing stiffly ahead of him.
The man was just as dour and unpleasant as ever, and despite spending almost
an entire summer with him, Harry couldn't say he was any more or less fond of
the man. Snape, it seemed, would forever be Snape, regardless of his setting.

"Yes, Professor."

"I trust you can make it the remaining twenty steps to the passenger cars
without falling into mortal peril or starting a riot?"

"Yes, Professor."

"I should like to see you demonstrate."

"See you at the Welcoming Feast, sir."

He rolled his trolley over to the baggage handlers, leaving his trunk and
Elsbeth's empty cage in their care, and took only his school satchel and Inana
in her basket to the first available car. No mortal peril or riots presented
themselves, and feeling quite proud of his success, Harry went in search of
his friends.

The train was only half full, and Harry had the benefit of leaving his
clunkier luggage in the baggage car, so he was able to navigate fairly well.
Perhaps the only impediment was the number of school mates who stopped to
greet him and ask about his summer and what his plans that year were. It was a
bit odd since no one had seemed nearly as interested the year before, but the
narrow and busy aisle of a train wasn't the place to ponder it so he focused
on finding the right compartment.

He was coming towards the end of the passenger cars, when his way was
obstructed by a woman heading in the opposite direction. Something about her
immediately caught his attention. She was pretty with pale skin and chocolate
brown hair cropped just under her chin in Parisian chic. She was only in her
early thirties, but carried herself like a confident professional, vaguely
arrogant and daring anyone to stand in her way.

Harry didn't particularly feel like taking up that dare, so he looked for a
place to move out of her way but before he got the chance, she had spotted
him.

"Harry!"

The Gryffindor jumped in surprise, and looked quickly behind him, but there
wasn't anyone there but Colin Creevey and his brother. Turning back towards
the woman, he found she had moved much closer, and he nearly stumbled back in
surprise but she caught him by the hand and shook it firmly.

"You must be the infamous Harold Potter. I've heard so much about you!"

"Um... hello?"

"Oh, excuse me, I didn't mean to startle you. I am Professor Vesper Larousse,
your new DA&D instructor."

Harry took another moment to reassess her. Still quite pretty, but on closer
inspection he could spot a faint scar over her lip and one of her fingers
didn't close completely over the case she was carrying. Her outer robe was a
fashionable lavender color, but under that was a courser black set, and she
wore boots with steel toes and short heels. Her dark brown eyes were alert,
examining him while he examined her.

"I see. Well then, it's nice to meet you, Professor Larousse. I hope you enjoy
your time at Hogwarts."

"No need to be so formal, Harry. I suspect we'll be *good* friends before the
end of the year."

"Er... yeah, perhaps we will. Um..."

"If you are looking for Ms. Granger and Mr. Malfoy, they are three doors down
and to your left," she offered, and neatly moved into one of the compartments
to let him pass.

"Oh, yeah, thank you, Professor."

He hurried past her, and straight to the indicated compartment, barely making
sure it was the right one before shutting the door behind him. Hermione,
Natalie, and Draco looked up when he entered.

"What happened to you this time?" Draco drawled, fully prepared to accept a
story involving unicorns and Viking invaders.

"Creepy new professor. She called me 'Harry'."

Hermione expression was condescending. "Well, that is your name. I don't think
you should go around calling people 'creepy' just for that."

"Hermione, she called *me* Harry, she called you, Ms. Granger and Draco, Mr.
Malfoy, and knew that I was looking for you without me saying so. And then she
said we'd be 'good friends' by the end of the year. She was definitely
creepy."

Natalie laughed.

"Presumptuous woman. I'd like to meet her."

"You'll get your chance. She teaches our Dark Arts and Defense class. Have any
of you ever heard of Vesper Larousse?"

Hermione perked up.

"I remember her. She used to come to our Christmas parties. She scared McNair
silly. I remember wanting to be just like her, but then I haven't seen her in
years."

Draco and Natalie just looked blank, nothing coming to mind.

"Well, if she can scare McNair, at least she must have some clue about what
she's doing."

"What ever happened to McNasty anyway?" Natalie asked.

"Azkaban, last I heard," Draco said, "Lets hope he doesn't pull a 'Moody' and
escape."

"That isn't funny," Hermione scolded. "Moody is very dangerous. The newspaper
says his cell was covered in pictures of him killing Death Eaters in all these
horrible ways. A lot of people are really scared he'll decide to come after
them. Lucius included."

"Father isn't afraid of anything. Besides, if the man is really clever enough
to escape from prison he should be clever enough to get the hell out of
Britain."

"That' sort of the point, Draco. He's crazy, but he's clever too. Who knows
what harm he could do if he isn't caught?"

Neither Draco nor Natalie were impressed, and Harry didn't understand her
concern either. A crazy escaped prisoner was interesting, but hardly a concern
at Hogwarts. He doubted she was worried about *Lucius*.

---
---

"Hi, Harry!"

"Hi, Dean."

"Natalie, you curled your hair!"

"Horrid, isn't it? You'll have to help me straighten it again, Pamela."

"Good to see you again, Harry!"

"You too, Oliver."

"Hermione, did you know when our first meeting is again?"

"Probably tomorrow! You'll get a note in the morning!"

"Welcome back, Malfoy!"

"See you on the pitch, Hughes."

"Nice tan, Potter!"

"Thanks, Jacobson."

"Can I have your autograph, Harry!"

"Scram, you stupid twit," Draco snapped, sending the second year Hufflepuff
scurrying. They hadn't been off the train for even a minute, before they had
been inundated with friends, classmates, acquaintances, and complete strangers
all wanting to say hello or chat. It took another five minutes for Harry to
realize half of these were directed at him specifically, and twenty minutes
later as he walked though Hogwart's entry hall he still didn't know why.

"Who was that?" he asked, not recognizing her.

"Who knows?" Natalie said, clearly uninterested in finding out. "Just another
silly little girl with a crush. You're going to be quite popular this year,
you know."

"No, I hadn't known," Harry admitted, "Why?"

His friends all gave him a disbelieving look. Clyde, who had shown up with
Ginny shortly after the train left the station, was the most flabbergasted.

"Humility is grand and all, Harry, but now you're just being stupid."

"Hey!"

Ginny interrupted before a fight broke out.

"We talked about this last school year, Harry. You remember, right? Nice
clothes, good at sports, special talents, Voldemort's favorite little tyke.
Oh, and Jacobson was right That's a *really* nice tan... oh wait, all that
blushing has gone and ruined it. You look like a tomato now. So much for your
exclusive in *Witch's Wardrobe*."

They laughed as Harry turned darker and darker. He really didn't understand
what they were talking about. Sure he was good at Quidditch and Dueling, but
the rest of it? Parseltongue was little more than a party trick. Political
associates? *Voldemort?* Did they really admire or envy his time spent with
the unpredictable dictator? Most readily admitted that the man was terrifying.
Why would they want to associate with him? Why the heck would school kids care
about that sort of thing anyway?

The cloths... nonsense. There wasn't anything cool or sexy about his cloths.
Aside from a few of his formal things, most of what he wore was just generic
school things. His new tailored clothes definitely fit better, but he didn't
think they made him look any less like a geek. Frankly, he was afraid he
resembled Percy Weasley a little too much. Most of the other guys opted for
t-shirts and jumpers and jeans under their robes, and he thought those looked
cooler than his mini-accountant look.

Oh, Merlin, who was he kidding? He did have a lot going for him, but he knew
something his new admirers didn't. He had twice as much going against him.
Things that could send him fleeing from Britain or living as a werewolf or
...well, dead.

"Hurry up, Potter, or you'll have to sit next to the first years," Draco said,
breaking him from his thoughts. "We'll see you in class, tomorrow."

With that Draco and Natalie moved ahead to crowd into the Great Hall and
towards the Slytherin table. Harry and his remaining friends moved to their
own house table, and squeezed in with their fellow third years, except for
Ginny who went to sit with a group of second year girls who giggled and
glanced at Harry furtively.

He ignored them in favor of checking out the teacher's table. Voldemort was
there this year, looking particularly mysterious and intimidating in blacks
and blood reds. They hadn't spoken in a month, and Harry still had no idea
about what had happened at the full moon. He wasn't going to ask either, and
unless he was expected to return the following summer he didn't see a reason
why it should mattered. He would just prefer to forget about it all together.
Besides, the Dark Lord wasn't there to answer to Harry. He had learned from
Snape that Voldemort had taken time out of his busy schedule to make an
important announcement regarding the school, and he would leave immediately
afterwards.

Speaking of Snape...

He found his potion's professor a little ways down the table.

Along with Professor Larousse.

Who was *smiling* at Professor *Snape*. She seemed to be engaging the taciturn
man in conversation, and despite his obvious displeasure it seemed his usual
insults were not successful in ending her interest in him. In fact, judging by
the way Snape somehow choked on his tea, Harry suspected the woman had gotten
in a few successful jibes of her own. She had just graduated from 'creepy' to
'scary' in his young mind.

"Wow, she's cute!" Clyde said, beside him.

"Who?" Harry and Hermione asked in unison.

"The new teacher, of course! What's her name again?"

"Larousse," said Hermione.

"No, I mean her first name."

"Why would you need to know that? You think you'll ever be in a position to
use it? She's a teacher."

"I'm only curious."

Apparently, he wasn't the only one. Several other boys at their table were
asking the same thing, and commenting on how pretty she was. No one but Harry
seemed to notice that she her taste in men seemed to lean towards tall, dark,
and unpleasant.

The girls were all amazed that a teacher would have such a daring haircut and
bright red lipstick, which was like sticking a rose in a bouquet of daisies.
Striking and completely out of place.

It was such a silly topic, he thought, and turned to Hermione to say so, but
she was staring at the other woman, completely smitten. Oh, for Merlin's
sake...

Finally the Welcoming Feast began with the sorting of the first years. Harry
tried to stay interested, and looked for any potentially interesting new
students, but they all looked the same. Young, timid, and... short. Really
short. God, had he been that short two years ago?

Soon enough the seventy or so new students were sorted and settled at their
House tables, and Headmistress Lestrange made the usual announcements,
warnings, and introduced their newest teacher.

"... Professor Vesper Larousse-"

And there was a round of very enthusiastic clapping, as the woman stood and
smiled at them.

"- will be teaching Dark Arts and Defense this year. She has a very extensive
resume, but as this is her first year of teaching I expect *everyone* to
demonstrate why Hogwarts students are renown as the elite of the wizarding
world."

Lestrange gave a brief, but very pointed look in Harry's direction. The
Gryffindor fought the urge to shove his finger up his nose and drool into his
dinner, but just barely managed to contain himself. Another teacher, Professor
Mothman, part of a completely new class for seniors involving ancient magical
texts and artifacts, was introduced and received with considerably less
enthusiasm. He didn't seem to notice, but then if he coke bottle glasses and
the funny little funnel he held up to his ear was indication, it was probably
because he could neither hear or see well enough to tell the difference. A few
more trivialities were addressed that Harry left to Hermione to worry about
while he searched the student body for familiar faces. There was Horace
McGunny, the Hogwarts Herald's editor and chief and Hermione's (recently
usurped) hero, scribbling in his notebook at the Ravenclaw table. Cedric
Diggory, the most popular sixth year boy (and that said something coming from
Hufflepuff, long regarded as the dorkiest of houses) and Harry's potential
friend ever since last year's Sweetey debacle. Further down his own table were
Fred and George, strangely reserved since the train ride and thoroughly
behaving themselves as they appeared to listen to the announcements. Several
students had been inching away from them, fearing the calm almost more than
the storm they knew was coming. The twins spotted Harry, and broke character
to offer him a mischievous smirk.

So many familiar faces after months of disassociation brought a feeling of
warmth in his chest.

And yet, there was someone missing. Harry scanned the Slytherin table from one
end to the other, but no sign of his friend Tom Rook could be found. Tom's
usual cluster of friends seemed unnerved by their leader's absence. He turned
to Hermione, but before he could ask her anything the Great Hall became
deathly quiet.

Voldemort had stood and was preparing to speak.

"Ladies and gentleman," he said, his fierce gaze making it a command for quiet
obedience as much as generic titles, "You are all aware of your schools
importance to wizarding Britain, both historically and contemporary, as a
sanctuary of learning for our country's magical community. What many of you do
not realize is the state of decline the school has undergone for the last
three hundred years."

This brought a confused murmur, and even Harry found the idea disturbing.
Hogwarts was the finest school in Britain, some would boast in the world, and
after centuries of magical advancement it was somehow *declining?*

"Do not be alarmed. I do not mean to say that your education is somehow
lacking or the structure of school is deteriorating. Hogwarts' students are as
bright as ever, and her walls are the strongest and the most numerous they've
ever been. However, in the last three centuries, with the emergence of
alternative schools, the number of students has greatly declined even as the
school itself has expanded from the absorption of excess magic. To put it
simply, compared to three hundred years ago, Hogwarts is four times as large
with one fifth the number of students."

Another excited murmur, much of it confusion. Harry didn't understand much of
what was being said either. Hogwarts was growing? Not being expanded, but
increasing in walls due to magic it absorbed? From what? The students? Britain
in general? And there was suppose to be more students? Certainly, the school
had always seemed excessively large, and there were dozens, perhaps even
hundreds of unused rooms, but had the school really held... he paused to do
the math and the exact number escaped him, but it was well over two thousand
students.

*Two thousand students?*

He looked again to Hermione. She didn't look surprise, and in fact was
scribbling things down on a napkin. After giving the students a moment to
absorb what he had said, Voldemort continued.

"I believe this to be an incredible waste of Britain's resources, and have
decided to expand the school into a preparatory two-year college, accepting
approximately one thousand students and seventy new professors."

The students started to panic. If Hogwarts was going to be a university, where
would they go to school in the meantime? The Dark Lord glared, and everyone
quieted.

"Hogwarts will continue as a secondary school, with very little change on the
part of her students or teachers. There will be a rearrangement of classrooms,
some expansions to the library, several renovations, and a few other minor
accommodations, but little else will change. The college level students will
have their dorms in Hogsmeade, and should not interfere with your usual
pattern of living."

"All of this in fact, will take several years to accomplish, and the college
itself will not be opening for another five to ten years. I am only bothering
to explain this to you now, because of the engineers that will be roaming the
school making measurements. You will *not* get in their way, and if one finds
need of your assistance, you will be courteous enough to provide it. More
specific instructions will be provided by the Headmistress and your Heads of
House as the need arises. That is all that need be said, I believe. Have a
nice school year."

The 'or else' hung in the air as the Dark Lord stalked off through one of the
side doors, leaving the students momentarily struck speechless. It was broken
by Fred and George's suddenly excited exclamation.

"COLLEGE GIRLS! YES!"

The Great Hall broke out into peels of laughter, and then into excited gossip.
The Headmistress, finding no reason to break the festive mood, snapped her
fingers to begin the feast. Hermione was on her feet before she had so much as
a nibble of dinner.

"Harry, I need to go talk to McGunny. This news is HUGE!"

The young Gryffindor didn't doubt it, and he was interested, but there were
several other things that he found more concerning. Like, where was Tom? and
what was with Professor Larousse?

---
---

There were no opportunities to learn the answers to his questions until the
next morning, on the first day of classes. Hermione, who had spent most of the
Welcoming Feast with McGunny and the newspaper crew, organizing for the first
issue of the Hogwarts Herald, had heard nothing of Tom and had no idea what he
meant about Larousse. The other Gryffindors were equally unhelpful.

"You can ask Professor Snape about Tom after potions," Hermione said during
breakfast. "He's the Head of Tom's House, so he would definitely know."

"Do you think Draco would know?"

Harry would much rather ask his friend, than Snape and the cranky potion's
master would probably prefer the same thing.

"You can try him, but he'll only know the rumors and hearsay. They weren't
friends, so I doubt he knows anything concrete. Your most reliable source is
definitely Professor Snape, and we have potions just before lunch today so
it's would be convenient."

There was nothing *convenient* about the snarky man, but Harry wasn't going to
try and argue with her. The first class of the day was History of Magic, the
worst sort of class to have first thing in the morning, even with a professor
as zealous as Toure. He managed to keep awake through the first lecture of the
day by worrying about his next class. Dark Arts and Defense, one of Harry's
best subjects, loomed like an ominous storm cloud, threatening anything from a
light drizzly to raining down fire and brimstone.

He was nervous, perhaps more nervous than he had been when Hermione had told
him about McNair, and he couldn't say why. Larousse hadn't been threatening
when he met her, quite the opposite in fact, and he was good enough in Dueling
Club and his previous DA&D classes to feel confident of his skills. Still,
there was something about the woman that made him uneasy.

Hermione on the other hand, couldn't get to class fast enough, and despite his
misgivings he followed her into the lion's den and straight to the closest
seats at the front. They were not, to Hermione's displeasure, at the very
front, for several boys (including Clyde) had shown up even earlier than they
to snag the choice spots. Larousse was already there, cleaning up after her
previous class, which had something to do with the importation of non-native
dark creatures, and hopefully wasn't a subject they would have to learn until
seventh year. She had been ignoring the students until he caught her attention
entering the room. She offered him a bright smile and wave.

It was odd enough that even Hermione seemed surprised, while the others turned
jealous eyes his way. Harry shifted uncomfortably in his chair, and pretended
to look over the text books. They were good books, Harry thought, emphasizing
practical applications rather than theory or history, but he still had his
misgivings about the woman that would be teaching them.

At last, the rest of the students shuffled in, and class began.

"Good evening, class. As you know, I am your new DA&D instructor, Professor
Vesper Larousse. It is very nice to meet you all. Before I begin, I am afraid
I need to rearrange you all a bit. Oh, do not sulk. It is only for a week
until I can put all of your names with your darling faces," she said, her
smile so charming no one could muster up any resentment.

She had a paper with her and a pile of folders, and every time she assigned a
seat, she placed one of the folders with that students name on the desk. There
appeared to be no rhyme or reason to were anyone sat, but Harry (and the boys
who had arrived early) couldn't help but notice how very close he'd been
placed next to the teacher's desk. At the very least, Hermione had been placed
right next to him, and she was quite happy to be there.

"Now then," Larousse began once everyone was settled. "I have given each of
you a folder, and in each folder is your syllabus and assignment list, as well
as an assignment journal and score card. Each of your folders are unique and
keyed to you specifically. It will inform you everyday what we will be
studying, what assignments are due, past assignment grades, study progress,
and various other statistics and useful information. Do no lose it, it will be
vital for your final grade and you will be completely lost within a week
without it."

Everyone immediately started browsing through the folder. Sure enough, it was
crammed with information. Not only was there everything that she had
mentioned, but also an announcement sheet for tutoring schedules, extra credit
assignments, recommended reading material, and class ranking (Harry was number
three).

"Rather than waste time handing out papers and returning assignments, they
will appear in your folders at the very front. Check your folder everyday just
before and after class. Further more, these folders are for *you* only. Do not
show or share the contents with your fellow students, and do not ask to see or
borrow them from others. I will deduct five points from each student I catch
doing so. In case you are wondering, I am modelings this system after the
Court Executive and Judiciary system, which emphasizes confidentiality and
thorough record keeping. Many of you will go on to work at the Court after
graduating, and will be happy to have familiarized yourself with the system
before hand."

"Oh, that's clever," Hermione murmured to herself. Harry wasn't so sure. It
just seemed like a whole lot more paperwork to keep straight to him.

Professor Larousse gave them all a few more minutes to look through their
folders, before beginning her first lecture on protective clothing. She called
up Harry and Hermione to be her volunteer demonstrators. She transfigured them
both a closet and had them change into some dueling gear they were both
already familiar with.

"Most of you should be familiar with these," the professor said, gesturing up
and down Harry and Hermione's uniforms. "They are used during official Duels.
Now can anyone tell me why leather is preferred over metal?"

"Because it is lighter?" a Hufflepuff girl offered.

"A good guess, but no my dear. Metals can be magicked to be much lighter than
even leather. Anyone else?"

Harry and Hermione both knew, but as volunteers they knew they weren't suppose
to supply the answer. Snape had lectured them on it on the first day of
Dueling Club, but even Clyde and one of the Hufflepuffs who attended didn't
seem to recall it. Larousse, however, was prepared for that.

"Let's do an experiment then. Mr. Potter," she crooned, causing him to blush
like a fool. "Would you cast a light stunning hex on each of the dummies over
there."

She pointed to two dummies at the end of the room, quite the distance away in
fact for a hex, one dressed in typical leather dueling armor and the other in
a knight's metal armor. He did as she requested and hit each perfectly in the
middle of the chest. The dummy in leather shook a little, but remained
standing. The dummy in metal however, spasmed and sparked from head to toe and
fell off its post.

"Wonderful aim, Mr. Potter! Three points to Gryffindor. Now can anyone tell me
what happened? No? Well, you see, metal conducts most magics just like it does
electricity. The hex traveled from the chest through the entirety of the
armor, causing more harm than good to the body it was suppose to be
protecting. The leather armor, however, is organic, magically neutral, and
non-conductive, so it keeps the effect of the hex localized, even absorbing
some of it."

The lecture continued similarly, with Harry and Hermione changing into various
articles of protection, some they were familiar with and much of it they
weren't, and Larousse explaining how it all worked and why. Then they played a
game, mixing and matching armor and protective pieces to see what would stand
up best against certain spells and hexes. The combinations looked pretty
ridiculous on their models, but Harry and Hermione took it all in good humor
and laughed along with everyone else.

"Alright, everyone settle down," Larousse said finally, looking more energized
than when they had started. "That was an excellent practical, but now we must
move on to theory I'm afraid. Please applaud our gracious volunteers."

She gestured at the two Gryffindors, who bowed playfully as their classmates
clapped and whistled. They changed back into their school robes and took their
seats. The remainder of the class was notes and some assigned reading.

"Before you go, check your folder for today's assignment. You will all be
given a scenario, a list of protective clothing and items, and you must select
three items from the list you would wear or use and give your reasoning. One
foot minimum and don't try to cheat off your classmate. You've all been given
different scenarios. It's due Wednesday and be prepared to demonstrate your
choices as well. Dismissed."

There was some token grumbling, but it had been a good first class and
everyone was feeling cheerful. Harry and his friends were already comparing
scenarios, laughing at the examples that were used. Who on earth would leave a
three-headed dog to guard a bread box? Or a place a Hairy Hands curse on a
bath tub?

"Oh, Mr. Potter, would you stay a moment?"

Harry and his friends stopped abruptly, looking over at Professor Larousse.
She didn't seem at all upset about anything, but Harry couldn't fathom what
she might want. She had been extra complimentary of him during class, subtly
so, but he could tell every time she patted his shoulder and praised one of
his spells. Not that she had ignored Hermione or anyone else, but there was a
difference. Harry wasn't entirely sure what that difference was, but it was
there.

"Uh, sure, professor."

"We'll wait outside for you, Harry."

"Thanks Hermione."

Once alone, he approached the teacher's desk, and she smiled encouragingly.

"You look nervous, Harry. Don't be, you're not in any trouble, quite the
contrary in fact."

She had just called him Harry again, when during class she had referred to him
as 'Mr. Potter', and it made him even more uncomfortable than before.

"You know I was looking over the students records- to better design the
student curriculum you see- and yours caught my attention. You've had a very
exciting couple of years, Mr. Potter."

"Er... yeah, I guess so."

"And Professor Snape is now your guardian?"

"No... well, sort of. He looked after me this summer, but I pretty much belong
to the school."

"Mmm... is that so? How interesting. I don't suppose you've made any plans for
your future? You and Professor Snape?"

"Why would Sna- I mean, Professor Snape make plans for my future? I'm only
thirteen anyway. Graduation is a long way off."

"Not so long, my dear. Besides, next year you'll have to take electives, and
those will have a serious impact on your continued education and job
opportunities. I only say this to make you aware of your situation. I know you
do not have a parent to explain it all, and I wasn't sure if your Head of
House or Professor Snape would do so."

Harry had to concede her point. Neither Snape nor McGonagall or anyone else
mentioned it. He suspected Hermione would pretty soon, but certainly an
*adult* should have made it known to him first.

"Thank you, Professor, for bringing it to my attention."

She practically sparkled with happiness.

"You're quite welcome, Harry. Now I don't want you to stress. You have all
year to think about next year's classes and what *sort* of job you'd like, if
not the specific field. You have excellent grades in all your classes so far,
and your club activities increase your options, so I doubt you'll find
yourself limited. In fact I think you'll have *too* many options available. If
you find yourself stuck, I want you to know I'm here to help, if you ever need
it."

"Oh... I... Thank you. That's very generous of you. Are you sure Professor
McGonagall won't get mad at you?"

Larousse didn't look the least bit concerned.

"I don't see why. After all, she has all of her students to supervise in class
and an entire House to supervise outside of class, and could use the help, I'm
sure. Plus, didn't you say it yourself? You belong to the school? It's the
*entire* staff that is responsible for your wellbeing, you know."

Now that was a bit of twisted logic, but Harry wasn't really in a position to
argue with her. She was just being helpful after all, and he'd be some kind of
jerk for fighting with her over that. So he smiled as best he could, thanked
her again, and left to rejoin his friends in the hall.

"What did she want with you, Harry?" Clyde asked, obviously suspicious.

"She didn't want a date, if that's what you think."

The other boy turned pink around the eyes, then turned away to sulk.

"So what did she want?" Hermione picked up.

"Nothing really. She just wanted to remind me to think about what classes I
want next year. She said, she didn't know if anyone else would bother to tell
me since I don't have parents. Which they haven't...yet, anyway."

"Oh, so it was just a pity thing? Maybe that's why she's mother henning you?"
Clyde said hopefully, earning him a hearty Hermione slap.

"So you noticed too? I don't know, maybe it is just a pity thing. Maybe she's
sucking up to me to get in good with the Dark Lord. I don't know."

"Harry, I really don't think she's the sort to 'suck up'," Hermione insisted.
"She seems pretty straight forward. Maybe she just likes you. A lot of the
teachers do."

He didn't think a lot of teachers liked him personally, though he got along
with them all well enough, and he didn't think Professor Larousse could have
decided she liked him before they even met without an ulterior motive. He
didn't say anything though. Larousse hadn't done anything or said anything
that he could use in an argument one way or the other, and only time would
tell if he was just being paranoid or if she had something up her sleeve.

"Well, lets find a teacher who doesn't," Harry said instead, "Professor Snape
is going to skin us alive if we're late to the first potion's class of the
year."
