# Discord and the Prince

"Poisoned? How could this all be due to poison?" Harry heard Larousse
ask.

The air suddenly became very cool, and he knew they had entered the
dungeons.

"You have heard of Felix felicis?"

"Yes... it's illegal, but hardly a poison."

"No, but its lesser known counter part, Infelix misera is."

"I've never heard of it."

"That's why you're not a potion's master."

"Severus," her voice warned. There was the sound of opening and closing
doors, and Harry felt himself set down on what was probably a couch.
Snape moved away, and Larousse moved in, bringing a tender touch and
some cloth to stem the flow of blood from his nose. "What is Infelix
misera?"

"A bad luck potion. Just as Felix felicis distorts one's magic to align
with favorable lei lines, creating good luck for the drinker, Infelix
misera aligns one's magic with unfavorable lei lines. Potter has been,
ironically, rather fortunate. If his magic had come too close to a
particularly hazardous lei line, he would be dead."

There was a tense moment of silence, and Harry could hear Snape ruffling
through his cabinets and drawers, and Larousse's hand was softly running
though his hair.

"Do you have an antidote?"

"Not exactly," Snape said, "It's a rare enough poison I haven't had to
brew an antidote in *years,* and that batch is still probably stored
somewhere in St. Mungo's, and there's no guarantee it's any good now or
hasn't been used already. Potter will not last another day at this
rate."

"But you have an idea?"

"Of course. I can't neutralize the potion, but I can neutralize Potter's
magic to keep it from aligning with lei lines. Are you listening to all
this, Potter?"

"Yeah... someone's trying to kill me again?"

"It's getting rather redundant, isn't it?" Snape said, and Harry felt
his presence replace Larousse's again. "Chew and swallow this."

Something touched his mouth, and he reached up to take it. It was some
sort of vine with little berries on it. He bit into it and the closest
thing he could describe the experience to was eating grass-flavored
licorice rope. Even as hungry as he was, it was an incredibly unpleasant
experience.

"Japanese Soul Eater? How on earth did you get it? It can't be
imported."

"Professor Sprout has an entire green house dedicated to Asian plants.
She is very generous in giving me her left overs from pruning and
harvesting. This should be enough to hold him over until the potion
breaks down in his system."

"And the rest of his injuries?"

"None of Madam Pomfrey's potions will work with this running through his
blood, but first-aid spells should help with some of it. Potter, don't
fall asleep. You need to finish it."

Harry made a face, but kept chewing. Snape and Larousse talked for a
long time about what they should do next. Larousse wanted to take Harry
out of Hogwarts altogether, perhaps to St. Mungo's, but Snape thought
re-securing Hogwarts, already a necessity, would provide enough
protection. Besides, St. Mungo's was a quack shop in his opinion.

There was more talk about where to keep Harry until things were
considered secure, then irritation about what was taking Lestrange so
long, and several reminders to Harry to keep eating. Harry couldn't help
but be reminded of his younger years, on the rare occasion when he was
sick enough to be stuck in bed. His mother would touch his hair just
like that. His father would pace and ponder and plan just so. And he, he
got to just lay there and trust them to look after him, miserable but
safe and cared for.

---

At some point he must have eaten what was required, for he'd fallen
asleep and no one had woken him for several hours. He was roused by
someone calling his name, and opened his eyes to something crimson and
blurry. A pair of glasses were slipped over his nose and his vision
cleared.

"My Lord?" he said sleepily, and slowly sat up. He had been cleaned up
while unconscious and stripped down to his slacks and shirt, bandages
sticking out through the tears in the fabric. He felt around his person
for his wand. He found it up a sleeve, but it felt strangely lifeless.
Voldemort watched quietly as Harry slowly pulled himself together.

"How do you feel?"

"Alright. I've lived through worse."

That brought a hint of a smile to the Dark Lord, but it became neutral
quickly enough.

"What are you doing here?" Harry asked.

"I came to see you as soon as I heard. I was worried."

Harry wasn't sure if he should be moved or suspicious, so opted for
polite.

"Oh, thank you. I'm okay now. Professor Snape made me eat this nasty
thing so I should be fine. Did you catch the person, yet?"

Voldemort said nothing for a moment. Slowly, he lifted a hand and
lightly brushed a dark bruise on Harry's face. Most of his face was
purple and blue from from multiple face plants, his lip split, a cut
just above his eye, and a nose Pomfrey said just barely avoided being
broken. There were more injuries beneath his clothes, bruises and cuts
and abrasions he had acquired throughout his night and day of
misfortune. Harry looked to all the world as if he had been assaulted,
and despite his protege's nonchalance, Voldemort found the current state
of affairs unacceptable.

"No, he has evaded us again," he said at last, when Harry looked away
nervously.

"Again?"

"We suspect it was Moody. I don't know how he breached the castle's
defenses, but I have my Sentinels scouring every corridor and room from
tower to dungeon. He will not be making fools of us again."

Harry 's silence spoke volumes about his skepticism. The Dark Lord could
hardly blame him after the debacle with the basilisk the previous year.

"So now what?"

"Now, Professor McGonagall is going toescort you back to your dorm room.
There will be several Sentinels standing guard throughout the tower, so
you'll be perfectly safe. You're excused from classes until your magic
returns and the rest of your injuries can be healed properly."

With a little help, Harry managed to climb to his feet. Voldemort handed
him a set of crutches, and together they moved out of Snape's parlor and
into the corridor. Snape, Larousse, and McGonagall were there talking to
Chief Sentinel Morgan and some underlings, but they broke off once they
spotted Harry. The boy hobbled over to them and managed a tired smile,
and Voldemort stayed back to observe what he would do.

"Evening, Professors."

"How do you feel, Harry?" Larousse asked.

"I look worse than I feel." Undoubtedly a lie, but a Gryffindorish one.
"It seems you're out twenty galleons, Professor Snape. I appreciate your
sacrifice."

The dour man didn't have a witty come back for once, and nodded slightly
in acknowledgment. McGonagall fretted over him for a bit, but the boy's
cool disinterest made the attention seem rather ridiculous and she had
to give it up in order to lead him back upstairs. Harry turned back to
give him a tired wave goodnight, before hobbling up the stairs with her
help. Once he was gone, Voldemort turned to his men.

"I will not have a repeat of last year. Discretion is not an issue here.
I want Moody's crimes to be made as publicly abhorrent as possible and
his capture equally as glorious," he said sharply. There was no
opposition, but no one seemed to know what he intended them to do, and
indeed it seemed to take the Dark Lord a long moment to come up with
some ideas. When he did, however, a rather wicked grin found its way
across his lips.

"This requires creativity. Something the old Ministry would never dream
of doing, that Moody would never expect. I want to use the werewolves."

"My Lord, in the castle?" Lestrange asked, seemingly nauseated by the
very idea.

"In and out of the castle. Hogsmeade, the Hogwart's Express, London,
Bristol, Canterbury, everywhere . They will sniff out his scent through
every corridor, every secret passage, every safe house, and hostel from
here to the sea. And if he tries to flee the country, the Dementors will
destroy him along the coast. He won't get away."

"Will Greyback agree though?" Morgan asked, tumbling the practicalities
of the idea around in his head.

"If the payment is sufficient... He's been complaining about a lack of
females for several years. They seem to have an unusually high suicide
rate."

Of those gathered only Morgan seemed to be seriously considering the
idea. Lestrange wasn't being vocal, but her body language was fidgety
and irate, while Snape and Larousse remained completely blank faced.
Voldemort could guess what they were thinking though. Both had a special
hatred reserved for those of the lycanthropic persuasion, each for their
own reason, but they would never oppose him. Snape because he was
obedient and Larousse because she wouldn't risk her position at Hogwarts
like she had at the Court. He gave them both a condescending smile.

"Of course, if you're able to find him before I have settled
negotiations with Greyback, then releasing werewolves won't be
necessary. I would be most impressed if you were able to accomplish this
all on your own."

They shared a look, a quiet agreement, and nodded.

"Delightful," he laughed. He was starting to feel a sort of thrill that
came with a hunt and the expected destruction of an enemy. His adversary
was clever, dangerous, and doomed the moment he persisted on his
protege's death. When he finally tracked Moody down, the man would look
back on his time in Azkaban as a paradise vacation.

---

Harry spent the next two days in his dorm amidst several get well tokens
and jokes about 'princesses and towers'. He smiled for all his visitors
and dorm mates, made a few jokes of his own, and pretended to enjoy the
lack of homework, but when he was alone he'd curl up in a window sill
and wonder when the next attack would occur.

Not 'if'. 'When'. He had no doubt there would be another attempt, and
while that frightened him, the thought of his friends and classmates
getting caught up in it was heart wrenching. It didn't even have to be
Moody necessarily. This wasn't the first attempt that had been made on
his life, and some how he didn't think it would be the last either.

He was, for the first time, seriously thinking about leaving Britain.

It wasn't quite the situation his godfathers had been expecting, but it
was close enough. He told himself the only reason he hadn't left already
was because he was helpless without his magic and still in too much pain
to play fugitive. The truth was that he was just as afraid of leaving as
he was of staying.

He could remember last year, while under the affects of McNair's phobia
curse, how his friends had suddenly disappeared as if they had never
existed. If he left Britain, wouldn't the result be the same? His last
attempt when he was ten, his escape from the Dursely's and the discovery
of how truly helpless he was shortly after. He had since made huge leaps
in self proficiency, and magic seemed to make all things possible, but
if he did end up outside of Britain would he be any less helpless? He
knew no one and nothing about witches and wizards abroad, and if he
found himself in trouble where could he go? Would he be any safer in
France or Germany as he was in Hogwarts?

Being alone again was just too painful.

Then he would remember Hermione laying unconscious in the infirmary and
how afraid he was that she was going to die, and some how it hurt even
worse.

So what should he do? What *could* he do?

Footsteps on the stairs drew Harry's attention, and he checked his
watch. Classes should have still been going on. He snatched up a
quidditch bat, a gift from the twins, from beside his bed and moved to
the side of the entrance way. The person who stepped through did not
have their wand drawn, and the brilliant red hair was the only thing
that kept him from smashing the person over the head. When Ron turned
around, Harry sort of wished he hadn't noticed.

"Jesus, Potter!" the Slytherin yelped, stumbling back several paces.
Draco's head popped into the room, looking over at Harry in amusement.

"I knew it was a good idea to have Ron walk ahead of me," he said,
striding in confidently. It was then that Harry noticed both Slytherins
were wearing Gryffindor badges.

"Did you steal those?" he asked.

"Of course not. Malfoy's don't steal. We file lawsuits."

Harry checked the stairs for any other possible visitors, then turned
back to the intruders. They were wandering around the room in blatant
curiosity, making comparisons with their own rooms.

"It's a bit small," Ron said.

"That's the drawback of living in a tower," Harry said, "The view makes
up for it."

The Slytherins went to the window, and managed to look mildly impressed.
From their vantage point they could make out the Forbidden Forest draped
in its autumn colors and the lake reflecting vibrant sky blue.

"What are you doing here? How did you even get past the guards?"

"Don't get your knickers in a twist," Ron said, moving along in
exploration, fingering through the various cards people had left on his
bedside table. "We just wanted to see what all the fuss was about. The
guards let us through when we told them we forgot our homework
assignments. Rather pathetic security you've got, Potter."

Harry laid his bat across his shoulder, a clear reminder that his
pathetic security nearly smashed the other boy's head in.

"If you're done gawking then, you can leave."

"No, give me another minute. I'm still gawking."

And Ron proceeded to just *stare* at him for several moments. Draco
rolled his eyes.

"I came to get the story straight from the source. What gives Potter?
People are saying you got curse, other people are saying you got
poisoned, and some even say you're dying. Looking at you now I'm voting
on the last one. You look like shit."

Harry shook his head and moved back to his bed, laying down. His ankle
was starting to bother him.

"I was poisoned, but it's the sort of poison that acts like a curse.
Some sort of bad luck spell. Everything that could have conceivably gone
wrong, did. Snape made me eat some nasty plant and now my magic is shot
to hell, but I'm not dead at least. I can't have any more potions until
they're sure the poison is out of my system, hence the dying look."

"I think it suits you," Ron smirked.

"Care to try it on yourself?" Harry smirked back.

"Now, now, you two. Lets not fight. I came to check on you, but Ron has
something important to say."

Perhaps to think of his next words or perhaps just to be annoying, the
redhead turned his back on Harry in favor of another window, this one
overlooking the roofs of Hogwarts.

"I've decided to make you my vice-captain," he said at last. "I'll need
you to come to Dueling Club next meeting to make it official. The YDA
representative is coming tomorrow, and I'll need you there to meet them.
Can you do it?"

Harry just looked at him blankly.

"Potter, am I being unclear on something? You're my new vice-captain.
Meeting tomorrow. Can you come?"

"... yeah, as long as you don't expect me to give a demonstration...
what the hell, Weasley? I didn't win the duel. Technically, I lost
spectacularly. Shouldn't Draco be taking over?"

Draco shrugged.

"I've got other ambitions. Did you hear I'll be taking over as Seeker
for the Quidditch team?"

"No, I hadn't. Congratulations... well, congratulations when we're all
actually allowed to play again."

Draco waved it off.

"Flint is graduating next year, so there'll be an opening in the team
captain's position. You might be the youngest Seeker in a century, but I
fully intend to be the youngest captain ever. If I'm going to do it, I
won't have time to look after all those little idiots you seem so fond
of."

Harry couldn't help but smile at that. So Draco was going for the gold,
rather than settling for the silver? He had to admire that, despite the
arrogance.

"Wait a minute, if Draco was never going to accept the vice-captain
position, doesn't that mean... You asshole, you lied to Hermione!"

Ron laughed at that.

"Slytherin, remember?"

Harry looked to Draco.

"And you're ok with that?"

"I lost at chess. He gets one date with her without me spelling his nuts
off. I'm amazed he even got the date."

"She's *still* going to go out with you, even though the match was
...sorta... rigged?"

"Yeah, you Gryffindors are a weird lot. She figured if I was big enough
to let you be my vice-captain, she'd be big enough to go to the
Christmas ball with me. So, thanks for all your help mate."

"Weasley, Draco may have promised not to curse you, but *I* didn't."

"Club meeting at five o'clock sharp. Don't be late."

"See ya, then, Harry."

With that, the Slytherins left on their merry way, leaving Harry
exasperated and amazed all at once. It also made him realize he couldn't
leave. It wasn't just the new responsibility he'd received, but the
reminder that he had a life at Hogwarts. A life worth fighting for,
perhaps even dying for. What would he have if he left?

What would he be?

---

London had not seen a werewolf in seven years, but even before that it
certainly hadn't been in the numbers gathered in The Iron House,
Sentinel headquarters. There were nearly a hundred, men and women all
strong and proud in their baring. Hunters, alphas, each and every one.
Voldemort observed them closely from beneath a Notice-Me-Not spell as
they explored the conference room and one another, sniffing and
watching, but saying very little. Fenrir had been very generous.

But then again, Voldemort had been very generous with him as well. WYRA
would hardly miss a couple of little girls, always harder to adopt away
than the boys, but the sudden abandonment of a squib work house would
hardly go unnoticed by the local wizarding population. He had to be
quite clever with his cover-up and it cost him dearly to keep everyone
quiet.

The current selection was more than worth it. He could spot several
werewolves he knew by sight and reputation. Alexis Bloodclaw, killed her
pack's old alpha female by ripping open her neck with only her claws.
Jackal, lanky and unassuming, but once he found prey he never lost it.
And of course, Sirius Blackbone, next in line for Head Alpha.

Currently, he was moving through the crowd like a shark through water,
target locked in his sights. His beta and mate, Slivermoon, kept close
behind to protect his flank and snarled every so often if anyone moved
in too closely. Now what was their goal?

Bitefirst, formerly the Slytherin Morgenson, and Hawkeye, once
Whitehall, were the youngest werewolves present, and kept together in
the corner. Voldemort hadn't thought much about them since their exile,
but he couldn't help but feel vaguely pleased that the former Slytherins
had both survived to become alphas. Very young alphas, little more than
particularly ornery betas in fact, but alphas nonetheless. The two
tensed when they noticed the approach of considerably stronger
opponents.

They both shrank away as Blackbone stopped, towering over them.

"This them?" Blackbone asked his beta. Slivermoon nodded, glaring at the
two.

"Yes, I recognize their stink. I could never forget it."

Hawkeye was soon all but cowering, while braver, more arrogant Bitefirst
let out a warning growl. It had both larger werewolves laughing at him,
before Blackbone snarled at him.

"Watch it, pup. I could gut you in the middle of everyone and it'd be in
my right."

"What do you want?" Bitefirst snarled.

The blow Blackbone landed sent him sprawling to the floor with a pained
cry. The other werewolves all turned to look, and one of the females
broke off from the rest to step in front of Blackbone.

"What are you doing, Blackbone?" she demanded.

"Get out of my way, you mangy bitch," he snarled back. "I'm within my
rights!"

"You're not Head Alpha yet! Until then you can't go around beating up
other packs' members. Back off!"

Blackbone moved to shove her out of his way, but she knocked his arm
aside and snarled back. Several other werewolves were starting to move
in to assist their own, but the man's next words made them hesitate.

"They tried to kill my godson! He was just child, only eleven! I'll cut
off my own arm before I let them get away with that!"

"Liar! We've never been near your mangy pack!" Bitefirst snarled,
touching his bruising cheek gingerly.

"Eleven years old. Glasses. Messy black hair. A little bit small for his
age. Ring any bells?!"

Hawkeye looked vaguely nauseous at the reminder, and Bitefirst eyes
widened.

"That doesn't count! We were all normal kids! And it's not like he was
hurt!"

Slivermoon, whom the female hadn't been keeping track of, slipped by her
to smash his fist into young werewolf's stomach and then his uninjured
cheek. Other werewolves joined the melee, pulling Slivermoon and
Blackbone away from the clearly outmatched juveniles, but the two
godfathers were incensed and their strength was nearly impossible to
restrain.

A loud explosion rocked the conference room, sending the wolves
scattering in different directions before turning to face the possible
attacker. In the center of the room stool Voldemort, God Eater, and
general nightmare of all those gathered. Most had the man to blame for
their current condition, and as much as they hated him, they feared him
even more. Of that fear, came a respect rivaled only by their Head
Alpha, Fenrir Greyback.

"Tut, tut, Blackbone," the Dark Lord chided, wagging a finger at the
volatile man, "You should be saving your energy for the hunt. Your
godson has a more dangerous enemy now than a couple of arrogant little
boys."

The hatred in the werewolf's eyes was positively delicious. Voldemort
could feel the wild energy permeating towards him from all the way
across the room. He strode forward, and not to be outdone, Blackbone
came forward to meet him. At last they stopped before each other, scant
inches apart. Voldemort all dark amusement and Blackbone all dark rage.

"Do you have something to say to me, boy?" Voldemort asked.

"This is all your fault."

The Dark Lord's hand shot out, faster than Blackbone could dodge,
latching onto the werewolf's neck and squeezing. The werewolf struggled,
digging his clawed fingers into his aggressor's arm, but his strength
was more than a man's, more than a werewolf's. At last, Blackbone's legs
collapsed beneath him, and Voldemort released him.

"My fault? Maybe so," he said, as the werewolf sat gasping on the floor.
"But I'll take responsibility. So must you, Sirius Blackbone, once
Sirius Black, godfather to Harold James Potter. You have failed him
miserably so far."

That earned him a growl from both Blackbone and Slivermoon, who was
moving steadily towards his mate. This only amused the Dark Lord more.

"I require some werewolves to search Hogwarts, ones who are familiar
with the castle. Now that leaves either you and Slivermoon, or Bitefirst
and Hawkeye. Since I've warned the other two of their immediate death
upon nearing young Harry, I believe you both would make better choices.
Am I wrong?"

Blackbone was looking at the floor by now, just as angry but more
controlled. After a moment of silence, Voldemort smacked him upside the
head to regain his attention. The werewolf glared up at him.

"Am I wrong?"

"*No*."

He patted the werewolf on the head, ruffling his hair affectionately.

"Good boy," he said, then moved away to face the rest of his new forces.
Blackbone was easily the strongest and most dominant wolf among them,
and having defeated him the others bowed to his authority without
question. "The rest of you will be working in pairs under the
supervision of a Sentinel. Obey them as you would me or I will take it
as a personal insult and punish you accordingly. Line up. You two,
follow me. We are leaving now."

The werewolves did as instructed, and Blackbone and Slivermoon snarled
at the two pups as they slunk by them before following the Dark Lord.
Neither were happy with their position, but James' legacy, the closest
thing they would ever have to a child themselves, was in danger and
needed them. Even if it meant following the lead of the devil himself,
they knew they couldn't turn away.

Worst of all, the devil knew it.