# The Siege part I

"It seems such a waste," Lestrange lamented, staring over her coffee cup
at her associate, "After everything you've done, you're primed for
reinstatement into the Court. Sentinel or Guardian or Judge or whatever
you like. You could have any of it, and you're... settling?"

Larousse shook her head.

"'Settling down' is not the same thing as 'settling', Headmistress. I
see my ambition as expanded into the familial aspect of my life, rather
than diminishing in my professional one. I've got so many plans..."

Lestrange looked anything but convinced. It was quite beyond her why a
woman of Larousse' skill and drive would leave a prominent position at
Hogwarts, ignore an even more prominent position at Court, and marry
*Snape* of all people, let alone bare his spawn. If it had been up to
her she never would have married Rudolfus, who proved useless in
everything including siring children. She considered telling Larousse
this but was afraid she'd take it the wrong way.

"Have you settled on a date, then?"

"Sometime in late June. It'll give us the summer to get our affairs in
order, change my last name, combine our accounts, revise wills, and
things like that. Do you think you'll be able to come? I really hope you
do. I never would have met Severus if it weren't for you."

Lestrange merely shrugged. "Of course, I will. It would-"

The screech a siren's alarm started both women, causing Lestrange to
drop her hot coffee on her lap.

"*Ouch!* Dammit," she cursed, producing a wand to clean up the mess and
then silence the wards.

"What was that? Has the castle been breached?"

"Calm down, Professor, let me check."

The headmistress open her desk and pulled out a large piece of
parchment. Flicking over its contents, she sighed and put it away again.

"Just the mongrels. They're back earlier than I expected."

"You mean the werewolves? They're back in the castle?"

"Yes, though I don't know why they bother. Potter won't be back for
another couple of days. Maybe they want to steal something else."

"Steal? What did they steal?"

Lestrange pointed at the empty display case where the Sword of
Gryffindor had been. She still hadn't figured out how to get the sword
back before the Dark Lord noticed its absence. Fighting over it was
useless, since she couldn't touch the damn thing any way and threatening
Potter or her mangy cousin might actually result in them threatening her
right back. Perhaps she could use Larousse' natural animosity towards
the werewolves and Harry's convenient absence to solve at least one of
her problems.

"The Sword of Gryffindor. Potter found it last year, and I think they
have a misguided notion that it belongs to him rather than the school.
The boy even gave it up after the Dark Lord explained it's connection to
the Founders, but they're such base creatures I don't think they
comprehend the matter as more complicated than 'finders, keepers'."

Larousse scowled, obviously irritated by their supposed misdeed.

"Haven't you told the Dark Lord?"

Lestrange shrugged.

"It's a minor matter. I will simply have Potter return it. They're his
dogs after all He'll have to take responsibility."

"That's hardly fair. He's only a child and they're full grown... men."

"If you want to get it for me, that's fine too. I'm afraid I have more
important things to deal with today."

"Of course, Headmistress. Severus and I will take care of it."

Lestrange hid her smirk behind her cup.

---

It had taken them almost three hours to prepare their materials, and it
was starting to resemble a potion's detention with all the cutting and
measuring and mixing. Luckily, Voldemort was no Snape, and rather than
terrorize or ignore Harry, he just kept talking and explaining and
quizzing. Harry thought he had learned more about magic in those three
hours than he had all semester at school.

It was still snowing when Harry and Voldemort went out into the maze.
The shrines to the gods and goddesses were barely visible, their
offerings indistinguishable mounds of white.

"Who are they all?" Harry asked.

"Are you asking for specific names? They vary from region to region."

"Why do you honor some but not the others?"

"I honor each their due. Some are best worshiped in winter others summer
and so on and so forth, and still some require attention all year
around. Of course, these are only the ones I bother with. There are
thousands of gods and goddesses with various levels of power and
influence scattered across the world."

"Then *what* are they? I mean, what is a god or goddess? They're not
really like... *Her*, but they sort of are. Luna had one inside her, how
does that work?"

"Gods and goddesses are spirits granted some sort of authority by the
Earth. They can be the spirits of those once living, human or animal or
plant, or even created out of magical or emotional energy collected in
an object or place, like a poltergeist. Luna's goddess is parasitic, it
is too weak to hold her place without being absorbed by the Earth again
so it inhabits a suitable human body. There are many spirits who do this
with animals. True familiars are merely spirit possessed animals."

"So if you died you might end up a god?"

"Yes. Or several gods. Or a demon spirit. Perhaps I'll be reborn into
another physical body or have to possess it. There's really no telling
what she intends for me after I shed this mortal coil. I have a
millennium to wonder."

Harry was going to ask what he meant by that, but they had reached the
center of the maze. Voldemort cast a spell to harden the snow so they
wouldn't make it uneven by walking on it. From his cloak, the Dark Lord
pulled out a piece of paper and on it was drawn the diagram for the
ritual. He blew on it, setting it alight and tossed the smoldering paper
onto the ground. It 'exploded', the diagram bursting out of the paper
with all the passion of a firecracker and all the grace of a blooming
flower to spread across the ground. What was left was a glowing blue
outline in the snow, as large as he had remembered it though it hadn't
been blue then.

"This is what arithmatists call a 'mini-mega'. It's used to carry around
complicated diagrams for lectures and demonstrations on small pieces of
paper. I've modified this one a bit," Voldemort explained. "Hand me the
urn with the tree on it."

That was the urn with the blood. They had transferred the milk and the
blood to their own urns after mixing in the different herbs and metals.
Harry was carrying both, one under each arm, while the Dark Lord carried
everything else. He handed the urn over to him.

With perfect control, Voldemort removed the urn's lid and tipped out its
contents onto one of the glowing blue lines. The blood didn't pool like
Harry expected, but flowed along the lines of the mini-mega, recreating
the diagram in blood. Slowly, the blood replaced the blue, flowing all
the way around the diagram and into the interior, even into those runes
and symbols that weren't touching the main lines, until at last it was
complete.

A rush of magic made Harry shiver. Voldemort grinned.

"Now the other one."

He handed him the milk urn. This was less carefully dispersed. The Dark
Lord merely poured it out as he walked around the symbol. It did nothing
to disrupt or mix with the blood, and in the snow it was all but
invisible. There was a shift in the magic, but Harry could still feel
its power.

"Excellent. Now take off your shoes and your cloak, and join me in the
middle."

---

The world had become a dark place in his absence. Or rather the darkness
had spread. Spread out from Askaban like a plague carried on the wind,
infecting, tainting everyone it touched from babe to elder. After twelve
years in a living hell, he had thought the world outside would be as
good as heaven, but it wasn't so.

Everyone he had ever cared for or respected was dead or run away or
imprisoned or a beast or as wretched as the very men and women they'd
fought to keep Britain safe from. No one spoke of those brave souls who
had died. Their graves were unmarked. Their families denied they ever
existed. Their children pretended they didn't even exist, kept like
obedient pets to their Pureblood masters.

The Monster's name remained unspeakable and feared, but the crowds
followed him like sheep. Worshiped the dark lord like some sort of king,
and spat at the name of Dumbledore. Ah, well, Moody spat at the name
too. The coward. The hypocrite. Left everyone in the fix while he went
to play hero all the way from Europe, leaving everyone else to rot.
Leaving him to rot in prison.

He'd get back at them though. He'd finish what he and his had started a
lifetime ago and see Voldemort and his spawn in the grave, and
Dumbledore wouldn't be able to take credit for it. Not a chance. They'd
tried and failed miserably that one time with Potter... though he didn't
have much luck either. He hadn't tried hard enough, planned big enough.

But he was still free. Free and in Hogwarts, and no one the wiser. The
Dark Lord so eager to tear apart and rearrange every reminder of the
past, had left gaps in the security and now he was in. Potter and
Voldemort weren't here, but eventually they would return and he'd be
ready for them. Ready for them and all their miserable horde of dark
wizard spawn. Ready to tear it all down around them once and for all.

God, his leg hurt.

---

It was cold. The power resonating around him did nothing to alleviate
that particular discomfort. His feet ached, his limbs trembled, his
teeth chattered.

Voldemort appeared amused by his discomfort, his own bare feet and chest
not bothering him in the least.

"Is it really that cold?"

"C-c-can't y-you t-t-tell?"

"Not really, but I'm not entirely human either. Quickly, kneel there, in
the rune for 'water', just like last time. You still have your knife?
Good, take it out."

Harry did as instructed, trying to ignore the cold, and the pain that
was starting to seep into him and focus on the magic surrounding him.
There was no awareness yet, but they hadn't made their entreaty, only
created an appropriate alter. Right now there was only unharnessed
energy in its raw form, tingling and caressing, the Earth purring like a
cat against his magical senses. It was with some curiosity that Harry
noted the snow had stopped falling on them, but he could still see it
falling over the forest in the distance.

"She listening, isn't she?"

"Oh, yes. She knows we're here."

Voldemort closed his eyes then, and started to speak. In wasn't in any
language Harry knew, but the dialect was Irish, so he assumed it was
Gaelic. It sounded like neither a plea nor a command, but a lullaby,
gentle and affectionate with a perfect rhythm found only in verse. Was
this truly a spell? It was magic for sure, the strongest he had ever
known or heard of, but there was no discipline in it and the form
suddenly seemed fluid and unpredictable. Like hunting, they could do
everything right and there was still no guarantee of success or that
they would receive exactly what they sought.

The realization that the last time was a gift coincided with a surge of
magic, welling up and into him. He let out a startled scream, even as
the magic receded and returned more gently, twining up his body like a
vine, finding his every fissure and digging in deep. Awareness came to
him, flowing into him through the vine-like magic, teaching him to sense
things as never before. Where before he had felt and seen and heard, he
now felt and tasted and smelled.

His new magic sense reached out timidly at first, encountering
Voldemort's own magically charged body, smelled the thousand different
chemicals that composed him, the flux and tumble of their million
reactions a second, tasted his elation like a perfectly ripened fruit,
sweet and vaguely salty. He felt their magic's touch and mix, flow back
to one another in some new recipe.

Their magic expanded, reaching out to touch the world beyond themselves,
lapping first at the blood of the diagram itself. Harry was aware of the
blood, how the sianach lived in it still, transforming in that very
moment into something else, a small spirit that slept in the Earth until
spring where it would rise again as a white ash tree. And that tree
would grow quickly and flower sooner than all the other trees, and then
die within the year to become a wand, and that wand would belong to the
grandson of Eric Joseph Jacobee who was currently two hours and fourteen
minutes old and two hundred and fourteen miles away from where he knelt.

He had forgotten how beautiful She could be. How loving even in her
cruelty. How ironic in her affections. Was this her gift to him? To ease
his guilt? To seduce his love? To educate?

There was a pull in the magic, a gentle but firm tug on his... on
*their* awareness, pulling their senses far from the maze and Bristol
and beyond into Scotland, past Edinburgh and at last surrounded by an
old and familiar magic. Hogwarts stood a beacon on a hill, surrounded by
a vast magical landscape of forests and lakes and ancient townships and
villages. Witches and wizards and sentient beings and beasts flashed
across his palate in like an entire box of Bernie Bott's Every Flavored
beans all at once, there and gone before any particular taste could be
identified until at last there was only one flavor.

It tasted of ashes and spoiled milk, and he gagged but the taste
wouldn't vanish.

"Ugh... Merlin, what is that?" he choked, unable to communicate mentally
with the Dark Lord while that 'flavor' polluted his senses. Voldemort
said nothing for a moment, lingering over this latest discovery even as
Harry tried to flee it. At last, he let out a small gasp.

"It's him. It's *Moody*."

---

If there was one word to describe McGunny, it would have to be
'pragmatic'. Sure, he had his moments of ambition, of sentimentality,
and occasionally even daring, but never beyond what was reasonable for
the situation. Which was why he was in his office leaning over submitted
articles and proposals, foregoing the usual holiday traditions with his
familial relations in favor of organizing the student paper while
everyone else was away, because truth be told he missed his family. He
missed how Anna and Peter fought over the dumbest things and how his
mother was always trying to fix his clothes and his dad's muttered
obscenities at the newspaper. He missed the fields and the woods and
stonewall his forefathers had built during the occupation by the Romans.
He missed his dog and his horse and even that damned rooster that
couldn't tell noon from sunrise.

But he was pragmatic. Missing something didn't excuse his
responsibilities to the Hogwart's Herald, and as editor it was his duty
to make sure everything was taken care of, including the New Year's
Edition the student body would be expecting upon their return. The paper
was doing so well, and combined with his grades he was certain he could
get into any university of his choosing. His parents would understand.
His siblings would get over it. Summer was less than six months away.

He sighed and pushed his papers aside. The office was too quiet with the
rest of the paper crew gone, and it was far too depressing to spend his
entire day there. He gathered up his materials and headed for the Great
Hall. There weren't a lot of people in Hogwarts during the holidays, but
the Great Hall was supposed to be the unofficial common room for
everyone left behind. Most of the tables had already been removed, and
the empty space filled with Christmas trees and decorations to give the
chamber a more intimate feel. Perhaps he could find some company there.

He wasn't half way there when he came across two very unexpected
figures. Sirius Blackbone, looking decidedly droopy-eyed, and Remus
Slivermoon, with a very conspicuous set of claw marks across his nose,
were loping in his direction. McGunny couldn't fathom why they would be
there, since they'd left two days ago and Potter wasn't even in the
castle anymore. He thought about asking them. Then thought better of it.
Then decided it was the only practical things to do.

"Good day, gentlemen," he greeted.

They paused to consider him, but didn't return the greeting. He
swallowed.

"I hope nothing is amiss that would draw back to Hogwarts so...
unexpectedly."

Blackbone gave him a particularly bored look and just walked pass him.
Slivermoon lingered a bit though.

"We came to make sure the school remained safe until the rest of the
students return. Moody is still a threat after all, and the construction
work leaves the school particularly vulnerable. We'll be out and about
making rounds later tonight."

McGunny thought he might have seen a tired smile, but it was hard to see
beneath the scratches and the facial hair, and the werewolf had turned
to lope after his alpha too quickly to confirm. McGunny wondered if
their reasons were honest. He doubted they were going to raid the school
for victims *after* the full moon, but they had never shown much
interest in the students aside from Potter. Perhaps Potter had asked
them?

Where was Potter anyway? Was he spending the holidays with some friends
or was he spending it the Dark Lord once again? Whatever he was up to,
McGunny thought it had to be something interesting.

---

They apparated to Hogsmeade, barefoot and cloakless, and found
themselves in the middle of a very surprised crowd of holiday shoppers.
Voldemort ignored them, grabbing Harry's arm and lead them over to a row
of horses tied outside the pub. No one attempted to stop them or even
object as they untethered and mounted the animals and turned them
towards the castle.

"Shouldn't we tell the Sentinels?" Harry called out, as they rode out of
the village. There was still a temporary Sentinel post in the village
after all.

"This situation is delicate. If Moody is doing what I think he is, he
could destroy the entire castle. I will have to deal with him quickly
and quietly. The Sentinels will just be in the way."

They hit the country road, open and traffic free, urging the horses
faster. Harry had never ridden a horse, let alone a horse at full speed,
but he found it came to him naturally as if... Beside him the Dark Lord
rode like a professional, moving his body smoothly with his mount's
every stride. Harry realized he wasn't feeling the cold either,. Was
this magic? Could he do this because he was magically connected to
Voldemort in this moment? Or was it Her will that he had these
abilities?

"Why did she show us Moody? Did you ask for that?" he asked.

"No, this is entirely Her idea. I never even thought about using the
ceremony to find Moody. Hogwarts is one of the most magically saturated
locations in Britain, She doesn't want to see it destroyed. She *wants*
us to stop him."

Harry was amazed to see the Dark Lord was actually grinning. He could
taste blood and steel and ozone on his tongue, the taste of battle and
magic. He said nothing more until they reached Hogwarts and dismounted
at the castle keep.

"Moody should still be at the north end of the castle. I want you to
find the teachers and tell them to evacuate the students and themselves
to Hogsmeade. I'll try to refrain from fighting until then, but you must
be quick."

"Okay," Harry said dutifully and ran off to do as he was told.

"Harry!"

He stopped and turned back. Voldemort regarded him seriously.

"Be careful."

Harry managed a weak smile. "And you, my Lord."

---

McGonagall was enjoying a cup of tea in the Great Hall with Professor
Flitwick when Potter arrived. And by 'arrived' she meant stormed in like
a hurricane. The main doors flew open as if by a great wind, but what
came through them was boy in only a shirt and trousers and soaking from
ice and snow. The ten odd students scattered around the Hall all dropped
what they were doing to stare dumbfounded as he stalked past them and
right up to the teacher's table.

Up close McGonagal felt the tingle of magic wafting off of him like body
heat. In his belt she could see a sacrificial dagger. What had he been
doing with that?

"Professors," he whispered urgently. "You have to evacuate the school.
Moody is in the castle, and we think he means to tear it down."

"What? What are you talking about? Heavens you must be freezing!"
Flitwick said, looking him over from head to toe, but the boy wasn't
even shivering.

"*Professor!*" Potter snapped, both of their tea cups shattering. "Get.
Everyone. Out. Of. The. Castle. *NOW*."

McGonagal wasn't one to be ordered around by her students. In fact those
foolish enough to try never tried again, but she thought she might just
have met her match this once. And if Potter was telling the truth, and
she had no reason to think he'd lie about something this serious, it was
probably for the best that they did as he said.

"Filius, take everyone here down to Hogsmeade. I'll get everyone else
lingering in their dorms and warn Severus and Larousse. We'll sort this
all out once we're certain everyone is safe."

"I'll take care of Professor Snape and check the Slytherin dorms. It
will save time," Potter said.

"No you won't, young man, you're going with Professor Flit-"

He ignored her and rushed out of the room. She nearly raised her wand to
stop him, but thought better of it. Filius gave an indignant grunt.

"How rude!"

"We can lecture him on proper respect for his professors later. Right
now we'd best do as he says."

"But-"

"Later, Filius," she said and hurried off towards the Hufflepuff common
room where she believed a few girls were staying. As she was leaving she
heard the charms professor mutter, "I see where he gets it from."

---

The dungeons tasted of wet stone and bitter herbs, and stank of sulfur.
Harry staggered on the stairs, barely catching himself from a rather
undignified decent into the bowels of the castle. Spitting and covering
his nose and mouth did nothing block it. Perhaps he should have let
McGonagal handle the dungeons, but it was too late now. He sprinted down
the dark corridors, senses beyond sight guiding him around obstacles and
to the potion master's rooms. The moment he arrived he knew Snape was in
his rooms and he wasn't alone.

There was a portrait over the entrance and he didn't know the password.

"Professor! Professor!" he shouted.

There was a moment's hesitation, then the painting swung open. Snape
looked ready to bite his head off, but took one look at him and
apparently changed his mind.

"What the devil, Potter?"

"Harry?" Larousse appeared from behind Snape, and gasped. "Merlin, what
happened to you? You're soaking wet."

She touched his face and hands, looking terribly worried, but he
snatched them back.

"I'm fine! We have to get out of the castle right now!"

Snape didn't look convinced, "Potter have you ingested something?"

"Moody is in the castle!"

That seemed to catch both of their attentions, and Harry started backing
away, luring them away into the hall and back towards the exit. Snape
grabbed him by the arm to stop his retreat but immediately let go, as if
he'd been bitten.

"Where is Moody?" Larousse asked, oblivious to Snape's reaction to
Harry's magic. "If he's here we can catch him and put an end to this.
Tell us where he is."

Harry shook his head.

"No, no! You *can't*. Voldemort has gone to get him, but he can't start
until we're all out of the castle. Is there anyone else down here?"

"No, all the Slytherins are in the Great Hall," Snape said, "But what do
you mean by the Dark Lord 'can't start'?"

"Moody has been planting explosive spells all over the castle and he can
set them off at any time. Voldemort is going to stop him, but if Moody
knows something is happening he'll blow the place to bits. So we've got
to get out of here before he'll risk it. Can we just *go*?!"

"Yes," Snape said and grabbed his and Larousse's cloaks from beside the
door.

"What about Harry?" she asked, even as they made their way out of the
dungeons.

"He's saturated with magic. He could probably jump into the lake without
it affecting him."

"He can hear you just fine, you know."

"How-"

"It was a very bloody affair," Harry snapped impatiently, "We can get
into the gory details *later*."

---

By the time they managed to get out of Hogwarts, so had the rest of the
castle. Fifteen students, six professors, the headmistress, the Sleuws,
and some thirty bewildered GGs were trudging through the snow towards
Hogsmeade. They caught up to the group quickly, and the adults were
quick to demand answers. Harry told them Voldemort had been teaching him
ancient magic, and that during a location spell they had found Moody and
soon figured out what he was doing. They had both come to stop Moody and
get everyone to safety. Questions about why he seemed to have turned
into a magical battery he deemed irrelevant and were summarily ignored.

After that, the adult turned to each other to figure out what they were
going to do with sixteen children with only the clothes on their back
and the Dark Lord and a lunatic running around the castle. Harry left
them to it, satisfied that he had done his part and certain Voldemort
could handle himself. Everything was working itself out for once, and he
was going to be looking forward to an assassin free New Year.

"Potter."

McGunny came up beside him. Well, bother. He had hoped he would be able
to avoid the press until Voldemort and he could corroborate their
stories, but it seemed he had used up his luck for the day.

"Hey, McGunny. Lovely day we're having, isn't it?"

The Ravenclaw looked around at the gray sky and ever deepening snow and
then at Harry in his bare feet and without so much as a jumper on.

"Yeah... who needs summer? Um... are you alright?"

"Mmhm."

"... Can I ask you something?"

"Sure."

"This wouldn't have anything to do with why your bodyguards showed up
this morning, would it?"

---

"Puddifoot's would be best for the day," Lestrange said, as the village
came into view. "We'll inform the Sentinels in the village that we'll
need emergency shelter for the night just in case."

"We're going to be getting a lot of owls when the papers learn the
school has been evacuated," Snape said idly. Truthfully, he was
distracted, wondering what exactly was happening up at the castle.
Larousse and he had just been preparing to go start a fight with the
werewolves one moment and then Potter showed up like freak lightening
and shocked hell out of everyone.

"We'll worry about that when the Dark Lord gets back. I'm not sure how
he's going to want to spin this..." the Headmistress said dismissively,
then laid out a plan to keep the children safely away from the press.

Where was Potter anyway, Snape wondered, scanning the crowd. It should
have been easy to spot a half naked boy running around in the snow, but
he couldn't...

"Bloody heart attack..." he muttered, and turned back towards the
castle.

---

Voldemort knew immediately when Harry left the castle. The vibrations he
had been feeling, like music heard through his fingertips, altered just
so as that particular harmony moved away, changing the tune of the
castle from C to B flat. The other tunes were harder to hear over the
orchestra of noise that was Hogwarts, but they too were gradually
disappearing until there was only the discordant G sharp mingling badly
in the background.

He pressed his hands to the stones and followed the disharmony to the
north end of the castle. He started from the wing under construction,
felt were the wards had been tampered with and found the secret entrance
behind the tapestry, and followed it. His hand brushed something
paper-like and flinched away from it as the sound of nails on a
chalkboard stabbed at his skin.

It was a Distemperance Spell, used to suck out the magic of a item
before using that same magic to explode. A nasty spell and well chosen.
The castle would not attack a spell using magic it recognized as its
own. They were easily diffused luckily. He concentrated on the spell's
special vibrations, and just sort of 'tweaked' it. The vibrations gave a
violent shutter and disappeared.

Traversing the length of the castle he found and disarmed six more.
There was definitely others, put up days before in other parts of the
castle, but the newest ones were the easiest to find and following them
lead him ever closer to his prey.