# The Siege II

The Malfoy Estate was created for the amusement of its household, both
young and old. There were many rooms dedicated to many different
interests and hobbies and the grounds were similarly designed with these
purposes in mind. The artificial river that ran through the western end
of the estate accommodated fishing, boating, and various magical sports
like *Kimshi[^60-1]*and water chess[^60-1] during the summer. When the water
finally froze in late November, there were many other possible
activities but Draco and Hermione liked ice skating the best.

Which was why when Hermione was feeling particularly stifled in the
place that she had never really thought of as *her* home, she often
found herself there despite the chill. Draco, hating to be alone,
usually followed her.

"What do you think we should get Uncle Severus as a wedding present? I
mean, I don't think a set of bath towels is going to cut it," she mused,
gliding passed Draco who was skating backwards in the opposite
direction.

"Don't even worry about it. Father will take care of it. He knows him
way better than either of us."

"Mmm... I don't know, I think we're both old enough to get them gifts of
our own choosing."

"You didn't get him a Christmas gift," Draco pointed out.

"He hates Christmas. I used to think he was a pagan, but really he's
just anti-holiday, I think," Hermione chuckled.

"How can someone hate Christmas? You get all those presents and good
food and stuff."

"Maybe he didn't when he was little. You know there are kids who really
resent Christmas when they see all the neat stuff they can't afford to
have. I bet that's it."

"I suppose so... but Harry's poor and he likes Christmas. At least I
think he does. He might be pagan now, but he always gives you presents
so I don't know," he wondered, lazily skating a figure eight. Hermione
circled around him, arms spread like bird in flight.

"He got you a present too."

"This is the first time though.

"This is the first time you got him one too. And you like the puzzle
box... even if you haven't figured it out yet," she said. He quickly
grabbed her arm as she passed him, and spun her around in a circle as
she squeaked in surprise. "Draco!"

"When I *do* figure it out I'm shrinking your book and hiding it in
there. See how long it take you to figure it out!"

"That sounds like a perfect hiding place! You know 'Witches Over
Wizards' was black listed three times in the last century? Wouldn't want
Lucius to find it and have it burned. It's hard enough finding a third
edition, let alone a second one," she said, slipping free of his grip
when he pretended to fall asleep. She made a snow ball and chucked it at
him. He fell over, landing in a snow bank, but quickly got up to
retaliate, chasing her down with a snow ball of his own. He missed, but
still managed to tackle her into another snow bank.

They chucked snow at each until they were both freezing cold and wet and
tired. He stood and helped her climb to her feet, the both of them
breathless with exertion and laughter.

"I wish our friends could be here. Especially, Harry. He's probably
feeling pretty lonely about now without any family," she panted, even as
Draco was charming their skates back into boots.

"Yeah, it must be pretty dull. I mean, the Dark Lord is an adult *and* a
pagan. What kind of holiday fun can you have with that?"

---

While Draco was wrong to assume things were pretty dull in the Dark
Lord's company, he was right in his assumption that Harry wasn't having
much fun. Aside from the wonderful tingly sensation he was getting from
his magical boost, he did not enjoy running around in circles with the
threat of death literally looming above him. At any moment, Moody might
realize he'd been found out and bring the castle down on his and his
godfather's heads. He wasn't as worried about Voldemort, who seemed like
he could walk out of any situation completely unscathed.

He didn't have the enchanted gold band he would normally use with his
watch to find his godfathers, so he had to take an educated guess and
headed towards their private room. It was uncomfortably close to the
southern end of the castle, but the increased likelihood of them running
into Moody made finding them quickly even more important. Luckily, his
magical senses extended far ahead of himself, and he managed to taste
his way to his godfathers with just the vaguest flavor of ash reaching
him.

"Padfoot! Moony!" he called softly, hoping their senses weren't too
dulled after the full moon. The hall was empty, but he could taste them
near by, clay and blood and something else he associated with the moon.
He was almost to their door when he was grabbed from behind.

He was startled, his magic lashed out, knocking Sirius a good twelve
feet.

"Sirius!"

Remus appeared from behind a column, looking more annoyed than alarmed
at his mate sprawled across the floor.

"I told you sneaking up on him was a bad idea," he muttered, and helped
the stunned werewolf to his feet.

"B-bloody hell, what was that?" Sirius stuttered, his hair fizzled like
he had just been struck by lightening. He blinked at Harry. "What
happened to you?"

Harry let out an exasperated sigh. "I'll tell you later. Right now we
have to get out of the castle."

"What are you talking-"

"LATER!" he snapped, and Sirius snarled back instinctively. Harry
ignored it, and started down back down the hall, hoping they would
follow him. They did.

"Prongslet, what is going on? What are you even doing here? You look
like you ran here in the snow," Remus asked, jogging along beside him.
Sirius, alpha by nature, was already moving ahead of them.

"I did, sort of. Listen, we haven't got much time. Moody is in the
castle-"

That brought Sirius up short, causing Harry to run into him, but he was
grabbed by his arms before he could fall.

"Where? Where is Moody?"

"It doesn't matter! If we don't get out of here now we could be crushed!
He's planted explosives all over the school!"

Sirius paled and looked to Remus. They nodded to each other. They were
tired and weaker than normal so soon after the full moon, but they
weren't going to let that stop them from protecting Harry. Sirius
scooped up his godson and set him over his shoulder, ignoring the
indignant protests, and started running for the nearest exit.

They had almost made it to the stairs that would lead them to the ground
floor and hundred of windows they could climb out of, when the first
explosion rocked the ground beneath them. It was so close, both
werewolves were knocked off balance, forcing them to fall to their
knees. Harry grunted as Sirius' shoulder dug into his stomach. They
remained on the floor for a second, stunned.

"Is that it?" Harry wondered out loud.

In response to his questions, another explosion directly in front of
them took out the stairs. Despite the shaking ground, both werewolves
were on their feet and running in the opposite direction. Harry watched
behind them as yet another explosion collapsed a section of corridor, an
avalanche of stone, mortar, and debris flowing into their space and then
below as the floor gave out.

"Oh, God."

A third explosion had the roof falling down directly on top of them.
Harry closed his eyes, clutched Sirius' leather shirt in his fist and
*prayed*.

"*Faster. Please, faster.*"

Magic poured through his hand and into Sirius, and there was a sudden
jolt of speed and a moment of weightlessness. He opened his eyes to
watch the floor falling away beneath him, and he thought for certain
they were falling, but Sirius' feet landed heavily on solid ground,
digging a shoulder into his already bruised stomach with his landing.

He had *jumped* to safety.

"Where's Remus?" he cried, terrified that they might have left him
behind.

"I'm here, pup," came a call from ahead. It seemed he was faster than
even a magically enhanced Sirius when he wasn't carrying ninety pounds
extra weight. "But we're running out of hallway!"

Another explosion, and they managed to outrun it more easily this time,
but Remus was right. They were out of the space to run. The end of the
corridor led to a spiral of narrow steps leading up to a turret and down
to the first floor. A cloud of dust coming up from below meant the first
floor was as collapsed as the second, and left them with only the
possibility of going up. Sirius took the stairs in three-step leaps, but
still wasn't fast enough to reach even the third floor.

A final explosion rocked the tower, shaking free parts of the walls and
stairs, convincing them that they were all going to die. Sirius pulled
Harry underneath him and pulled Remus close, huddling them all together
tightly as the world came apart around them in a deafening roar. Crushed
between them, Harry closed his eyes tight and whispered over and over
again, "*Protect us, protect us, protect us..."*

It felt like eternity, but could only have lasted a few seconds, and as
the world stopped shaking and thundering around them they were still
alive. Cautiously, Harry opened his eyes. The air was thick with dust,
but beneath him, he could see their section of the stairs was still
intact. He looked over Remus' shoulder to see the stairs going upward
were gone, as was the top of the turret, revealing a gray sky above
them. He looked over Sirius' shoulder to see the stairs beneath them
were likewise gone, and the entire corridor had collapsed. He looked
around to see that the rest of the school looked completely intact
except for a section of wall in the most southern corner of the castle.
They had managed to climb half way up to the third level of turret,
which left them looking down on most of the castle's roofs and much too
high to jump or climb down themselves.

Well, at least they were alive.

"Sirius? Remus?"

"We're alive," Remus whispered, shifting as he looked around. "How?"

Sirius loosened his death grip on them, and looked around himself. He
tested the edge of their narrow perch with his foot, making sure it
wouldn't collapse. As both men moved away, Harry felt the bitter cold of
the air and shivered. His magic! It was gone! In his moment of
desperation he must have used all the extra magic the Earth had granted
him and then some protecting them all. It was the only explanation for
why the stairs and wall that supported them hadn't collapsed and the
falling debris hadn't crushed them.

Unfortunately, that left Harry wet, barefoot, and exposed to the
elements with no way to reach shelter. His shivers became more violent.

"Harry?"

"C-c-cold."

"Shit," Sirius cursed, wrapping him up in his arms again to conserve
heat. "Remus, do you have your wand?"

"Yes, I have it. Just a moment."

They had very little room on their ledge, but he managed to lean back
enough to cast a warming spell on Harry and then sent up a signal flare
so that someone might come and get them. Remus didn't trust himself to
levitate them down after that. He was just as physically and emotionally
exhausted as Harry, and he didn't dare use up what little remained of
his magical reserves before they were certain of their safety.

"I-is it-t o-over?" Harry stuttered out through chattering teeth. The
warming spell had taken away most of the chill, but it didn't work as
well on someone who was wet, and he was relying heavily on his
godfathers' body heat to keep him warm. Sirius' large hand ruffled his
hair.

"Yeah, it's-" There was a moment's hesitation, and Harry could feel both
werewolves' bodies tense. "Remus..."

"I see him."

Harry peeked out from the shelter of their limbs to look in the same
direction as them. There was movement, a mere displacement of rubble at
first, and then someone appeared, climbing over it all stiffly. Even
covered in dust, Harry could make out the bright green of a GG helmet.

"Oh, no..."

---

He had done it! By the grace of God he'd killed the Devil.

It had been close though. He hadn't expected the Dark Lord himself to
appear out of nowhere, nor that the dog would have expected the traps he
had laid. The wards he had set up were torn down like they were nothing
more than cobwebs with a mere wave of the hand. Only one of the
Distemperance curses he'd set that morning had gone off, and it had been
closer to killing him than the Dark Lord. The creature had the audacity
to laugh.

He hadn't laughed when he set off the rest of the Distemperance spells
though. The bastard must not have expected it. Must not have realized
that Moody had been coming and going through the school for months, so
heavily disguised in polyjuice and stolen limbs and class one Senseless
spells, that all the reveling charms in the world plus a werewolf's nose
wouldn't be able to pick him out from the man he had killed and
dismembered to gain authorized access to the school.

Yes, he managed to surprise the thrice-damned snake with that moved.
Distracted him just long enough to hit him with the Killing Curse. The
result wasn't what he was used to. Most men just fell over dead, without
an ounce of fuss. The Dark Lord had just staggered though, startled,
then collapsed to his knees slowly. In the final throws of death the
body had begun to melt. There was the distinct feel of magic being
released, then he'd fallen apart, forming into a bloody puddle, seeping
into the surrounding stones, and then disappearing. It gave him the
shivers, but it was over now.

The Dark Lord was as dead as dead could be.

Now all he needed to do was kill his spawn and the curse that had fallen
over Britain and corrupted its people would be lifted. It shouldn't be
hard. With the Dark Lord dead, who would bother rising up to defend the
wicked child?

He had to get out of the castle quick though so he could apparate away
to hunt the little devil down later. The explosions he'd set off would
make a convenient point of exit, so he headed in that direction. And
surely, it was serendipity that his very route of escape should lead him
straight to his next target.

---

"I'm afraid so, Prongslet," Remus said, "Don't worry. I can shield us
until help arrives."

Harry shook his head. He knew that wasn't true. He could taste both of
their exhaustion from the full moon before the explosion, and they had
lost even more in their escape and then the warming and signal spells.
Harry didn't have his wand on him either, and even if he did he was
magically exhausted. He probably didn't even have enough to summon
Gryffindor's Sword.

If Moody decided to cast the Killing Curse, it wouldn't matter any way.

They could only watch as Moody stumbled over the debris, disappearing
and reappearing amidst the clouds of dust. They stayed perfectly still,
hoping he would pass with out seeing them. It seemed as if it would work
for a moment, the man was so preoccupied with keeping his footing, but
then he stopped a moment to look around.

"He's spotted us," Sirius said.

Harry closed his eyes tight, and continued his prayer, hoping that they
had survived the first attack for some purpose that would carry them
through a second time.

"*Protego!*"

The force of the attack striking Remus' shield charm made Harry grit his
teeth and shudder. He could feel Remus trembling from his efforts to
protect them, yet not sooner was it over than he was forced to raise a
second shield.

"*Protego!*"

"Why doesn't he just use the Killing Curse?" Harry whispered, careful
not to distract Remus. Sirius shook his head.

"He doesn't have enough magic left himself. Even if he cast it, there's
no way to guarantee he'd hit who he intended and that curse can't be
repeated in quick succession. Come on, Moony, you can do it. He can't be
in much better shape than us."

"*Protego!*" he bit out, blocking yet another curse, his whole body
trembling. "I'm almost done for. I can cast one more and then that's it.
I haven't got anything left."

Below them Moody was shaking too, but he didn't look anywhere near ready
to give up. In fact, he only looked more and more excited, licking his
lips and shifting about. Harry buried his face into Sirius' shoulder.

"I"m so sorry. This is all my fault. You shouldn't have to die here. I'm
sorry. I'm sorry."

"Hush, Prongslet," Sirius said. "We've no regrets."

"Gracious, Harry," Remus joined, "We're not dead yet. We've still-
*Protego!*"

Harry and Sirius barely managed to catch and hold onto him as his final
spell stole the remainder of his strength, causing him tip backwards off
their perch. They pulled him back until he was collapsed on top of
Harry. Even as they regained their balance, Harry watched from the
corner of his eye as Moody lifted his wand for yet another blow.

Yet before he could cast anything, he leaped behind a pile of rubble.

"*Sectumsempra!*"

Harry's heart swelled with new hope at the familiar voice.

"It's Professor Snape!"

"Yeah," Sirius muttered unhappily. "Oh, look. He's brought his wench
too."

Sure enough, there was Professor Larousse, flying straight for them on a
broomstick. Behind them, Snape was keeping Moody pinned downed, casting
curse after curse with every intent to kill. Larousse came to hover
beside them and held out her hand.

"Give Harry to me," she commanded. "I'll fly him to safety."

"What about them?" Harry asked, afraid she would abandon his godfathers,
but the werewolves were already pushing him towards her, even Remus who
barely had strength enough to keep from falling. "No! Wait! What about
you?! I'm not leaving you here!"

"It's *you* he wants dead, pup," Sirius said, forcing Harry the rest of
the way onto the broom. Larousse's arm came around his middle, and he
found himself instinctively gripping the broomstick and adjusting his
weight to maintain their balance. Sirius shoved the broom away to keep
Harry from trying to get back to them, and let out one last snarl at the
woman. "Keep him safe or I'll kill you myself!"

"Sirius! Remus! No, don't!"

"Sshhh, Harry, they'll be fine," Larousse said, tightening her hold on
him. "I'll send the broom back for them. I promise, but I have to get
you out of here first."

He nodded, rearranging himself for easier flight. They were rising
higher, awkwardly, the school broom too small for both of them. "Okay,
just hurry."

"Alright, hang-"

There was a cracking sound, and the broom lurched, tipping straight
down. On his own, Harry would have been able to hold on, but Larousse
was wrapped around him, and their combined weight tore them both free
from the broom and sent them falling.

Harry crashed onto the slanted roof of the castle, the snow cushioning
his fall. Larousse landed beside him with a cry of pain. For a moment,
all they could do was stare stunned at one another, amazed that they'd
fallen and even more amazed that they were still alive. Then Larousse
cringed, and carefully reached behind to touch her back. Her hand came
away bloody.

"Are you al-" he started and then realized it was a pretty stupid thing
to ask. "How badly are you hurt?"

"Don't worry. I've survived worse. Are you alright?"

Harry took inventory of himself. "Nothing broken. Just kind of cold.
What happened?"

"I think one of Severus' curses got deflected right at us. It took out
the end of our broom and rather ruined my cloak," she said, smiling
shakily. He smiled back, just as shakily. He looked around, and was
surprised to see his godfathers were now above him, the tower looking
directly down at them. Could they perhaps jump to safety without him
weighing them down? Remus was probably too weak, but Sirius... No, he
wouldn't abandon Remus, and they didn't seem too concerned that Moody
would start firing on them.

He gave them a thumbs up to let them know he was alright, then looked
for some means off the roof. At the far end the roof connected to the
wall of a even larger section of the castle were two large windows
staring out at them.

"Do you think you can crawl over there?"

There was no response.

"Professor?"

She was unconscious, her eyes closed and her breath shallow. Harry
cursed. She was dying and without his magic there wasn't much he could
do for here or himself. By himself, the quiet of winter came over him,
and in the distance he could hear more spells being cast beneath them
and knew Snape wasn't going to be able to help either. He took a deep
breath, let it out, and then started crawling over to Larousse. He
grabbed the collar of her robes and started dragging her towards the
window.

It was ridiculously slow. She was heavy, the snow that had cushioned
their fall also made moving difficult, the warming charm was starting to
wear off, and the roof was too slanted to stand on. In fact, he wasn't
even sure *what* he was walking on, be it wood, copper, or very fragile
glass, and whether it might suddenly shatter beneath them. Yet slowly,
inch by inch, he made his way towards the window.

He made it about half way before another explosion rocked the castle.
There was no time to wonder reason or origin, as the snow and the thick
sheet of ice beneath that was shaken loose and they both began to slide
down the roof with it. Harry scrambled for a hold with his free hand,
but found only smooth, slick metal. They were speeding towards the edge,
and Harry thought the only hope they had was Snape noticing in time to
cast a levitation spell on them, but even that seemed ridiculously
optimistic.

Movement out of the corner of his eye, and he could see a Padfoot,
speeding towards him on four legs, his clawed feet finding traction
where Harry's blunt fingernails couldn't, and so very, very fast. He
closed the distance between them in a flash, and at the last leap he was
once again a man, snatching up Harry's arm in one hand. With his free
hand, he smashed his clawed fingers into the copper panels, puncturing
them into four perfect grips. Their descent was brought to a abrupt
stop, but Larousse was already half way over the edge.

Harry cried out as he felt his arm nearly pulled out of his socket. He
just barely keep his hold on Larousse.

"Harry!"

"Padfoot," he whimpered. "Help me. She's too heavy."

"I can't pull you both up! You have to let go of her!"

"No! She'll fall!"

There was a silent pause.

"Prongslet... she's already gone."

Harry looked down at her. She was very still, but that was because she
was unconscious, right? He tried shaking her a bit, but she didn't
respond. He shook her again.

"Harry!"

"She isn't dead, she's just... hurt. She's unconscious!"

"No... she's not. Let her go."

"Please..."

A second explosion shook the castle, and in his surprise, he lose his
grip. Larousse slid over the edge, and as she fell Harry could see her
face for just an instant.

She looked peaceful.

---

Voldemort emerged from the wreckage of Hogwarts one severely pissed off
dark wizard. While it was pretty neat to learn that he had, in fact,
survived a direct hit by the Killing Curse, it was not at all pleasant
to spend the next twenty minutes completely rearranging his physical
matter back into a usable form. Nor was it particularly fun learning
that most of the magic he'd gained through the Solstice ritual had been
used up in the process.

At least he still had enough of his own magical reserves to cause a
little havoc of his own. Finding Moody had been easy. All he had to do
was follow the shouting.

Exploding a wall that happened to be in his way probably wasn't
necessary, but he was feeling extravagantly violent at the moment and
considering all the damage already inflicted on the castle it hardly
made a difference. He stepped out onto the destruction the mad man had
wrought, and waded through the cloud of dust until he found himself
standing directly behind him. Through the haze he could make out Severus
taking cover behind a tree. They locked gazes for an instant, but there
was no time to communicate via legilimency before another curse by Moody
forced the potion's master to duck behind his cover.

Voldemort slapped Moody upside the head for interrupting them. The
escaped prisoner spun around, and then just gaped. Voldemort slapped him
again for being rude. Up close, the man's disturbed mind became readily
more apparent. With all the skill of a watch maker, he disassembled the
man's appearance, tools, and magic to determine his composition.
Certainly, Moody didn't look like he had. He had two legs for one, and
two eyes as well. Both of them belonged to another wizard, likely the
same one he was pretending to be. There was a definite madness there,
but it looked almost funny coming out of a skinny little man he was
pretending to be, his hair nearly all fallen out and eyebrows too bushy.
The flask in his engineer's robe had to contain polyjuice and the amulet
around his neck held the charms to avoid suspicion and were also clever
tools in his arsenal, and no doubt there were half a dozen more. In his
prime and in his insanity, Moody could never be accused of being
anything less than thorough.

"How-"

The Dark Lord wasn't in the mood to gloat. His wand still safely back at
the lodge, he performed his last bit of wandless magic for the day. He
smashed his hands together in a parody of a clap, and the stones beneath
them rose and crushed the impostor. Even over the sound of smashing
rocks, he could hear the crunch of bone and the squish of organs.

Voldemort smirked. He hoped the castle got as much enjoyment out of it
as he did. It had certainly relieved the worst of his bad mood.

Then the body of Severus' fiancée nearly landing on top of him sort of
ruined it all over again.

---

Natalie thought being the only daughter of two witches was the best sort
of life any girl could hope for. There were no huffy father droning on
about how a girl ought to behave (as if any adult man really knew
anything about little girls) or stinking up the house with cigars or
calling her silly for caring more about the latest album by the Wicked
Sisters than the latest Quidditch championship (unless it was school
quidditch and Harry won, that is).

No, having two mothers was way better than having a mother *and* a
father. Especially when they were very different. Constantina and Lenora
were as different as the sun and the moon, but you would never find a
more loving pair in Britain. Constantina was a driven, ambitious woman
who was always planning something and never tolerating even the smallest
slight. Lenora on the other hand was as flighty as a butterfly, always
curious to try new things and just as quickly to abandon them, with nary
a thought to other people's opinions of her.

Sometimes the only thing Natalie thought they had in common was how much
they loved to spoil her.

"How does this taste?" Lenora asked, handing her a cookie shaped like a
stocking. Her mothers and she were gathered around the kitchen table,
Constantina perusing the paper for advertisements on auctions and
rummage sales and foreclosures (she was an antique dealer and very good
at snatching up the most peculiar and hard to find items), dressed head
to toe in black except for the fuzzy white and red slippers Natalie had
gotten her when she was eight. Lenora, golden hair tied up in a bandanna
and her face powdered with flour, was experimenting with cookie recipes
in hopes of really surprising the other witches in her book club.

Natalie dutifully nibbled the offered experiment and chuckled.

"Like pumpkin."

"Damn! It's suppose to taste like coffee!"

"Coffee-flavored cookies?" Constantina asked skeptically, looking up
from her newspaper. "Blah. The pumpkin flavored cookies sound better."

"But they're completely inappropriate for the season!" she lamented.
"Whose going to buy these at the bake sale?"

"Zonko's Joke Shop," the other witched offered, then turned back to her
newspaper.

"I'll take them! I bet Harry would like them," Natalie said, thinking of
all the times she seen him trying to sneak extra pieces of pumpkin pie
during the fall. It didn't take her long to realize her mistake, for
both her mothers were now sharing amused looks. "What?"

"Nothing," said Lenora, her smile not shrinking a millimeter. "Just
wondering what else this Harry boy must like. You've been very secretive
about him lately. It used to be you'd send us letters all about how
'Harry talks to snakes' or 'Harry won the Quidditch cup' or 'Harry cured
Blue Pox'-"

"Harry *had* Blue Pox, not cured it. That's just silly."

"Yes, of course. But lately, I haven't heard a peep. You're obviously
still friends. Might you be a little bit... more now?"

Natalie took great pride in not blushing.

"Maybe."

"Well, since you're not sure, do you mind if I take a crack at him? I've
seen his picture in the papers. *Very* cute!"

"Mom!

"Don't tease, Lenora. I might get jealous."

"Mother!"

"Well, I can't risk Constantina's wrath. At least not until after
Christmas. It seems you'll have no competition from me."

"Hmph! You're not his type, anyway!" Natalie sniffed. "He's much too
sophisticated."

Lenora feigned a heart broken look, and started on a new mixture of
cookie doe, this time with avocado. "So what is your
maybe-more-than-friend doing for the holiday?"

"Communing with the planet. He's a pagan, you know. And not one of those
'don't eat meat or use potions because they're made with kitten livers'
pagans either. I mean a *real* pagan. Run around naked in the moonlight
and talk to trees and summon up elementals sort of pagan. You-Know-Who
is giving him *personal* instruction. I've seen the spell their going to
try during the Solstice. It's wicked powerful."

Constantina chuckled. "A sophisticated naturalist? Sounds like fun, but
if he offers you mushrooms or homemade droughts, I expect you to say
'no' am I understood?"

Natalie rolled her eyes. She knew her mothers didn't believe half of
what she told them about Harry, even though he had shown up in the
papers and everything. It was probably for the best anyway. They'd flip
their lids if they really knew what was going on.

"It may be too late," Lenora butted in. "I saw your Christmas present on
your dresser when I was taking care of your laundry. You'll have to show
us what he got you when you open it."

"Hmph. Then you'll be waiting a long time. I'm going to open it with
Harry or not at all."

"Well, aren't you a romantic?" Constantina said, knowing it was rather
ironic. Natalie was to romantic what hawks were to bunnies. The
Slytherin smirked.

"I just don't like the idea of him going off and having fun without me."

---

Vesper Larousse was cremated two days before Christmas. Harry, who had
never been to an actual wizarding funeral, was not in any state to
appreciate the grandeur of it. It was performed 'old style', at the very
top of a hill where a large circular platform of stone had been laid out
for everyone to stand on and at the center a pyre. Larousse's body was
wrapped in white linen with her face exposed, the injuries of her death
unseen, and her expression peaceful as it had been the moment she'd
died. Those gathered, and for a woman with no family there were great
many mourners, laid bundles of dried flowers over her body until she was
completely buried beneath them. Snape was the one to set it all alight.

Harry watched him from the other end of the platform, searching for some
sort of clue about what he was feeling and if he believed Harry had
killed his fiancée. She had died trying to save him from a situation he
had gotten himself into, after all. He was under no illusions that she
would have lived if he hadn't gone back to the castle. Whether he still
would have done so, knowing that if he didn't his godfathers would both
have died, was something he had yet to resolve with himself. Yet Snape
did not look at him nor had he acknowledged him in any way since
Larousse's death. There was no anger and no tears. Whatever the man felt
about his loss or Harry's role in it, he buried deep under layers of
solemn responsibility.

Harry rather thought he must look exactly the same.

His tears had come and gone, leaving him feeling hollow. Hermione was
standing beside him, gripping his hand comfortingly, but he couldn't
muster the energy to squeeze it back. She had tried so hard to get him
to talk to her, but what could he say? The woman she had admired was
dead because of him. The only ones who knew the truth were the ones who
had been there, and of them the two he thought might understand how he
felt had been sent back to the werewolf territories.

With the death of Moody and the subsequent execution of his
co-conspirators the next day, the terrorist threat was over and the
werewolves called back by their Head Alpha. Harry hadn't even been
allowed a proper goodbye, for no sooner than Sirius pulled Harry off the
roof and to safety, Sentinels had shown up and dragged him off to St.
Mungo's. They were safe at least. Voldemort had spared just enough time
to inform him of that before disappearing to play his political games.
Victoria had been the one to take him back to the Sianach Lodge, and she
was the only person he could stand to see for the two days it took for
the funeral to be organized.

The wake was an elaborate affair, with a lot of pomp and circumstance
and speeches about heroism by men and women in uniforms. Harry could
only grit his teeth through it all. He hadn't known the woman long, but
what he did know was that she hadn't wanted to be a heroine. She had
wanted to be a wife and mother. She had been denied twice, first by the
death of her family and then by her own.

Would she see her loved ones in heaven?

For the part he had played in her demise and his dalliance into ancient
magics, would he ever be able to see his own?

The pyre's blaze grew in power and violence, lashing out with burning
hands at the cold wind whipping against it. In the smoke and shimmering
haze, Harry lost sight of Snape and everyone else on the other side of
the platform. He dimly heard the recitation of the priest, recognizing
snatches of Latin and bowed his head with everyone else when the prayer
was said.

He hadn't realized when it was over, his thoughts lost at some point in
the drone of the priest's voice and the roar of the fire. A hand on his
shoulder drew his attention upwards, Victoria looking down at him with a
kind, sad smile.

"It's time to go now, Harry."

He nodded, and turned to Hermione who was still holding his hand. She
was looking at him worriedly, and behind her Draco was wearing the
Slytherin equivalent (which looked rather similar to his 'I wonder if it
will explode if I touch it' expression). Hermione pulled him into a
fierce hug, and he felt something rise up in him.

*It could have been her. If she had been at the castle, she would have
gone after me. She could have died.*

He pulled back sharply, suddenly unable to breath.

"Harry-"

"Stop," he gasped. "I can't... You can't... just leave me alone... for
now."

Hermione expression was pained and painful to look at, but Draco quickly
dragged her away.

"Leave him be. He's not ready for an inquisition right now," he said
sternly, then turned to Harry. "Just fire call or send an owl or
whatever if you want to talk or just hang out. We'll be there when
you're ready."

He just nodded without looking at them, feeling rather than watching as
they walked away. Victoria's hand squeezed his shoulder lightly.

"It's cold out, Young Master. Lets get you inside."

The platform was almost empty as she escorted him down the steps on to
the gravel path that would take them the church and behind that their
car. Around them the landscape stretched out before them like black and
white photograph; vast white hills, gray skies, black skeleton trees.
The mourner is their white cloaks and robes were barely visible. He
paused for just a moment to look back, and just out of reach of the
crumbling remains of the pyre he could see the Dark Lord speaking softly
to Snape.

---

"I'm sorry, my friend," Voldemort said. Snape shook his head, smiling
bitterly.

"You've nothing to be sorry for. Of everyone there, you are probably the
only one who *didn't* contribute to her death."

"Severus..."

"I'm not going to take it out on Potter, if that's what you're worried
about. Why bother? He's doing a fine job of it himself. This is going to
haunt him for the rest of his life."

The pyre finally collapsed, sending up sparks and ash to be carried away
by the wind and the remains little more than frail blackened sticks.

"Severus, I'm more concerned about you. I can't read you. Normally, I
would have you take that as a compliment, but under the circumstances
it's worrisome. Do you believe yourself responsible?"

Snape chuckled darkly, not looking the least bit amused.

"Beyond the fact that it was my deflected spell that killed her? That I,
as her fiancée, utterly failed to protect her? No, of course not."

"You know matters were more complicated than that. She was a very
willful woman. And you were not in any position to order her to safety."

"I tried, I'll admit. She ignored me. It's more her fault than anyone's
except perhaps Moody's that she's dead now. Rushing after Potter like
she did, leaving her back exposed. I know that. I also know if either of
us had told Harry that we knew his godfathers where still in the castle
before we left it, none of this would have happened."

Another chuckle escaped him, a touch hysterical, but he reigned it in
fast. Voldemort admired it. The potion's master was a strong willed man,
mysterious in his motivations and emotions, and even now he was exerting
impressive self-control and rationality.

"You know," he continued. "when she died, I thought I was in shock. I
barely felt anything other than surprised disbelief. She was so
beautiful and so very alive, and then she was just beautiful. It should
have worn off by now though. I should... *feel* something. At least, I
should feel something like what Potter is. Sad, I suppose. But I don't.
I feel regret that the plains we made won't come to fruition, and I miss
her company, but I don't... I'm not sad."

Voldemort didn't really understand. He had never felt sad for a person
before, not even himself, yet he knew it was customary for someone who
wasn't a complete sociopath to feel some sort of grief over someone they
loved passing away. Unless...

"You did not love her?" he tried, and Snape stiffened. "I'm actually
surprised. She seemed to make you happy."

"She did make me happy."

He stepped away from Voldmort, moving to another side of the pyre. He
with drew his wand and started shifting through the ashes and debris.

"I think there must be something missing," he said, "I think I fell in
love with her dreams, with her ability to still dream. It hadn't
occurred to me that I could have the sort of happiness she described.
The kind of happiness that can be shared with others, instead of
coveted, that grows the more it is given away. Those dreams should have
died with her, but... they haven't. The dream isn't dead. She gave me
the dream... but I don't need her to carry it out."

Voldemort just tilted his head curiously, wondering if his servant
intended to run off with one of his fiancées bones. Human bones, even
burn ones, were powerful ingredients for potions after all. After a few
minutes of quietly sifting through the ash, Snape seemed to find what he
was looking for and caught it at the end of his wand.

It was a ring, glowing red from the heat of the fire.

"It's ironic," Snape mused, staring down at the ring with something akin
to affection. "She died trying to destroy that same sort of happiness
Potter was searching for with his godfathers, and Potter still probably
feels more grief over her than I do. He didn't even know she wanted to
give him the real thing."

He cast a cooling charm on the ring, placed it in his pocket, and stood
up. The two wizards stared at one another for a long moment, and still
Voldemort couldn't quite read the other. He wondered if this was true
rationality or if the man hadn't gone a bit insane.

"What will you do now?" Voldemort asked, hoping for some clue into his
state of mind.

"I'll try again. I doubt there is another Vesper out there for me, but
I'm sure I can find a suitable wife and bearer of my children. I'll wait
a year before I start courting anyone. That should be a reasonable
amount of time for 'grieving'. No point in insulting the dead."

Voldemort nodded in agreement.

"When you are ready, I'll be more than happy to assist if you require
it. Despite the previous failures, I am usually quite adept at selecting
compatible pairs."

"Thank you, my Lord."

---

Kimshi is an magical sport from the orient, rather like polo only you
ride some sort of magical animal in the water instead of a horse on land
and it's only played between two people. Water chess is a team sport
with positions, and is played on top of water and is rather too
complicated to explain here, but if you're not careful you can drown
playing it. :P

IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT!!!! TRANSLATORS NEEDED!

Book III is coming to an end in a few weeks, and I am already starting
on book IV of the series. There is quite a bit of German and some French
in it, and since I'm able to speak either, I am looking for some help.
Several people have offered to help and actively helped already, and I
am hoping for continued assistance. Before anyone agrees to anything,
they should be aware that I will require a lot more translation than I
did in the previous chapters and must be able to commit their time and
effort to it and be able to respond promptly when I submit text, since I
can not progress in writing without certain parts translated first. If
you are fluent in German or French (or both would be nice too) and
English, and can translate quickly and consistently, creative in your
translation (I know what sounds natural in English doesn't always sound
natural in another language, and vice versa, so some tweaking is to be
expected and appreciated) and are willing to help me I would be so
grateful! In return, you will receive updated chapters as they are
written rather than once a week and earn my eternal gratitude!
