# The Prince and the Scribes

Friday afternoon, Harry left for London. Hermione had dressed him semi-formal
in an outfit he hadn't seen since his stay at the Dark Lord's lodge, and
wrapped in his Baluvian cloak for his journey to Hogsmeade. The journey was
something of a parade, with Horace McGunny, Colin Creevey, Professor Snape,
and himself placed into a carriage and surrounded by a large contingent of
Sentinels on the ground and on horse back guarding them. Even more Sentinels
wandered the streets of Hogsmeade, while curious onlookers peered out their
windows at the person responsible for so much security.

It was all eerily quiet to Harry, peering out over the snow covered country
side and village with only the sound of the carriage wheels and horses to
break the silence. McGunny, a formidable boy in Harry's estimation, had said
nothing more than a few polite greetings, and Harry wasn't sure if it was his
own sense of professional courtesy or Snape's presence that stayed his
questions. Creevey, normally a flash happy fool, seemed to be waiting for
McGunny's permission to do anything and Harry was glad for it. He didn't think
he could stand his picture being taken just yet.

He needed the time to think. Snape knew what he would be allowed to talk
about, and they had practiced signals to help them communicate what to do if
the questions were to be avoided, ignored, lied in response to, or told
plainly. That still left the things Harry didn't *want* to talk about, and
wasn't obligated to indulge. He resolved not to discuss his friends. He didn't
want attention drawn to them with potential assassins wandering about. He also
couldn't discuss the basilisk debacle even if he wanted to. That left a lot of
other things he wasn't sure he wanted known or not.

How much was he willing to talk about the Dark Lord? About his parent's death?
His relationship with his godparents? His relatives? Who knew what everyone
would start asking?

It all came down to what he was willing to let complete strangers and
acquaintances know about him. Strangers and acquaintances who could be
potential friends or enemies. It all made him hyper aware of his
vulnerabilities.

They stopped the carriage at Madam Pudifoot's and from there took her floo to
a security check point in the Iron House. Sneezing out floo powder and soot,
Harry stumbled into a lobby of some sort, with high vaulted ceilings and
columns engraved with iron gargoyles staring down at them accusingly.

"Step this way Mr. Potter," ordered a Sentinel, looking as intimidating as the
gargoyles that surrounded them. She handed him some water to drink, while she
ran her wand over him to check for unauthorized paraphernalia. The only
questionable items she found were his watch and cloak, which she let him keep.

As they were being checked over, several other people arrived. Harry assumed
they were the other reporters and photographers. This was confirmed when one
of the wizards who just entered immediately tried to take a picture and was
tackled to the ground by several Sentinels.

"Andy, you have to wait for security to clear you first!" the woman who
preceded him admonished. She would have been quite pretty if her dress and
make-up weren't so gaudy, and she didn't try to turn her every gesture and
expression into some sort of sexual tease. At first, she looked totally
ridiculous to Harry, but when she turned her attention to him he found himself
terrified. He was very glad there were several Sentinels and a Snape between
them.

"That would be Rita Skeeter," Snape informed him. "A remarkable specimen of
newspaper media. Her natural habitat ranges from political scandals to the
sexual misconduct of pop idols, where she grazes on the babble of men
unprepared for her vulgar innuendo, only to regurgitate misquotations and
fragmented statements later for the rest of her pack back at the Wizarding
Weekly. She is the finest of her species."

Harry was not comforted. Snape smirked.

"Just pay attention to what she is saying, not *how* she says it. And if she
leans forward, for Merlin's sake, don't look down."

What did he mean by... oh. *Oh. Eww.*

"Potter," McGunny greeted, "Mind if we get a picture?" He gestured towards
Colin waiting anxiously behind him.

Harry's first instinct was to say no, but then remember this was what he had
agreed to and nodded. He didn't smile though. In wizarding pictures, you could
always tell when an emotion was fake, because after a while the people would
fidget in the image and give themselves away. So he stood still and serious,
and hoped he would look less nervous than fake smiling would reveal.

Colin barely got a shot off, before another reporter shoved him rudely aside
to get one of his own. Harry's wand immediately snapped up, muttering a hex.
The camera was encased in a sphere of darkness. The photographer panicked, and
dropped it. There was a very tense silence.

"I didn't give *you* permission," Harry said stiffly, though in truth he was
most irritated by the man's callous act towards his classmate. He might not
have liked Colin, but he *hated* adults bullying children. He helped the
younger Gryffindor to his feet, and checked to make sure both boy and camera
were unharmed. The photographer, a burly young man, was flustered.

"Er... s-sorry... didn't mean to..."

"You took too many liberties. Now you know better. Now you *all* know better,"
Snape growled at the room.

Harry had expected to be scolded by his professor, but the man seemed to
approve. He would have to ask him about that later. The Sentinels went back to
checking the people and their equipment, and the reporters just watched young
Harry, re-evaluating their approach. They weren't used to dealing with
children, but had assumed automatically that he would be easily intimidated.
That clearly wasn't the case. It also didn't escape their notice that Harry
and Snape had both been allowed to keep their wands while the rest of them had
not.

Everyone remembered to ask before taking his picture after that.

A woman, not a Sentinel though, appeared from a side door to escort them to a
drawing room. The room itself reminded Harry of a cheap knock off Malfoy's
drawing room with a large fire place, dark furniture, and a wet bar set just
so. Harry was instructed to sit in the Master chair, a wing-backed monstrosity
positioned dramatically by the fire, while the reporters took up the
surrounding sofa's and love seats. A few Sentinels guarded the doors and
directly behind the reporters, while Snape set himself directly across from
Harry in a slightly smaller replica of his own chair. From his position, Harry
could see all of Snape's little gestures and expressions that would guide him
through the interview, while to everyone else he was completely hidden.

The hostess-like woman set out some tea and snacks, bid them all to keep their
questions 'civilized', and left. There was a very tense silence. Harry looked
around at their anxious, eager faces and wondered why no one had started. He
paused at McGunny, who looked vaguely amused at the other reporters.

"May I ask you some questions, Mr. Potter?"

Harry smiled a bit. It seemed that of all the reporters there, the only one
who knew how to start was the only one who knew how to be polite.

"Of course."

"Your name has appeared during several events of public interest, yet this is
the first time you have agreed to a formal interview. Can you tell us why?"

There was a pause as Harry thought of his reply, then "I'm a private person. I
don't like being gossiped about, but lately that's been impossible to avoid
with all the time I've spent with Lord Voldemort-" there were a few little
gasps "- and with people trying to kill me. There's a lot of ridiculous ideas
floating around, and I thought it was time to set things right. I still don't
like being gossiped about, but the truth is better than a fantasy. At least, I
think so."

Another reporter spoke up.

"Ah, Mr. Potter, if I may," he asked, and continued when he received a nod,
"There's been a great deal of speculation about your origins. We know you were
picked up by WYRA just shortly before you came to Hogwarts, but can you recall
anything about your parentage?"

Harry took a deep breath, looked to Snape for reassurance, and nodded.

"Yes, I-" he swallowed thickly, "I was born in England. My father was James
Potter and my mother is Lily Evans. Both attended Hogwarts where I go to
school now, and married after they graduated. I was born a few years later,
but we fled to Germany before I turned one. We lived as muggles for all the
time they raised me. I didn't even know wizards existed until..."

He had to pause, and poured himself some tea. No one dared rush him, though he
could read a savage hunger for his every word. Only McGunny remained
respectfully reserved, encouraging him to continue with the most minute of
gestures.

"Until they died when I was eight. They were killed by a burglar while I was
at school. I was sent to live with my mom's muggle sister and her family in
Surrey, still thinking I was just..."

He almost shrugged, but caught himself.

"... unmagical. I didn't perform any magic until I was ten, and then WYRA came
and got me. Actually, it was Pro-"

Snape made a gesture for him to stop his line of explanation, looking rather
alarmed.

"...probably the best thing that ever happened to me," he finished.

"Are you telling us *both* your parents were British-born wizards?" a
bespectled man asked.

"Yes. My father was a pureblood and my mother was a muggleborn. And you didn't
ask permission first. If you do that again, I'll ignore your question."

Rita Skeeter, finally took her opportunity to attack.

"Harry, if I may call you Harry?"

He didn't even look at her to see if she was leaning forward. "No, you may
not."

"Oh... might I ask what your relation to the Dark Lord might be? Familial
perhaps?"

"No, we aren't related. At least not closely... I don't think. I suppose we
both come from Salazar Slytherin descendants, because of the parseltongue and
all. My great grandfather was a parselmouth, but I don't think my dad was.
Probably skipped generations in the Potter line. You all knew I was a
parselmouth, right?"

Everyone nodded.

"So, no we're not related. We just... do stuff together. I'm not sure how it
got started really."

"How did you two first meet?" she continued.

That was one of those questions Snape had told him to avoid explaining and
Harry was more than happy to. So he ignored her and turned to one of the
reporters who hadn't spoken.

"Do you have a question?"

She seemed surprised, and struggled for a moment before spitting out, "What
are your thoughts on foreign wizards attempting to kill you? How do you feel
about it?"

He smiled at her. "Probably the same way I'd feel if British wizards were
attempting to kill me. I really wish they wouldn't. It's hard to have fun from
a hospital bed and I'm way behind on my schoolwork."

There were a few chuckles, and even Snape managed to smirk.

The next couple of questions were about the last three assassination attempts,
which Harry could answer honestly and openly enough. Yes, he helped rescue
teachers from the collapsing stands. No, he didn't rescue Malfoy, the Dark
Lord, or help keep the stands aloft. Yes, it made him very angry that so many
innocent people could have been hurt. No, he wouldn't be playing Quidditch
that year. The poisoning was very unpleasant, but he was very happy to have a
potion's master on hand who recognized and remedied the problem. It was in his
pumpkin juice. No, he doubted a classmate did it. Yes, it tasted awful. Yes,
werewolves rescued him from the third attempt...(and after a dirty look from
Snape)... but his professors would have done so if they weren't there. Their
names were Sirius Blackbone and Remus Slivermoon. No, he wasn't afraid of
them. Yes, he trusted them (despite the dirty look Snape gave him).

"They're my godfathers," Harry volunteered. The only information he'd
volunteered. "My father named Sirius as my godfather when I was born. I would
be living with him right now except for the whole werewolf thing."

"How did they become werewolves?" McGunny asked, and despite not waiting his
turn, Harry answered anyway.

"Remus was a werewolf since he was a little kid. My dad was a good friend when
they went to Hogwarts together, even after he found out. Sirius was my dad's
best mate, and they were aurors together during the war. After he got
captured, Remus vouched for him and Greyback turned him into a werewolf."

"Your father actively fought against the Dark Lord?"

"Yeah... I mean, yes. Yes, both my parents did."

Skeeter raised her hand, and reluctantly Harry acknowledged her.

"How do you think your parents would feel about your relationship with the
Dark Lord, especially after losing the war to him?"

Harry tensed. He did not like that question, having wondered himself many
times over the year. Would they be proud? Horrified? Sad? He looked to Snape,
but he merely lifted a brow. *Well?*

"... I don't know. I loved my parents very much, and I'll always respect that
they fought for what they believed in, regardless of whether they turned out
to be right or not, but I never knew them as well as I thought I did. I only
knew them as my muggle parents, not the wizard and witch and warriors that
they were. I can't say if they'd be happy or angry about the decisions I've
made. They couldn't be here to help me make them, so I have to accept that
I'll never know. All I can do is make decisions I can live with and be proud
of, and hope they'll understand, where ever they are."

The reporters scurried to write down what he said (quik-quotes quills had been
banned from the interview), except for McGunny who looked at Harry and
gestured towards Colin waiting anxiously behind him. He nodded and Colin
grabbed a quick picture of him, still caught up in the melancholy of his
thoughts. It startled everyone else, a few even snapped their quills. The
other photographers scrambled to get the same shot, but Harry was already
distracted with fixing the damaged quills and the shot was lost.

"Do you have any plans after graduating?" McGunny asked.

"Nothing concrete. I have a lot of things I'd like to try, but they're not
really plans. I'd like to travel some. Explore the Britain beyond Hogsmeade.
Take art lessons. College, though I don't know what I'd study. I've got time
to figure it out though."

"Do you think you'll go into politics or a Court related job?" someone else
asked.

"I hope not. That all sounds really boring."

That earned him a few chuckles. From there, the topics were much lighter. How
did he like school? What was his favorite subject? What activities did he
participate in? What about his summers? What did he like best about the
wizarding world? Simple and menial, there were very few questions he had to
avoid (Where do you stay for the summer? Who is your best friend? Do you have
a girlfriend?) and at long last an invisible clock chimed the end of the hour
and the end of their questions.

---
---

Snape managed to make it to his rooms a quarter to nine and was considering
turning in early for the night, when the appearance of Larousse threw his
plans to the wind. He suppose he should have expected her, but honestly he had
been too relieved his responsibility for the night was over to think of other
obligations. Harry had done far better than he had thought he would, and his
early establishment of magical dominance was pleasantly unexpected and insured
control over the reporters.

"How did it go?" she asked, as he drew near.

"It went well. The Dark Lord will be pleased, so long as Wizard Weekly
remembers their place. I don't trust that Skeeter woman not to twist
everything into something insipid and melodramatic. How was your evening?"

"... I've lost the werewolves."

He stiffened.

"I was keeping track of them until I had to supervise Sr. Dueling Club, and
then they just disappeared. I keep getting this feeling that they've been
stalking me though."

She did not seem overly concerned, and he thought her rather careless for
that. The werewolves were not as logical or as afraid of the Dark Lord's wrath
as a typical wizard, but relied heavily on their instinct.

And their instinct was to kill her, the wild cat to their wolf, their natural
enemy.

The only thing staying their hand was probably Harry. If they learned of her
intention to adopt him, then all bets were off. He would have to remind her.

"Do you wish to come in?"

"That wouldn't be appropriate," she said, although she looked tempted.

"We are well beyond the age were chaperone's are necessary, madam. We will
behave ourselves, and there is no one here to imply otherwise."

He stepped into his private rooms and she followed. She had only been there
once before, when Harry was injured under Infelix misera, and took a moment to
gage her surroundings more closely while her host set about making them tea.
There was a sitting room connected to a kitchenette and hallway that must have
led to his bedroom, bathroom, and study. Everything was masculine and a bit
messy. The walls were lined with shelves, crammed with tomes and scrolls and
even then a few stray items had to be stacked on top or pilled beside or
between the shelves, and a display case of silver and glass and more
protections spells and wards than a Gringrotts' vault stood nearby. There was
a large fire place, always lit even in summer to fight the dungeon's constant
drafts, and above it a collection of swords she knew him to be proficient in.
There was a sitting chair for reading and a couch for napping most likely,
comfortably ragged and probably having seen very little company.

"Does it meet with my lady's approval?" he asked from the kitchenette.

"It's a bit gloomy without windows, but it suits you."

"I strike you as gloomy?"

"Of course not. You're much too aggressive a personality for that. It suits
you *despite* being gloomy. Can you tell if the mongrels followed me down
here?"

"Can't you?"

"I thought they might have, but the dungeons at night make me paranoid."

He was smirking as he brought over the tea, setting it on a small end table.

"They did not follow. They *could not* follow. I have the entire floor warded
against them. You and your confidences are safe here, but I will escort you
back to your rooms when we're done."

"That's very chivalrous of you, but I-"

"It's is the duty of a husband to look after his wife's well being. I may as
well practice it now."

She smiled, and he felt strangely pleased with himself. Damn tea.

"Is there anything in particular you wished to discuss? Aside from Potter's
romp down memory lane?"

"Yes. I think I figured out why you should adopt Harry."

"Oh? Does it involve free manual labor?"

"Severus, really. This is much better. I feel like a fool for not thinking of
it sooner."

"Well, you managed it in the nick of time. You had less than three hours
before you had to abandon this enterprise altogether. So what did you find?"

"The Potter Vault."

Snape stared at her for a moment, a bit surprised, then sighed.

"As much fun as it would be playing pirate with my old nemesis' wealth, I
don't think the Dark Lord would approve of the misappropriation of young
Potter's inheritance."

"Of course not, and I don't think you'd be dishonorable enough to do such a
thing. I'm not talking about galleons and gemstones, I'm talking about
knowledge."

"Knowledge?"

"Books, Severus. The Potters are a very, very old family. Their wealth is
accumulated, not in money, but in books and scrolls and magical artifacts. I
did some research, as much as I could on such short notice, and did you know
they have the eighth largest collection of Book of Shadows in Britain? That's
a lot of never before duplicated spells, Severus. Spells that haven't been
seen in centuries. And best of all, you don't need to steal them. Only borrow
them long enough to make copies. When Harry is legally an adult, he'll keep
the originals and you'll keep the new ones."

Snape's interest was definitely peaked. He could easily confess to being an
all out bibliophile, and a great deal of his wealth had gone towards the
accumulation of rare and valuable books. He had kept all of his college text
books, written three of his own, collected over two hundred in different
languages while traveling abroad, and raided more antique stores and auctions
than he could remember, but what he did not have were Book of Shadows. The
Prince family books had been sold in his youth to pay for his education, and
such books were near impossible to pry from their rightful owners. Most
preferred them burned rather than have them passed to someone outside the
family.

"And then, of course, there is the dowry."

"Dowry?"

"It should be quite substantial for Harry. You're entitled to a percentage as
the head of the family, you know? And of course, there are those who will pay
handsomely just be given permissions to *try* and court Harry when he comes of
age."

"It would be the Dark Lord's-"

"He trusts your judgment. He'll let you manage the matter just as he let you
manage Harry's press conference and formal outings. Just think of it this way
Severus. You would have all the same responsibilities that you have now, only
you'd receive much greater compensation."

Snape let out a rude snort.

"That isn't true and you know it. The title of 'Father' entails a whole world
of new responsibilities that 'guardian' does not. For every failure, misdeed,
embarrassment, and lapse in judgment Potter commits, I will be judged in
turn."

"And every success, accomplishment, and honor will bring glory to you. You
will finally be acknowledged as you deserved, but never were because of your
father. You will be the head of a family of purebloods, as strong and
influential as Lestrange or Broadwick or *Prince.* You will be the *pater
primo *of the Snapes, the next great family of Purebloods."

"By following Potter?" he asked, bitterly.

"Or by leading him. It's up to you."

Snape remained quiet for a long time, mulling over everything she had said.
Some of it sounded over idealistic, but workable. It all appealed to him on
some level. It was true that no Pureblood could turn him away without turning
away Potter as well, and that would be a slap in the face of the Dark Lord.
Unforgivable. Life threatening. Infinitely satisfying to Snape.

Plus it would piss off Black and Lestrange something fierce.

He sighed.

"Very well. You've convinced me."

And she kissed him. She caught him by surprise, but... it was a pleasant sort
of surprise. She was very soft and warm, and tasted of the tea they had been
drinking. Her breasts pressed against his chest, and he could feel them rise
and fall with her quickening breath, and he was sorely tempted to stand and
seize her and...

He pulled back, flush and flustered.

"Per..perhaps you needed that chaperon, after all," he managed.

She looked utterly unrepentant.

"Thank you, Severus. You've made me so happy."

"Don't thank me just yet. I said you convinced *me*. Now you have to convince
the Dark Lord."

---
---

Natalie walked into Tuesday dueling practices hoping to see Harry, but he was
as elusive that day as he had been since Friday. Aside from a few glimpses
during classes and in the halls, she hadn't seen him hardly at all, but then
no one else had either. He was feeling extraordinarily shy since the
interviews, and the unusually high influx of newspapers hadn't helped matters.
Every where she went there were students and teachers reading or talking about
him, and she would be quite annoyed if she weren't just as bad.

She had read the articles. At least a dozen of them anyway. Aside from the
Hogwart's Herald, the only paper most anyone read was the Wizard Weekly, but
alternative newspapers such as Newts & News, Pellington's Inquisition, and the
Third Eye Tribune had been smuggled in with the morning mail, as well. Much of
what was said was contradictory to the other papers.

Some portrayed Harry as a young tyrant, casting spells this way and that for
the most minor of offenses, while others described him has mild-mannered and
chivalrous, fixing broken cameras and helping some one up when they tripped.
Still others suggested he was uncertain of himself and snippish, others that
he was unusually self assured and humorous. She didn't really care about any
of the paper's opinion's regarding his personality, as she knew him better
than any of them could ever boast.

What she did care about was that his parents were really wizards, his body
guards were really his godfathers, he didn't want to work for the Court, and
that she hadn't known any of that before. Oh, she had suspected his past was
traumatic, that he held secrets, and liked his privacy, but she felt she
should have been privy to at least *some *of it. Hermione must have known. She
probably knew all of it.

God, she hated that girl.

Since she was already there, Natalie decided to work off some of her
frustration in a duel. She wasn't the best duelist in the club, but she did
well enough that at least the *girls* were afraid of her. There was one other
person in the supply closet changing into their combat robes, and she couldn't
help but smirk a little when she saw who it was.

"Hello, Ginerva."

The younger girl spun around, startled, and her alarm didn't waver when she
recognized her company.

"It's been a while. I was beginning to think you were avoiding me," Natalie
teased, step towards her and then past her to where her uniform was hanging.
Ginny stiffened, but didn't reply, instead securing her leather armor. "I hope
there aren't any hard feelings."

Ginny glanced at her, then back towards the exit, but didn't speed up her
pace. Gryffindor pride cracked, but not broken. Natalie's smirked widened.

"We shouldn't let something as silly as a boy come between years of...
history. We girls have to stick together, after all."

The younger girl finished strapping on the last of her armor, and walked out.
Natalie knew it was petty and futile and stupid considering Harry had only
been hers for the briefest of moments. At least he *had* been hers, and if it
meant reminding one silly little girl she'd had even less in order for her to
be content with that, then it was all fine and dandy.

One day Harry would be ready, and she would be there to snatch him up before
anyone else. Or perhaps he would come to her.

He was unpredictable like that.

---
---

Book of Shadows- a handwritten book of spells collected and sometimes created
by an individual or family/coven.

Literally, it's Latin for 'first father', and I use it as a term indicating
the first of a genetic line. Like Salazar Slytherin would be a *pater primo*
because no one knows anything (we assume) about the Slytherin line before him.
