# The Prince and his Sorrow

Victoria made a considerably more pleasant companion than Madam
Hardwick. The benefits of her presence were easily recognized. She was
friendly, considerate, and kind. Harry wished he could work up the
energy to give her the smile he could tell she so desperately wanted,
but he didn't know if he'd ever be able to find one again.

Hermione's hug was the instigator of a cycle of thoughts that he seemed
incapable of breaking away from. His parents were dead. Larousse was
dead. Hermione had nearly died. Sirius and Remus had nearly died. So too
had Snape. All of his friends had put their lives at risk just
associating with him. Even Tom, and he cursed himself for not being a
true friend and sending that letter to check on him, had gotten sick
again after they'd made up. Now, it wasn't all his fault. Some of it
probably wasn't his fault at all, but how much of it was? Who else was
going to get hurt or die just by being around him?

"What are you thinking, Young Master, that's got you looking so blue?
Best stop now. It doesn't do anyone a wit of good making yourself
heartsick," Victoria said, setting a bowl of hot soup in front of him.
"Eat up. Mum always used to say chicken noodle soup was good for body
and the soul."

"Thanks, Vicki."

He wasn't the least bit hungry, but if he couldn't smile for her, he
could at least eat for her. It wasn't like there was anything else to
do. They were stuck in a London hotel for the night, pending an inquiry
at the Iron House the next morning. They held adjoining rooms, but she
hadn't left his side for more than ten minutes at a time, stepping out
only to get food, tea, and a letter of instruction from the hotel front
desk. The hotel wasn't particularly fancy, but it was nice enough for
someone who was about be interrogated. Victoria said they just wanted to
take his statement. Harry wondered why they even bothered since
Voldemort had been there to tell his version of events and that was the
only version that mattered.

"What's going to happen after the holidays are over?" he asked, trying
to distract himself from his gloomy thoughts.

"Oh, they've started repairs to the school already. It helps that the
school will fix itself once the proper wards are activated or
de-activated as the case might be. There wasn't a lot of activity on
that side of the school anyway, so classes should begin as usual."

"And the Dark Arts and Defense class?"

"... a substitute will take over."

"Mm."

There was an awkward silence as they struggled to find things to say.
Victoria changed subjects.

"Is there anywhere you'd like to go while we're in London? Diagon Alley
is really something during the holidays. And of course there are plays
and the Snow Market and such. Lots to do before you have to go back to
the castle."

"I'm not going back to the lodge?" he asked, unduly surprised by that.
He didn't think the castle would be ready for residents so soon, but
more importantly he didn't think he was ready to return. Too much had
happened, and as hard as it was to be alone, it would be even harder to
return to the rough and tumble existence that defined his education.

"No, I'm afraid Master is staying in London and will be very busy. He
thought you'd prefer staying at Hogwarts than alone at the lodge. You're
security status has been lowered so you have all the liberties of the
other students. You can go outside and play quidditch and visit
Hogsmeade like everyone else. Do you think you might want to go out
before then?"

He shook his head and ate another spoonful of soup. She sighed, and let
him be for the rest of the evening. As empty as he felt during the day,
his head was too full at night, and he barely slept, haunted by images
of THAT day and those that followed all the way up until the funeral. In
the brief snatches of sleep he obtained, those memories were overlaid
with even more horrible images. Sirius and Remus buried beneath the
collapsing castle. Hermione falling from the roof. The funeral pyre
replaced with a stake, himself tied to it and the mourners all round
watching as Snape set it ablaze.

He woke violently, covered in sweat and freezing cold, yet it wasn't the
dreams that had woken him. It was a steady knock on the door. He sat up
and blearily put on his glasses. Through his window he could see dark
gray skies and a heavy rain.

"Enter."

Victoria came in carrying a breakfast tray. She hesitated when she saw
him, then quickly set down the tray on the writing desk so she could
check his temperature.

"Are you alright? You're freezing. Did you just leap in through the
window?"

Amazingly, the suggestion sparked a faint smile, but it died quickly.

"No, just didn't sleep well. Is that for me?" he asked, gesturing
towards the tray. She nodded.

"Yep, a nice big breakfast... well, I suppose it's lunch now. You have
that appointment at the Iron House at one and then we'll be traveling
most of the day and the weather is lousy, so you'll need your strength.
Why don't you go take a hot shower first? Housekeeping spelled the food
to stay warm."

"Okay."

"Would you like anything else?"

"Coffee?"

She grinned. "An excellent idea. I'll call them- oh, forget it, it's
faster to get it myself. Take your shower, and I be back by the time
you're done."

"Okay."

Alone again, he went through his travel case for a change of clothes,
intent on taking them into the bathroom with him so Victoria wouldn't
end up walking in on him while he was wrapped up in only a towel. As he
headed towards the bathroom, a rolled up newspaper squeezed between his
plate of macaroni and his glass of milk caught his attention. He felt a
tug of curiosity, wondering what had been written about the attack at
Hogwarts.

He unrolled it, and to his surprise the front page featured a picture of
Larousse's funeral. The image was grainy and out of focused, likely
taken from a distance. Another picture of Snape, Larousse, and himself
talking together on the field of the destroyed quidditch pitch featured
beside it.

The head line advertised 'Family-To-Be Mourns Heroine's Passing'.

Harry swallowed thickly and started to read.

---

When Victoria returned to the hotel room, she knew instantly that
something was wrong. Her wards were still intact, which meant no one had
gotten inside in her absence, but there was definitely an aura of
'wrongness'. Her wand remained tucked up her sleeve, but she kept her
wrist loose so a simple flick of the wrist would put it in her hands.

She went to Harry's room and put her ear to the door. She heard nothing,
not even the distant sound of his shower running. She knocked.

"Harry, you there?"

Nothing. She flung open the door, peeked inside, jumped back in case
anyone was waiting for her, then entered. She repeated this with the
bathroom door. A quick check of the room found Harry's cloak and shoes
missing and a newspaper scattered across the floor.

Harry was gone.

---

After a month of consistent and heavy snow, Harry found it unpleasantly
ironic that the weather would choose Christmas Eve to *rain*. At least
it gave him an excuse to keep his hood up and his head down. The streets
were full of holiday traffic, despite the freezing downpour, and he had
this irrational fear that at any moment someone was going to grab hold
of him and say 'I know you!'.

But no one grabbed him except an old beggar on the street, and there was
nothing akin to recognition in those milky eyes.

He wandered around for over three hours, not knowing what to do with
himself, ducking into shops for brief snatches of time to warm himself
up and cast a few more charms to dry out his clothes. He eventually
found himself in a large square a few blocks from the Wizengamot and the
Iron House, a giant fountain covered in beasts, magical and
magic-related, set in the middle and spitting out snow instead of water
from its founts. The square appeared to be a junction between several
places of interest, and it conveniently provided an information kiosk
with a map and directory of the entirety of wizarding London and even
those few muggle places it overlapped.

It took him fifteen minutes to find Grimmuald Place on the map.

It took another hour to actually get there.

Another seven minutes of walking back and forth between house twelve and
fourteen before he could actually see it. Half a second to get through
the door and out of the rain.

"Who are *YOU?!*"

Harry let out a squawk of surprise and nearly ran right back outside. He
found himself looking up at the portrait of a rather unpleasant woman,
who stared down at him like he were some sort of bug. He pulled back his
hood. Her eyes widened, and she looked even less pleased to see him.

"James Potter! What do you want? Isn't it bad enough you got my Sirius
thrown into Askaban? Come to steal the silverware, as well? Kreicher!
Kreicher come out at once!"

He blinked at her stupidly. There was a loud pop and an elderly house
elf appeared beside him. He looked as unhappy as the woman at his
appearance. He actually *hissed* at him.

Then the elf blinked, squinted, frowned.

"Tisn't Potter, my Lady. Too young."

The woman squinted as well. "He looks *just* like him though... same
stupid hair. Who are you boy? Talk quick or I'll have you locked in the
basement."

Good grief, was he in the right place? Surely, Sirius would have thought
to *warn* him about a crazy portrait and her nasty little helper.

"Um... Harry, I mean... Harold, Harold Rook of the Rook Family," he
said, and bowed politely.

"Rook, you say? I think I've heard of them... Scottish stock?"

"I... yes."

"Bah. Are you one of my sons' friends? They never did have any taste."

He felt a rush of annoyance. The look he gave her seemed to make her
hesitate, but she just sneered.

"What do you want then? No one is here, but if you think to steal
something-"

"Madam, I assure you, you own nothing I *want,*" he said stiffly. Beside
him, Kreicher hissed. He was very tempted to hiss right back. "I was
left something in the kitchen freezer. Once I have it, I'll leave
your..." he ran his eyes over the decaying structure, "... home and be
on my way."

She seemed to consider. Apparently, nastiness was like politeness to
her, because her smile turned strangely congenial.

"Kreicher, take this young gentleman to the kitchen."

"Yes, Mistress," he said, bobbing his head. He glared at Harry. "Come
on, then..." he said, and then started muttering. The house was...
nasty. There were cobwebs everywhere, an inch of dust covering
everything, and disturbing surprises around every turn. The row of elf
head wall mounts was just plain disgusting.

"Here you are, *sir*," the elf said, gesturing about what was either a
kitchen or potion's laboratory. Some searching and a few cleaning charms
revealed an ancient refrigerator, and when he opened the freezer, was
startled to find it still ran cold. There was a shoe box inside. Well, a
shoes box and a couple of frozen mice. He took out the box and set it on
the table, opening it. There wasn't much inside. Two thousand pounds in
muggle money, half that amount in sickles, a map of muggle London, a
little blue note book filled with names and information about them, and
a matching red book with a series of instructions and tips on escaping
to Europe and what to do when he go there.

He sat at the table (after clearing it of cobwebs and spiders, and
skimmed through the contents of the books. Halfway through, the red book
proved useless. The blue book was completely useless from the start. It
was outdated advice and instructions, made before he'd been targeted for
assassination. Getting out of Britain would be fairly easy... getting
around Europe wouldn't. Everyone Sirius had listed as people who might
help or look after Harry were linked to Dumbledore. He'd be dead almost
as soon as he stepped onto the continent.

"Shit," he muttered, and shrunk it all down and put it in his pocket.
He'd known he couldn't leave before, what did he think had changed?
Aside from the fact that he seemed destined to destroy anything
resembling a family?

Merlin, Larousse...

She wanted to be his mother. She was going to adopt him with *Snape*.
And as scary as that sounded, the fact that one was now dead and the
other probably despised him was far worse. All she had wanted to do was
be his mother, and he... she died because she thought of him as her son.

A sob threatened to choke the life out of him, so he swallowed it
repeatedly until it settled in his stomach like a rock. He couldn't do
this again. Couldn't fall apart and let the rest of the world handle it
again, because he knew now the world was unsympathetic. The Dursley's
had made his life miserable, torn apart any hope of belonging. He'd
started patching things together again after WYRA, but the stitches
weren't strong enough and were all coming undone. The friendships and
lives and family were all so vulnerable now.

Sirius and Remus were gone, and he might not see them again until after
graduation (or never if something happened). Snape would never forgive
him, and what would that mean for Draco and Hermione? Would they be
forced to stay away from him? Was that for the best considering the
violence that seemed to surround him? Voldemort was rarely around, and
how would he react when Harry voiced his reluctance to continue his
education in paganism? And Natalie...

He wasn't in love with her, he realized. He liked her. He thought she
was pretty and smart and daring, but he had barely thought about her at
all since they'd parted ways at the train station. He had just thought
about leaving the country and hadn't thought of her once. He really was
a selfish bastard. He was letting her risk her life and reputation for
him, and he didn't have anything to offer her except his friendship.

What was he going to do? He couldn't leave the country. He wasn't
suicidal and at the same time he had fallen in love with Britain and the
wizarding world.

Perhaps he could leave Hogwarts?

Yes, that's it. He could withdraw and go somewhere else, careful not to
let anyone else get too close. Maybe he could even home school...
assuming he could find a home. He wouldn't have to face Snape's hatred
and his friends would be safely out of his vicinity. If he could just
convince the Dark Lord... or do something to get himself expelled, he
could find a way to make it work. He'd miss the school and everyone
there, but they'd be safe.

The weight in his stomach eased and his head felt clear. Now that he had
a plan, something he could actually take charge of and do, things didn't
seem so hopeless. He was going to do the responsible thing by protecting
his loved ones, still remain loyal to his country, and complete his
education.

Now he just had to find his way back to Victoria and explain why he ran
off in the first place.

Ugh. He was going to be in so much trouble when Voldemortnd out about
this. Worse, Victoria might be in trouble too. Just another example of
how his selfishness got his friends in trouble.

He shrunk down his shoe box and placed it in his pocket, then made his
way out of the house. Kreicher followed him out, eyes glued to his every
move. He bowed to the woman in the portrait on his way out.

"Thank you. I bid you a pleasant evening," he said, though he wouldn't
have cared if she spontaneously caught fire. She sneered at him.

"Oh, yes. Looking at the door every second of every day is what I love
most-"

He shut the door before hearing the end of her rant. He was instantly
soaked. With a heavy sigh, he made his way back in the direction he'd
come from.

And immediately realized he was lost. Bother.

He tried casting a locating charm on Victoria, but he didn't know her
last name, and it failed. Voldemort, likewise, couldn't be located, but
Harry assumed that was because of anti-detection spells. He didn't know
the necessary incantation for actual places (sort of silly that he'd
know one type and not the other, now that he thought about it), and he
didn't think he knew anyone else in London. He couldn't keep wandering
the streets though. It was growing dark and the air was growing cold
enough to turn the rain to sleet, and if he was out and about after the
shops closed he'd be in real trouble.

He thought long and hard on it, first trying to remember how to get back
to the square with the kiosk, but only got more lost. He wandered past a
couple of banks and law firms, and it suddenly came to him.

Robert Reicher. The lawyer he'd met at his first adoption party, along
with his partner Kyle. He still had their card, and it showed they
worked out of London, somewhere on Taperty Street. He hoped that street
was nearby. He cast a location spell for 'Robert Reicher' and let out a
sigh of relief when his wand let out a strand of light, pointing him in
the right direction.

He actually passed Taperty Street after two blocks, but it *was*
Christmas Eve so he was likely at home. Another four blocks and the
shops gave way to townhouses and apartments, and Harry found himself in
front of a three story brick house, squashed between two similar houses
and a tiny yard with a rather lopsided snowman waving his stick hand at
passersby.

The light on the porch was lit.

He felt suddenly shy. What exactly was he interrupting? It was Christmas
Eve after all, so they were probably celebrating. They might even have
family over. And here he comes just barging in and mucking up their
plans. He should just go and see if he can find someone on the street
to-

The door opened in front of him.

"Hello, can I help you?" Robert Reicher asked, looking a bit dubious
from the doorway.

"Ah..." Well, he might as well just ask him for directions and then
leave him be. "I... I'm sorry to disturb you, but I'm afraid I've gotten
lost. You wouldn't happen to know where Walburton Square is?"

Robert blinked, then nodded. "Yes, I know where that is. Come inside,
it's freezing out there."

"Oh, thank you."

The inside of the house was much larger than the outside and blessedly
warm. There was a staircase leading upstairs in front of him, and a
hallway leading towards the kitchen beside that. To his left was a
dining room, and to his right a family room with a large Christmas tree
and a fire. Kyle Reicher came out of the kitchen, a little girl with
curly blond hair on his hip and another slightly older one following
behind.

"Who is it Robert?" he said, a bit cautiously. "You don't have to go to
the office, do you?"

"Nothing like that. Just a lost traveler."

Work avoided, Kyle looked considerably more pleased to have company.\
"Welcome to our home then. I'm Kyle, that's my husband Robert, and these
are our daughters Alyssa and Morgana."

Harry bowed to the little girls. "My Ladies."

Morgana, the one actually walking, giggled.

"Come to the kitchen and have some tea with us while Robert draws you a
map," Kyle offered.

"Thank you, but I wouldn't want to impose-"

"Don't worry about it," Robert said, wandering off towards the family
room. "It's Christmas. Good will to all men. Even those really
mysterious young men, who hide under their hoods."

"Oh... sorry about that."

With a bit of unease, he pulled back his hood. Robert was already out of
the room by the time he did it, but Kyle took one look at him and
recognized him immediately. In fact, so did little Morgana. They both
gapped at him, eyes wide. Morgana recovered first and let out a squeal
of delight.

"You're the prince! Daddy, it's Prince Harold! He's really here!"

Despite the lingering chill, Harry felt his cheeks burn. Kyle, likewise,
looked embarrassed. Robert returned to the hall in an instant.
Thankfully, he didn't gape.

"Harold?"

Harry smiled weakly. "Merry Christmas?"

"Papa, you really *do* know a real prince? You didn't just make it up?"
Morgana asked, tugging on Robert's hand to gain his attention. Robert
hesitated, looking uncertainly at his guest. Harry decided a little
goodwill on his part would be appropriate. He knelt down on one knee so
he was closer to her eye level, hoping he looked princely enough.

"Of course, Lady Morgana. I met your fathers when I was not much older
than you. They kindly offered their aid to me if I should ever require
it," he said. She grinned.

"Does that mean my daddies are knights?"

The males present all gave each other a questioning glance.

"Yes, they are my knights," Harry said, "But they are 'secret' knights,
so you must never tell anyone or my enemies would try to come after
them. Can you keep their secret, my Lady?"

She nodded vehemently.

"I will, I promise! Lyssa does too! Won't you, Lyssa?"

The little girl nodded with remarkable solemnity for a five year old.

"I thank you both. I am quite in your debt."

He climbed to his feet again, looking to the adults to make sure he
hadn't bungled anything, but they seemed more amused than anything. They
all went to the kitchen for coffee and cocoa. When they were done, Kyle
took the girls upstairs so that they could have a 'secret knightly
meeting'. Harry felt decidedly awkward. He hadn't wanted to drag them
into his problem, and thinking back on their last meeting and his rude
behavior, he had no right to expect it. It didn't help that Robert was
just studying him, not saying a word.

"They're very cute," Harry said, staring down at his mug. "I thought you
were looking for boys though?"

Robert's intent stare softened a bit.

"I was. Kyle didn't care whether it was a boy or girl though... He had
it right. It was six months after we met you that we found them. They
were standing together, just holding hands as tightly as they could and
not talking to anyone, as if they expected someone to just snatch them
away from each other. It broke my heart, because I knew that's exactly
what would happen. Nobody adopts two girls together. They'll take two
boys or a boy and a girl, but never two girls, even if they're sisters.
I think that was the first time I really *felt* for any of the children
I met. You were right to say I wasn't suited to adopt anyone. I'd been
thinking about it all wrong until that moment. I was just thinking of
how a child could benefit *me*, socially and in business, but then it
became all about how I could help *them*. So we adopted them both. Put
us in debt for the next five years, but it was worth it. *They are*
worth it. They've changed everything."

Harry smiled a bit, though it brought a swelling of sadness in his
heart, thinking of his own family and the family that almost was.

"But enough about me. What about you? How on earth did you end up at our
front door? Aren't you suppose to be surrounded by a squad of Guardians
at all times?"

He shook his head. "No, not now anyway. Moody and the other terrorists
are dead, so I'm safe for the time being. I was at a funeral yesterday,
and I was suppose to go back to Hogwarts today, but I went out for a
walk and got lost."

"And you got here purely by chance?"

"You're the only name I know in London. I don't know how to locate
places, just people."

"Ah, that explains it. I'm surprised you even remember us."

"Kyle gave me your business card..."

An irritated look crossed Robert's face. "I bet he did. He hands them
out like candy."

Kyle chose that moment to wander in. "It's called networking, Robby.
That's what a marketer does. The girls are in the bath, so we have about
fifteen minutes. So what brings you to our neck of the woods, Harold?"

He repeated the explanation he'd given Robert.

"Oh, yes, I read about the funeral in the paper. I'm sorry. It must have
been awful to lose ... her." Harry could hear 'your mother again' in the
awkward pause. He shook his head.

"I didn't even know she was going to adopt me until this morning. It was
bad enough before I knew. She always tried to be kind to me, but I still
ended up having fights with her."

Kyle put a comforting hand on his shoulder.

"I think we'd better let someone know where you are. I'm sure your
guardians are worried by now," Robert said, standing up from his chair.
"I'll fire call WYRA. They should be able to sort this all out and send
someone to get you back where you need to be."

He left Harry alone with Kyle, far more the sympathetic type despite how
two little girls may have softened him. There was an awkward moment of
silence, as Harry tried to grope for something to say that didn't
involve his latest catastrophe.

"So... Knight Kyle..."

The man grinned.

"Do you know it so much easier to get little girls to read when it's
interesting for them? And it's *interesting* to read about princes,
especially when you might actually meet them. Morgana is the only child
in her school who actually reads the newspaper."

Harry sighed. "Is that a good thing? I have to say I've never been
impressed with it."

"It seems to be impressed with you. You've been popping up in it fairly
often. I was right, by the way. Robert really did regret not snatching
you up."

"I think you both made out well with your daughters. I'd only have
brought you stress... and assassins... and werewolves... and the Dark
Lord, which isn't nearly fun as it sounds."

"You seem to have done well with yourself, though. Hogwarts is a very
prestigious school."

"... I'm going to transfer."

"Why? Did something... oh, your... teacher died there."

"That's not why I'm leaving. Well, not the only reason. There's a lot of
people I care about who are there. Some of them were nearly killed
because *I* was there. I've become a target, and a lot of the people
coming after me don't have very good aim. I'm not going to let anyone
get hurt just because they're near me when the next attack or accident
or political plot comes along. I've been selfishly risking their lives
for too long already."

Kyle stared at him, seemingly startled by what was being said. He'd
never seen or heard a boy Harry's age talk like this. In fact, he's
never seen anyone talk like this except in books and plays and radio
dramas. It was difficult for him to come up with a response to that.

"That's really... conceited."

Harry looked startled. "What? How is that conceited?!"

Slowly, Kyle's thoughts came together into something he hoped proved
both true and helpful. "I get where you're coming from. You don't want
other people caught up in your battles. I can understand that. Deciding
what battles are yours, that's up to you, but deciding other people's
battles for them is most definitely not. You talk about not wanting
others to get hurt, but what about you? There are others who don't want
*you* to get hurt. They don't want you fighting your battles alone. Do
you have any right to tell them what they can and cannot risk? If you
think you're a danger to your friends, then tell them so. Let them know
the risks so they can decide for themselves what to do."

Harry's expression tightened. "Even if it kills them? Like it did...
her."

"... As hard as this might for you to hear... yes. They have a right to
decide if your battle is *their* battle as well and you're not doing
anyone any favors by pushing them away. I can't help but think a lot of
people would be sad if you left them behind."

A lot of people? No, not... well.

Hermione would. His godfathers too, but they might be separated already.
Ginny. Clyde might, but he had lots of friends to fall back on. The
twins, perhaps. Natalie, definitely. Draco. Yeah. Colin Creevey would be
destitute without his favorite subject. Ron would hunt him down for
leaving him to take care of the rookies. Tom might already be missing
him, if he hadn't forgotten about him already. There were a couple of
other people, not real friends but friendly acquaintances, who he
thought might want him to stay for various reasons.

"I think you know what I'm talking about," Kyle said, smiling a bit. "So
before you go do anything drastic, *talk* to them."

Harry nodded, not entirely convinced. Was he being conceited? He just
wanted to protect his friends. Protect his school. But perhaps Kyle was
right about letting them make their own decisions. He should at least
give them the opportunity to walk away on their own. No hard feelings.

He didn't have long to think about it, because two little girls in
matching bathrobes and unicorn slippers came scuttling through the door,
followed by Robert.

"They're sending over someone now," Robert said. "It should only take a
half an hour or so."

"Will you tell us a story, please?" Morgana asked, eagerly. "A true
story?"

"A true story?" Harry asked.

"Yeah, an adventure story. Something that you did. Princes have lots of
adventures, don't they?"

Harry thought for a moment, and found a several adventure stories he
could use... with a little tweaking.

"Yes, that's very true. Princes have many adventures. Alright, I think I
know a story you might like."

"Lets go into the family room, then," Robert said, "The chairs are much
more comfortable."

So they all moved into the family room. The sky was dark and dreary
outside, but the family room was filled with warm light from the fire
and the Christmas tree. Harry took a seat in the middle of the couch,
the girls taking point on either side of him, while Robert and Kyle
settled themselves into their own chairs.

"Hhhmm, how shall I begin? 'Once upon a time, which was really just a
over a year ago, there stood... still stands... a great castle. The
largest and most beautiful castle in all the land, and all the people
who saw it, noble and peasant alike, wished to go and live there, but
only a very few were allowed."

"Is it Hogwarts?" Morgana asked.

"Yes, it is. I've gone there for two and half years and still haven't
seen all there is to it. *But* there was a dangerous secret. Deep
beneath the castle, below the dungeons, below the moat, below the very
lake, there slept a dragon..."

---

"... and with the aide of the Black Knight, they returned the fair
maiden to her family and peace settled over the castle once again. The
End."

The little girls were both looking at him as if he'd sprouted another
head.

"What? It really did happen," Harry insisted.

"No way!" Alyssa exclaimed, the only thing she'd said all evening. "Did
you really?!"

"I did, really... more or less."

"That is so cool! Do you still have the magic sword?"

"Yes, but it's back at the castle." And now that he thought about it,
under a lot of rubble. Would the GGs find it? Wonder how Lestrange was
going to explain *that*.

"What about the maiden? Are you going to marry her?"

"Nope, we're just good friends."

"Is the Black Knight your 'secret' knight too?"

"Well, technically he's the King's 'secret' knight... which means you
can't tell *anyone* about him, just like your fathers. Promise?"

"Promise!" they said in unison. Morgana turned to her two very amused
fathers. "And you have to promise too!"

"Of course, we promise," Robert said, Kyle nodding in agreement. There
was a knock at the door, and Robert stood to answer it.

"It must be Wyra. You girls better say your goodbyes." There was a
collective whine, but it was easily ignored.

"Will you come back again? Please, please, please!" Morgana begged,
tightening her hold on his arm, as if threatening not to let go if he
didn't answer correctly.

"Yeah!" Alyssa agreed, "Please, please, please?!"Harry thought he'd like
to agree, but couldn't see it happening any time soon. He tried to
placate them anyway.

"Of course. How could I turn away from my brave knights and beautiful
ladies?"

The girls wrapped their soft little arms around him, squeezing as
tightly as they could. He hugged them back, a painful pressure building
inside him again.

'I could have had this,' he thought. 'If Larousse had lived and had
children, I could have had a brother or sister like this.' And as if the
universe was playing a cosmic joke on him, Snape walked into the family
room behind Robert. Harry could only stare, the potion's master standing
like the grim specter of Christmas future.

"Potter," he greeted without inflection.

"...Professor,"Harry greeted dubiously back. One look at Snape, and the
girls had quickly run over to Kyle, as if sensing their prince might not
be enough against this new threat. Harry stood, and bowed to the
Reichers. "Thank you for your hospitality. You've been very kind."

"We were all glad to have you. You have a Merry Christmas," Kyle said.
"And good luck."

"Thank you."

Snape stalked out of the house, and Harry hurried to keep up, scurrying
to put on his cloak as Robert handed it to him at the door. Dread fell
over him like the heavy rain, weighing him down and stealing his
strength. He couldn't face Snape yet. He was almost as afraid of what
the man would *do* as what he would *say*. The moment they stepped out
of the Reicher's front yard and onto the walk, Snape tossed something at
him and he caught it on instinct. There was a violent sucking sensation,
but almost as soon as it had started it reversed itself, and Harry found
himself pitched into a pile of slush.

---

Snape checked the street for observers, then touched the empty can he
had converted into a portkey. An unpleasant sensation later and he
landed a bit awkwardly on the road outside Hogsmeade. In the distance he
could see Hogwart's lights shining up the road. Potter had fallen and
was still trying to orient himself, so the he jerked the boy up onto his
feet.

"It's too cold for you to be playing in the snow, Potter," he muttered,
dragging him towards a Hogwarts' carriage and pushed him inside. The boy
clawed his way inside and into a seat. He pressed himself against the
far corner as if he was expecting some sort of attack. Instead, Snape
the carriage door shut and knocked on the roof. The carriage lurched
forward. "Would you care to explain yourself *before* I decide on a
suitable punishment?"

The boy's wide eyes quickly found the floor. "I got lost."

"... Don't play stupid, Potter, however naturally it may come to you.
You didn't get lost from your hotel room. You ran away. You've ruined
several people's day off trying to look for you, including my own. What
were you hoping this stunt would accomplish?"

The Gryffindor was curling in on himself with every irritated barb, and
rather than satisfy Snape it only served to irritate him. He had a very
bad day, wandering London in search of Harry, who still happened to be
under the effects of an anti-locater charm, in the rain and sleet with
far too many last-minute shoppers congesting the streets. The truly sad
part was that he was grateful. His alternative was to listen to all of
Vesper's friends and colleagues get all weepy and tell the same overly
sentimental stories at his hotel. That didn't mean he wasn't going to
let the inconsiderate little brat have it.

"Nothing to say? Well, I hope you're satisfied with the attention you've
earned, because when we get back to the castle you'll be spending it in
my potion's lab cleaning cauldrons. Merlin, I have half a mind to give
you your thirty strokes. The extra ten for running back to the castle
and then another ten for running around London unsupervised and missing
your appointment at the Iron House."

At this point, Potter was practically curled up into a ball.

"Bloody hell," Snape muttered, running a hand through his hair in
frustration. He really didn't want to deal with this. He wanted to find
a pub somewhere and get drunk. Or go to his room and get drunk, which
had less risk of his falling unconscious in a ditch.

The carriage pulled up to the castle, and he dragged Potter inside and
down into the dungeons. With the arm in his hand, he could feel the
series of fine tremors running through the boy's body. Was it cold or
fear? Either would be suitable given the situation.

They entered his private rooms, and he shoved his charge into the
bathroom. "Shower," he snapped, then shut the door. Potter's belongings
were gathered at the entry way of his rooms, per his instructions, and
he shuffled through his trunk shamelessly, until he found a suitable
change of clothes. Setting them by the door, he could hear the shower
running. "Your clothes are by the door."

He went to his kitchen, rummaged through the cupboards and found some
bread and sausage. That, at least, he could make edible. He took two
plates and cut pieces of bread and meat for himself and Potter, then
made some tea. By the time he was done with that, Potter had emerged
from his shower and stood just outside the kitchen with his dirty
clothes under his arm and waiting for instructions.

"Leave it all in the bathroom. The house elves will get it. Then come
eat."

Potter did so, then sat across from him. Tentatively, he started to eat,
peeking at him often as if he expected him to take it away. Snape
ignored him in favor of finishing his own meal. It wasn't impressive and
certainly the house elves would have gladly given him something more
satisfying, but he didn't want to deal with their mothering him or
Potter, which they would if they saw either of them in their current
state. When they were finished, he ordered Potter to wash the dishes and
put them away, which he did with the same annoying compliance. Merlin, a
cowed Gryffindor was a fine thing, but the Dark Lord's protégé should
have a little more spine.

Perhaps he really thought he was going to give him thirty strikes?
Technically, he'd earned them. He'd gone off and risked himself twice in
the last week and he wasn't one to shirk his responsibilities as a
disciplinarian, but...

He'd seen Potter cry already, heavy, quiet tears as the medi-wizards
carried Vesper's body away. He didn't think he could stand seeing them
again so soon, not even if the pain was only physical. Besides, he
didn't want to deal with a sulky Gryffindor for another week. He still
needed to know why he'd run away though.

"You're staying down here for the rest of the holidays," he said. The
boy paused, the plate in his hand dripping into the sink. Then he just
nodded, and mumbled 'yes, sir'. Ugh. He *wasn't* going to deal with a
sulky Gryffindor. Whatever had him acting like a thoroughly beaten
puppy, Snape was quite determined he get over it very quickly. Even if
he had to go to drastic measures to achieve that.

He went to his liquor cabinet and pulled out a bottle of brandy, and
then to another cupboard and took two glasses. His guest watched him
cautiously.

"Sit down, Potter."

He poured them both a drink, and took the first sip himself. His
underage friend didn't look as eager to begin.

"Try it."

Reluctantly, the boy did and, predictably, grimaced. Snape didn't hide
his smirk.

"You get used to it. Sip it slowly. Hopefully, it will get you relaxed
enough that you might avoid shrinking into nonexistence when I ask you
again why you ran away."

"I-"

"Finish your drink first, and consider yourself lucky I don't just use
verisaterum."

Snape simply watched intently as Potter took another sip, avoiding eye
contact. By the third sip he had stopped grimacing. He had almost drank
it all when he finally had enough to break the silence.

"I don't know why you didn't just give me a calming drought..." the boy
finally said. Snape smirked.

"A calming drought would make you calm. It would also make it easier for
you to lie with a clear head. Brandy has the benefit of keeping you
calm, and hopefully too stupid to lie. Judging by your sudden ability
criticize, I'd say it was working. One more glass, I think."

He took Potter's almost empty glass and refilled it half way. It was
received with little enthusiasm, but he took another mouthful. Snape
wasn't the least bit surprised when the already partially drunk child
started talking some more.

"Is it true?"

Snape lifted a brow. "Yes, you really do dress like a hooligan. Unless
you're referring to some other completely random subject?"

Potter actually had enough liquid courage to scowl at him, which was
actually pretty damn funny. If only McGonagal could see her little
golden boy now.

"Was she going to adopt me?"

Oh-ho. So he'd seen that article in the paper. Who ever had leaked it
was likely roasting over a spit somewhere... or receiving a rather hefty
sum from the Dark Lord's 'Dubious Activities Fund' which was made up of
fifteen percent of Britain's tax revenue. It didn't include the 'Take
Over the World Fund' which constituted twenty-five percent of the
publicly extorted national wealth all on its own.

... And he should probably hold off the second glass himself or he'd end
up rambling about random subjects in his head, prompted by Potter's
completely ambiguous statements.

"She was going to try. The Dark Lord didn't tell you that she'd asked?"

"No... would she have succeeded?"

"Would you have let her?"

That earned him another funny scowl. Or was it a grimace?

"Would you?"

Touché. Answering that question would lead to other questions he wasn't
going to answer without at least another two glasses.

"So you ran away because you learned she was going to adopt you? So
what? It's not like she could do it *now*."

Potter looked at him then, looking perplexed, which wasn't quite as
funny as the glare but still pretty close.

"I got your wife killed. Aren't you mad at me?"

Snape let out a rather annoyed snort. Was that what all this was about?
He supposed he could be flattered that his opinion meant so much to
someone that they ran away rather than face his verbal persecution. Or
maybe physical persecution since he did still have that cane. Either
way, it was an appropriately juvenile response. I'm scared, so I'll run
away.

If only the other Gryffindors were half as smart.

"No. It doesn't really matter. It was a battle. She was a casualty.
Victim of friendly fire. Died in the line of a duty she had accepted
without enlistment. If I felt the need to take revenge for every mistake
on the battlefield, I'd have had to kill half the Death Eaters I know,
including my godchildren's father."

Now that he thought about it, Lucius still owed him twenty galleons for
that time he'd knocked him off his broom in the middle of a fight with
some aurors and sent him to St. Mungo's.

"This is the price of war. And we are at war, you know?"

"We are?"

So naive.

"Yes. This sort of thing happens all the time. The war never really
ended. It just got quieter. Now rather than open warfare we get these
random attacks by disgruntled soldiers and widows and orphans. It
doesn't have anything to do with you. It's just the times we live in."

There was a long silence, both lost in thought of his revelation. Snape
hadn't really thought about it before, but what he said was true. All
these attacks were carried over from a war that was supposedly over more
than ten years ago. Hardly a month went by without the newspaper listing
some conspirator trying to kill a former Death Eater, handing out
anti-government propaganda, blowing up some building, or instigating a
riot. Even the Death Eaters and Purebloods caused their own political
strife, acting like spoiled children when the Dark Lord didn't hand over
the country like some shiny toy they'd whined for. It would probably
continue to be that way until everyone who remembered Voldemort's rise
to power was dead and buried.

"Will it ever stop?" Potter asked, his green eyes shiny with liquor. *Or
were those tears? Don't you dare cry. If you cry I won't have any reason
not to beat you.*

"Maybe you'll live to see the end of it. I doubt I ever will."

"... Do you think I'm dangerous?"

Snape couldn't hold back the bark of laughter at that. Technically,
Harry had proven to be quite dangerous when pushed, but right now he was
just a boozy thirteen-year-old with bad eye-sight. The scowl he got just
made him laugh harder.

"I don't mean *me!*" the boy protested. "I mean because Dumbledore wants
to kill me... and maybe the headmistress. Is everyone I know gonna end
up a casualty, like Professor Larousse?"

Alright, that was a bit more sobering. Especially given his godchildren
were close to him, and his concern was legitimate. Hell, in terms of
physical proximity *he* was close to him.

"You're safe from Dumbledore. The Dark Lord is right. He won't try to
kill you again any time soon. And if you're worried about the
headmistress you're more than welcome to join my plot to overthrow her.
Anyone else who shows up will be dealt with. Don't concern yourself with
things you can't control."

"I can leave."

"No you can't."

"Why can't I?"

"Bad press."

"Shit."

Snape smirked at that. "Liar. You don't want to leave. You like it
here."

"I don't want anyone to get hurt because of me."

"Maybe you'll luck out from now on. Of course, you'll have to quit
Dueling Club with that particular philosophy. It's counter productive in
that sort of sport."

The conversation was about as productive as it was going to get, so
Snape decided to end it before they started repeating themselves or
getting pointlessly sentimental. He set the small glasses in the sink
and got Harry a tall glass of water.

"Drink this or you'll get a hangover, and I'd rather you didn't vomit in
the cauldrons you will be cleaning this evening. Or did you think your
teen angst got you out of trouble?"

For someone who was about to be punished in the most tedious of manners,
Potter looked surprisingly grateful as he accepted the water. Snape
dismissed it as thankfulness that he had gotten off easy, and made a
mental list of chores he'd have the foolish boy complete to thoroughly
erase the notion from his empty head.

