# Poison

Sunday morning found most of the Hogwarts' students huddled over copies of
Wizard Weekly's front page, looking for answers and the names of people they
knew. Harry had tried and failed to resist the temptation, and retreated into
one of the deserted hallways with Ginny and Clyde to read aloud.

"... Thanks to the quick action of Hogwart's students, only a Sentinal
guarding the stairwell of the platform was killed by the explosion. Despite
the misfortune of such an attack occurring at a school event, Great Britain
should feel proud of its young people. They showed great bravery and poise
blah, blah, blah Britain's number one and everyone else sucks."

"Harry!" Clyde laughed.

"I think we can all do without the ego stroking right now. I just wanted to
make sure Draco was okay and see if they have any leads."

"They said it was Moody just like Ron did."

Harry shrugged.

"I'd rather ask Hermione and Draco myself. They're better at telling when the
paper is just throwing out ideas and when they've got something to back it
up."

"You're just grouchy because they canceled quidditch," Ginny said knowingly.
"We should see if McGonagall knows when they'll be back."

They did as she suggested, but it turned out to be unnecessary. Hermione was
just stepping out of the Head of Gryffindor's office when they arrived. She
gave each of them a warm hug, even Clyde who looked rather embarrassed.

"How is Draco?" Harry was the first to ask.

"A bit shaken, but perfectly alright. He was quite thoroughly irritated that
he didn't catch the snitch *before* he was nearly killed. Boys! Honestly!"

Even Clyde found that pretty funny, and they laughed as they headed towards
the library.

"Seriously though, it was a close call. If Ron hadn't..."

She sighed.

"I've been giving him grief all year and now he turns around and saves my
brother's life. I've been a real snob to him, and I didn't realize how much of
one until yesterday. I'm definitely going to have to apologize to him."

Harry grimaced at the thought. True, he and Ron weren't fighting anymore and
had fallen into a tense sort of neutrality, but both knew the other was just
waiting for someone to falter, to push, and they would be back to warring as
if they'd never stopped. A subject change was in order.

"Did you learn anything about the attack?"

"Moody is still a strong suspect, but with all the parents coming in through
Hogsmeade, no one has been able to figure out who or how he disguised himself.
It would have to be difficult to cover up a lost leg and eye."

"I don't know," Harry said, "Muggles are pretty good at that. I've seen men
with these really neat metal legs that they can run and even jump in. If
they're wearing pants you can't really tell they're injured at all. And glass
eyes aren't uncommon. Surely magic can make better ones than those."

"Maybe..." Hermione conceded, her thoughts drifting off to new theories as
Harry presented her with a completely foreign idea. Wizards hiding amongst
muggles? What a fascinating concept!

The library was fuller than usual, but not enough to discourage them from
finding a table to themselves. They cast a silencing charm and checked for
ease-droppers, and continued.

"I was the trigger," Harry said immediately. His friends were, unsurprisingly,
startled. "The explosion was linked to my magical signature. It was suppose to
go off when I got close enough to the stands, but Draco was flying so close to
me he must have picked up enough of my residual magic to set it off himself.
That explosion was meant to kill both me and Voldemort."

Everyone was quiet for a long moment.

"Why you?" Ginny asked, almost in a whisper. Harry shrugged. He really didn't
know either.

"I think," Hermione began. "I don't think it was about killing Harry per se. I
mean, for the explosion to be set off without killing the culprit, he'd have
to... no, he could have used a timer. Setting it to a quidditch player's
magical signature was much riskier. You all fly around so quickly and randomly
he risked blowing himself up. But how do you know it was set to you, Harry? It
could just as easily have been set to Draco or one of the other players."

"I got called out and they tested me. They were certain my magic was the
trigger. But they didn't say why I was chosen. If he intended to use a
quidditch player to begin with, it might just have been bad luck."

Clyde shook his head.

"No way your luck is *that* bad. I bet Moody believes all that stuff in the
paper. You know, like you possibly being the Dark Lord's illegitimate son or
grandson or something. He probably wanted to kill off the man's entire line."

"That's just silly. What good will killing a kid do? It's not like he's listed
Harry as his heir or anything," Hermione said.

"Crazy person," Clyde pointed out. Hermione conceded that with a shrug.

"Do you think Harry's still in danger?" Ginny asked anxiously.

That was a rather good question, and no one seemed certain of the answer.

"Don't worry, Ginny. There are Sentinels crawling all over the place from
Hogsmeade all the way to the Great Hall. Plus Voldemort would be his main
target, and he's gone back to London. I'll be fine."

"That's right. And don't forget we've all got your back, Harry. Ain't no on
who'll sneak up on you while we're around, right?"

Harry smiled.

"Thanks, Clyde. I appreciate that."

"Welcome, mate. That's what friends are for. Although that reminds me. Where
are Cypher and Malfoy? Shouldn't they be hearing this too?"

Hermione sighed.

"Can't be helped. Draco was talking with Ron last I check and Natalie decided
to stick around to watch for potential bloodshed. I think she'll be
disappointed. They both looked pretty mellow."

"Do you think they're making up?" Ginny asked hopefully.

"It'd be the gentlemanly thing to do. Ron did save Draco's life after all.
Draco might even owe him a life debt."

A pang of guilt hit Harry. It should have been *him* who saved the boy. He was
the Slytherin's friend and would have been happy to help him without calling
on any compensation for it. Instead, he'd frozen like an utter fool and nearly
allowed his best friend's brother to die. He might even have been responsible
for it.

"Harry, stop thinking morbidly," Hermione said, rolling her eyes. "You look
utterly silly when you mope."

"I was not moping."

"Fine, festering in internal torment then. Just stop. It's not like any of
this is your fault. You didn't set up that explosion. You didn't hurt my
brother. So stop feeling bad about it. Look on the bright side. Perhaps you
can use this opportunity to try and get along better with Ron. He is the
captain of the Junior Dueling Club, and you're probably his best duelist. It
wouldn't hurt to be on better terms."

That sounded about as much fun as testing potions in Snape's class. He forced
a smile anyway.

"Sure. I can try."

---
---

Harry had plenty of time to practice his diplomacy skills on Ron in the
following weeks. Without quidditch practice eating up so much of his free
time, he found himself filling it studying and practicing for Dueling Club.
Professor Larousse had offered her time to supervise practice duels on Mondays
and Tuesdays, which is exactly how Harry enjoyed spending his afternoons. The
young Gryffindor did not really consider himself much of a scholar, but he
loved the practice of magic itself. The entire art of dueling held many
elements that he enjoyed; competition, challenge, unpredictability.

However the duel turned out, long, short, victorious or defeated, Harry felt
energized at its conclusion and eager to try again. During the spare time
between matches, he drew sketches, working on his technique for action rather
than the still lives he was used to. Some of the better ones had been framed
and placed in the new display cases, filling the spaces where their trophies
would go once they began completing with other schools.

The Weasley twins were happy to lend themselves to him for private tutorials,
as well. Their spell repertoire was second to none amongst the student body,
and their ingenuity was geared toward offensive and defensive reasoning to
begin with. Hermione had accompanied Harry on one of his tutorials, but she
was too focused on the mechanics of their techniques to really understand the
art of them and was mentally overwhelmed within minutes. Harry on the other
hand had the problem in reverse. He fell into the art of it, their speed,
their ingenuity, their mind games, but lacked the knowledge of their specific
techniques. Unlike Hermione, however, this didn't intimidate Harry, but merely
motivated him to finding the answers.

"Oh, Lord of Chaos, exploder of things and maker of mayhem" Fred gushed after
one session that had Harry on his back, "You make us so happy. If I could feel
my arms I'd hug you."

Fourteen spells that could keep that from ever happening immediately popped
into the younger boy's head. Not that he wasn't grateful. Thursday club
meetings held little practice value for Harry, who was still overseeing the
rookies, and the only ones who held a real challenge for him in the junior
division, Draco and Ron, never attended Larousse's practices. Harry suspected
Snape was tutoring both of them in private, but couldn't muster the energy to
be resentful. He didn't fancy anymore time with Snape after last summer
anyway.

He did, however, miss Draco. The Malfoy heir wasn't around as much, having
found Ron's company somehow more agreeable this year than last and Harry
finding the exact opposite. They sat together during classes, smirking and
joking to each other whenever the teachers' backs were turned, and pranked the
younger students in the halls and meal times. Whenever the Slytherin Weasley
caught Harry watching them, his obnoxious little smirk would get just a little
bit smugger.

It might have been a bit petty, but Harry was really starting to wish Ron's
wand would blow up in his face. Yes, he had plenty of opportunity to practice
diplomacy, but he didn't. Perhaps he couldn't. The only tried and true
technique for keeping peace between them was avoidance.

Even when they were standing right next to each other.

"Allbright is still struggling on shields. How can we get an endorsement when
our duelists can't make a simple blocking charm?" Ron growled, starring
directly at the struggling first year.

"You're asking too much. He's only had a wand for two months, of course he's
struggling. He knows the spell, just give him a bit longer to control his
magical output."

"We don't have that time. The representative from the dueling league will be
here in two weeks."

"They're not expecting miracles," Harry said, impatience quickly descending.
He didn't know why Ron was scolding *him* for this. He wasn't the *captain*.
He wasn't even the vice captain, despite Ron's insistence that he was going to
pick *someone* before the end of the month. Harry didn't get his hopes up that
it would be him, even though everyone said he was perfect for the position.
Draco Malfoy was a fine duelist himself, and if he wasn't exactly the sort of
leader the other club members were hoping for, he certainly worked with the
captain a lot better than he did.

"This is Hogwarts, they damn well better be expecting miracles."

The red head stalked off, snapping something at Hermione about being more
aggressive with her hexes. Harry glared at the boy's back, but catching Snape
in the corner of his vision, he headed over to assist the rookies. Allbright
saw him coming, and looked pointedly at his shoes, fully prepared to be
reprimanded for his shields that kept failing.

Harry just patted him on the shoulder. Allbright was the only first year
Hufflepuff in Dueling Club, and the Gryffindor thought him very brave for
staying after what must have seemed like failure after failure.

"First years over here," Harry called, "The rest of you can keep practicing
your shields or go over to practice your aim with the others."

They all moved quickly and without question to do as he said. After two
months, he had finally started getting used to that.

"Alright everyone, I've noticed you've been having trouble using the proper
amount of magic in your spells."

"You mean *Allbright *is having trouble," grumbled a Ravenclaw girl, causing
the boy to flinch.

"No, you've been doing it too."

She looked startled, then embarrassed, then predictably angry.

"I have not!"

"You're over exerting yourself on your offensive spells. How many Disarming
Spells can you get out before you're exhausted? Three? Four tops. You should
be able to get out a dozen before you even feel the strain."

She couldn't refute it. Hadn't even realized she was doing anything wrong in
fact. She just assumed she needed to work on her stamina. Seeing she was
suitably chastised, Harry continued.

"We are going to practice a very simple exercise that will help you learn to
control your body's release of magic. You are all familiar with a Lumos
charm?"

They nodded, it was one of the very first spells they learned in charms class.

"I want you to cast the spell, and then I want you to practice controlling how
bright the light is. Stay aware of how the magic flows out of your body and
how it affects the spell. I want you to practice this in and out of practices.
It's perfectly safe and you'll find it helpful in your other classes as well
as in duels. Any questions?"

Allbright raised his hand.

"If we can't do it... um... are we going to get kicked out?"

"Of course not. But don't worry about not being able to do it, until you've
tried first. Go and-"

"HA! HA! HA! *HA!*"

All eyes turned towards the other side of the dueling hall and the source of
the scornful laugh. Hermione stood, arms crossed, and sneering haughtily at an
infuriated red head. Apparently, Ron had done or said something that had made
the girl forget completely about her attempt to be nicer to him, and reminded
her just why she had hated him in the first place.

"As if you're captain for any other reason than because you're Slytherin.
Harry is twice the leader you are and a better duelist too!"

"As if! I could beat that little goody-goody any time, any where. I've done it
before!"

"No you didn't! You dropped your wand and fought like an over grown monkey,
not a wizard!"

There was a scattering of snickers. Ron's face darked in anger.

"You think I can't do it? Are you really so sure? Care to make a wager on it?"

Hermione hesitate.

"What's the matter? Don't you believe what you're saying? Or are you really
just full of it? The Great Hermione Granger of Malfoy, just another spoiled
little girl hiding behind her money and family name. Well?"

"He could beat a horrid little toad like you in a heartbeat!"

"How much you willing to wager on that?"

"Gambling isn't-"

"Of course, I'd never suggest anything as- what's Draco's term for it?-
'plebeian' as money. Let say we make it more interesting? If Potter can beat
me I'll acknowledge it and give him vice captaincy, but if *I* win, you have
to go to the winter formal with me as my date."

For once in her life, Hermione looked completely without words. She just kept
staring at Ron with a mixture of disbelief, horror, and embarrassment.

"I... um..."

"Well, if you think you'll *lose*, you could always just admit right here and
now that you were just full of hot air, and Potter really isn't a better
duelist than me. Don't worry, I'm sure everyone will understand. It was just a
moment of female hysterics. It happens to woman all the time, I hear."

"Ron, you're such a pig. I can't wait to see Harry turn you into one!"

"I take it we have a deal then?"

"Fine!"

"Fine!"

---
---

"Harry, I'm really, *really* sorry," Hermione said, pursuing her friend as he
stalked down the corridors towards the common room. "I don't know what came
over me!"

Harry stopped abruptly, turned to tell her exactly what came over her, then
thought better of it and continued on towards his destination. He was madder
than he had ever been at his best friend. After months of relative peace,
Hermione had shot it all to hell in less than five minutes. She'd started a
fight and dragged him in to it, not thinking of the consequences. And there
were consequences.

He couldn't turn down the challenge without being seen as a coward by friend
and foe alike, and any respect the rookies gave him would likely go up in
smoke. The humiliation of conceding would be worse than defeat or victory. If
he lost, Ron would never let him live it down. If he won, Ron would never
forgive him, and he'd have Harry as a direct subordinate to take his revenge
on. The club members would become confused on who was in charge. He didn't
like the Slytherin, but he certainly didn't want a mutiny. Snape would kill
him.

Snape might kill him anyway. It was clear to everyone who had seen his and
Ron's first duel that their club supervisor had been keeping them from dueling
each other since then and showed no signs of ever letting them face each other
again. Snape certainly hadn't been happy about the wager being made in the
middle of club practices, but he hadn't interfered. It wasn't his habit to
interfere with student intrigue unless some school rule was broken and,
technically, none had.

"Hermione, just... I understand losing your temper," he said, still not
looking back at her, "But I really don't appreciate you backing me into a
corner here."

"I know, I know. It was unfair of me to volunteer you without asking,
especially about this. God, I'm such a hypocrite. All this time I was telling
you to get along better with Ron and that you should avoid risky situations
and here I go sending you into a fight with Ron, the one guy who might really
be your match on the platform. I'm *so sorry!*"

Harry sighed.

"I know. It's fine. It was probably going to happen eventually anyway. At
least now I have some forewarning."

"I'll help in any way I can."

"Well, do you think..." he paused, and looked up and down the corridor. It was
almost deserted excepted for man in a green hard hat. The engineers Voldemort
had warned them about had arrived at last, and were making themselves known by
their hard hats, security badges, and their ability to show up everywhere and
anywhere without warning, tape measures and schematics in hand. Everyone had
started referring to them as 'the Green Ghosts' or 'GG's. They never talked to
the students and their sole interest seem to lay in the stones of Hogwarts,
but Harry was a bit paranoid about *anyone* eavesdropping. He pulled Hermione
a little further up the corridor.

"Do you think you could keep this out of the paper?"

She looked doubtful.

"Yeah, I guess not. Do you think you might get a reporter who isn't going to
turn this into some sort of 'fight to the death' story?"

"I think I can do that. There's a Ravenclaw girl who I think has a pretty good
head on her shoulders, but the decision is really up to McGunny. I can't do it
because I'm already involved. This is so embarrassing. I hope they don't print
that."

Harry couldn't help but smirk at that. It would certainly serve her right.

---
---

"I really don't know what she was thinking," Snape grumbled as Larousse poured
him his tea. The staff room was currently overrun by the engineers who, being
the opportunistic bastards they were, had decided it was easier to 'share'
with the teachers than set a break room for themselves in the hundred or so
unused spaces. This had lead to the acquisition of one of the towers for his
own personal use. He hadn't told anyone else about it, and so far only Vesper
had caught on, and he suppose she was plenty.

The tea set was hers. The tea was his. They were quite complete without the
twenty or so other people rampaging about with their clumsiness, their bad
jokes, their complaints, or their god awful coffee.

"You can insult a girl's honor as easily as a boy's, Severus," she offered,
taking a seat across the little round table from him. "No doubt she was very
flustered. Cream? Sugar?"

"A little cream, thank you. Then why drag Potter into it? I've been very
careful about keeping those two from each other. Do you know anything about
their last duel?"

"I've only heard a few rumors, and mostly how it ended. However, if Harry's
current skill level is any indication, they both must be quite gifted for
their ages to have lasted so long. I am quite interested to see it for
myself."

"No doubt it will be *fascinating*, but it's also problematic. An open feud
between Slytherin and Voldemort's favored? I could ring my goddaughter's neck
right now."

He took a sip of his tea and leaned back in his chair, trying to clear his
head. This was hardly a crisis situation, he reminded himself. Pride was at
risk, not lives. He would be there to make sure things didn't get out of hand,
and Vesper would be there to back him up.

It was strange to trust someone after so long, especially a woman, not just
for her support but for her competence in supporting him. The last woman he
had truly trusted had been Lily Evans, and that had ended badly. Vesper was no
Lily though. That was probably for the best. She was not as naive, not as
idealistic as his childhood love, and she understood loss and sacrifice just
as much as he did and was stronger for it. She had unnerved him at first with
her straight forward approach, but he was starting to warm up to her. He
already respected her.

In the warm sunshine of the tower, sitting as poised and elegant as the
porcelain tea cup in her hand, he could even admit he found her attractive.

"She's a smart girl. No doubt she is regretting her hasty words already.
Perhaps some good might come of this. Do you suppose Harry would make a good
vice-captain?"

"Certainly. Weasley is good at pulling the others after him, and Harry pushes
from behind. They would make a great team if they could look at each other
without bursting a blood vessel."

She smiled at that.

"Do you suppose Ms. Granger and Mr. Weasley would make a good couple?"

Snape choked on his tea, and she laughed at him.

"Woman, what are you thinking?!"

"I think they like each other already."

"You're mad. Hermione hates that boy more than even Potter does."

"She doesn't hate him. He just frustrates her, and she him. Have you ever
noticed them watching each other? I've seen them do it during meal times.
They're always curious about what the other is doing or saying. They seek out
each other's company just to fight. It's really cute."

Snape made a face that stated clearly that he didn't agree.

"A cobra and a mongoose would get along better."

"At least you don't have to worry about her virtue then, or about rumors that
she's secretly Harry's girlfriend. I know her father is looking into potential
betrothals and that sort of thing could be disastrous for her."

Clearly, Vesper was better at optimism than he was, for she did make some very
good points. He raised his cup to her.

"Perhaps you are right. There's no stopping it at this point in any event."

They spent the rest of their break in silence, enjoying their tea and their
quiet company.

---
---

By that Friday night, the entire school knew about Harry's duel with Ron,
scheduled for that Monday. By Sunday night, Harry just wished it was over and
done with. He hadn't bothered studying a lot so close to the day of the duel,
knowing any attempt to integrate a new technique so soon would hinder more
than help his cause, and the extent of his preparations were a few brief
practices with the Weasley twins to keep him mentally prepared without
exhausting his magic and double checking his equipment.

He would have been perfectly satisfied with that and spent the rest of his
weekend on assignments and hanging out with his friends, but it seemed
everyone else was bent on 'helping'. Every one seemed to have some sort of
advice or secret spell they felt would ensure his victory. Finnegan had
insisted aiming for the knees was perfectly legal (it wasn't) and impossible
to block (it was). Hermione informed him Ron dueled like a chess player,
thinking at least three moves in advance but was easily frustrated when the
set up failed (true, but not really helpful to Harry who improvised rather
than planned). Diggory said Ron didn't have as much endurance as Harry, so he
should focus on that. Harper, his arithmancy partner, pointed out that just
left him vulnerable until the Slytherin boy was tired.

To make matters worse, the paper hadn't assigned the girl Hermione had
suggested, but a rather vampirish looking boy called Hadrian Greystoke, who
stalked him relentlessly, asking questions and taking notes on every little
thing he did.

"Mr. Potter, do you feel training with older students gives you an unfair
advantage?"

"Mr. Potter, I see you have specialized body armor. Did you purchase them
yourself or were they a gift?"

"Mr. Potter, what made you decide to challenge your club's captain? There are
rumors that he insulted Ms. Granger, and you rose up to defend her honor. Is
it true? Or do you believe him incompetent? "

"Mr. Potter... Mr. Potter... Mr. Potter..."

More than ever, Harry wished he could have gone outside. It was unusually cold
for November and a heavy snow had been falling all weekend, leaving the
outdoors pristine and empty and an excellent place for him to escape for a few
hours. If he wore his Baluvian cloak, anyone following him would have lost
track of him within minutes.

His professors had been insistent, however. No outdoors. No escape.

"You alright, Harry?" Clyde ask at Sunday dinner, peering at his rather glum
looking friend. "You're not getting sick are you? That'd be lousy luck the day
before the fight."

"Duel," Harry corrected. "It's not a fight. It's a duel. A game. No big
freak'n deal everyone is making it."

"Yeesh, sorry I cared."

Harry sighed.

"Look, I'm sorry. I'm just sick of this thing and it hasn't even started yet."

"It's fine, man. I get it. I won't mention it again."

"Thanks."

He reached for his glass, hoping everyone else around him would have heard
them and just let him have his dinner in peace. The glass disappeared the
moment his fingers brushed it.

"Hey!"

"What is it Harry?" Hermione asked.

"My glass disappeared. What gives?"

"That's odd. Was it empty?"

Harry tried to think on it, but honestly couldn't remember. His cup
reappeared, full of pumpkin juice, and decided it must have been. House elves
were known refill cups like that, although they were usually more subtle. He
took a drink, choked, and spit it back out.

"That isn't funny!" Harry yelled at the Weasley twins, two just looked at him
with innocent confusion.

"What did they do?" Clyde asked.

"They switched my drinks. Tasted like swamp slime and vinegar."

Hermione grimaced.

"Lovely."

"Ugh, I'm going back to the common room. I'm not going to be able to eat
anything until I get this taste out of my mouth."

"Alright, Harry, we'll save you a potato."

"Thanks."

Once Harry had disappeared, Clyde look disapprovingly at his uncles, who were
still acting innocent and went back to talking with Angelina.

"We should turn them in you know. They get away with this stuff so often they
don't think they can get caught."

"Too late," Finnegan said, pointing to the cup which slowly emptied itself of
contents before their very eyes. "Damn, they're good."

---
---

Harry's pranked drink was the beginning of a string of unfortunate events that
lasted through to the next evening. While trying to brush the bad taste out of
his mouth, he accidentally dropped his tooth brush into the trash can, and
then swallowed his tooth paste while he was cursing. This resulted in a vomit
fest and no toothbrush to boot. He was not in the mood for dinner afterward,
so he stayed in the common room to read his Quidditch magazine, only to find
it had disappeared and wouldn't be found. To make matters worse there was a
draft in the tower, and the fire place was blown out. Harry tried lighting it
with his wand, only to have his wand catch fire. He managed to save his wand
by dunking a vase full of water on it, but got drenched himself.

Frustrated, cold, wet, and still slightly nauseous, he gave up any hope for
the remainder of the evening and went to bed.

He might have given up on the day, but the day was not finished with him. He
was missing a blanket on his bed, making it too cold to sleep, and when he
called on the house elves to get him some more, they put it on the wrong bed.
The bed's owner walked in just in time to see Harry 'blanket stealing' and a
thirty minute argument resulted. At last allowed to retire , he realized that
his dorm mates weren't ready to sleep so early, and he could hear them for
several hours before they came up stairs, turning on too many lights, and
still not shutting up. When at last they had settled, Harry thought he would
finally get some peace and quiet.

It wasn't so.

One of the boys had congestion, and the series of snorts, whistles, squeaks,
chuffs, huffs, and sniffles that emanated from his nose was enough to leave
Harry staring wide-eyed at his ceiling until dawn. His silencing charms all
failed after thirty minutes regardless of how strongly he cast them.

Morning brought no relief. One misfortune after another strove to kill Harry
or make him want to kill himself. He lost everything he could conceivably
lose, from his wand to his socks to his book bag, two of the three showers
Harry tried sprayed him with cold water, he lost two buttons, broke a shoe
lace, lost his wand again, tripped down the tower stairs and ripped his school
robe, snapped at his friends when they laughed, missed breakfast, and of
course Toure decided to start the day with a pop quiz. He forgot his homework
for DA&D, and couldn't recall anything they had studied. Half way to potion's
he realized he had lost his wand again and gone back for it, and was late for
class. That earned him one detention with Snape that night, and the potion he
ruined meant he had to stay during his lunch break to finish if he planned to
get a grade, which he did, but not a good enough one to justify missing
another meal over.

And so went his entire day, one mishap after another, everything that could
conceivably go wrong short of a dragon falling through the roof. By the time
his afternoon duel had rolled around, he had six detentions, failed two pop
quizzes, lost all of his assignments, ruined a text book, fought with all of
his friends, was sporting several bruises, a stubbed toe, a twisted ankle, and
was ready to kill God.

"Christ Potter, what the hell happened to you?" Ron said upon his opponent's
arrival at the Dueling Club. The entire Dueling Club, seniors and juniors and
professors, as well as several others who really didn't have any business
being there were milling about anxiously. Harry flashed Colin Creevey a glare
that probably would have melted his camera if he'd been pointing it.

"Shut. Up," he snarled, stalking straight to the supply closet.

Ron merely sneered and waited, already prepared. He took Harry's brief absence
to irritate Hermione. She too, had had a fight with Harry, for the stupidest
reason now that she thought about it, and she was starting to worry about her
friend now.

"I want you to wear a red dress," he said.

She glanced at the Slytherin, before looking back to where Harry had
disappeared.

"What are you babbling about?"

"On our date. I want it red. You're a Gryffindor, you like red, don't you?"

"Only covering my enemies."

"Ouch. So you really are a Malfoy, after all."

She gave him sour look, and he felt deeply satisfied to have earned it. Harry
appeared dressed in his usual white with brown leather. If possible his scowl
was even deeper than before and he was clenching and unclenching his hand, as
if it were bothering him.

"Someone left their dueling knife in the closet," Harry remarked sourly as he
passed Snape. The potion's master studied him for a long moment, and was
becoming increasingly disturbed with his semi-ward's state. He was clearly
exhausted, hurt in some manner, and in a bad temper. None of this was
particularly unusual for Potter, but it wasn't an ideal state to be in just
before a duel.

"I will see the culprit punished. Do you wish to have the match delayed?"

"God no. I can't take another day of this."

Larousse came around from the other side of the platform to have a look at the
boy herself, and what she saw disturbed her.

"Harry, are you-"

"I'm fine. Let's get this over with," he said shortly, and stalked up to the
platform. The third step collapsed under his weight, sending his foot clean
through the wood, while the rest of him stumbled forward, smacking the
platform with his head.

There was startled scream and several gasps by the on lookers.

"Harry!"

The Gryffindor groaned, but lifted himself up. Gingerly, he pulled his leg
free.

"I'm fine."

His leather leg braced had protected him for the most part, but a large
splinter had found an opening in the back and causing a trickle of blood to
stain his white pants. Irritated, he pulled it out sharply.

"Potter! Stop that," Snape snarled, coming forward to inspect the wound
himself, but Harry pulled away from him and up onto the platform.

"It isn't bad. We can fix it after the duel with whatever other injuries I
might get."

"You can't be serious."

Harry's reply was to turn his back on the man and face his opponent. Ron was
looking a bit confused, but eventually smirked.

"Good to see your balls have dropped. Fighting little kids just ain't
sporting."

"But you'd do it anyway."

"Fuck you!"

"Gentleman, positions!" Snape demanded, determined to get this all over with
as quickly as possible so he could find out what was going on. Both boys
dropped their argument, and rearranged themselves. The placed their wands in
front of themselves, their free hands behind them, saluted, and turned their
bodies sideways, their wands ready.

"Begin."

The left lens of Harry's glasses popped out.

"What the fu-"

"*Fastidium facio!*"

The Nausea Curse hit Harry dead center. If he had had anything in his stomach,
he would have been sick, but at this point it only left him slightly
disoriented.

"*Comprimo!*"

The Squeeze Curse missed, more from Harry's lack of vision than Ron's
dexterity in dodging.

"*Aracnisortia!*"he tried, sending out a wave of spiders crawling towards Ron.
The vaguely squirming motion of the hundred little bodies had the unintended
effect of making him dry heave. The Slyterin bulked for a moment, but then
destroyed them with a Fire Hex that Harry barely managed to block. The curse
bounced of his shield and hit the wooden chandelier above them, setting it
alight. Another curse, this time one Harry didn't recognize, forced him to
dodge rather than block. Unfortunately, when he jumped out of the way, his
foot landed on his missing lens, causing him to slip. He smacked face first
into the platform, and his mouth was instantly filled with blood.

There were shouts for Harry and shouts to stop the match and shouts to keep it
going. Not knowing who would win the argument, he rolled to avoid any curses
Ron might have sent at him, just in time to see the chandelier collapsing down
on him. He rolled again, falling off the end of the platform and onto the
stone floor. A deafening crash, a wave of debris, and several screams later
found Harry alive and surrounded by his professors and several less welcome
individuals.

"Potter, are you alive?" Snape demanded.

Dazed, and choking on the blood from his possibly broken nose, Harry couldn't
come up with anything more witty than, "No."

"He needs to be taken to the infirmary, Severus," Larousse said, "Will all of
you *back up?*"

The students retreated from Harry's blurred vision. He felt himself being
lifted, not levitated, but actually carried, and it was so utterly strange and
nostalgic that if he didn't feel like he were dying Harry might have enjoyed
it.

"Potter, tell me quickly, have you ingested anything strange recently? Food or
drink that didn't taste right?"

Harry merely turned his head and spat out some blood, not even bothering to
answer the question. He didn't think he had, but he couldn't think of anything
at the moment. Everything was spinning and painful. Hermione, sweet, quick
thinking Hermione, was there for him though.

"Wait! Something odd happened yesterday. His pumpkin juice disappeared and
then reappeared, but it tasted bad! We just thought the twins...er... I mean,
someone, had played a joke on him! He spit it out though! Why?"

"I'll tell you later, but right now I need to get Potter to my lab. Clear the
way for me, Professor Larousse, Weasley, go inform the headmistress of what
has happened, and Ms. Granger I want you to inform Madam Pomfrey. The rest of
you... go do your homework or something."

Harry closed his eyes, nauseated and unable to see clearly any way, and
focused on breathing around his discomfort and listening to what the
professors were saying.

"What's on your mind, Severus?" Larousse asked, flicking her wand this way and
that to open doors and move aside obstacles as they strode quickly down the
hall. Snape didn't speak until all the students were safely out of ear shot.

"The knife in the closet, the broken stairs, the glasses lens, the
chandelier... there were several complaints during lunch about him misplacing
homework and generally being an utter spaz before this too. It's too much
coincidence working against him. Either Potter it the focus of a very clever
and discreet prankster or he's been poisoned."
