# Ritual Sacrifice

After three days of final projects and end of the semester exams, Harry was
exhausted, but alive. No one seemed to have enough time around the castle to
go starting fights with him, and after Barlow was suspended for all her
troubles no one was eager to test their luck. Hermione looked ready to keel
over, and her stress level hadn't dispelled even after the tests were done.

"Perhaps I should have gone in to more detail about Dorian's Theory, I mean it
did influence Lord Marcel's Theory of Infinite Dimension. And why did Madam
Sprout only ask for six examples of non-native magical trees? There's like
thirty of them on the grounds and that would have been easy credit right
there. Do you think I should have-"

"Hermione," Harry said, his eyes threatening painful death if she didn't shut
up about the bloody ridiculous tests. "It's *over*."

Her mouth snapped shut. Clyde mouthed a 'thank you' at Harry, and went back to
enjoying his pudding. Dinner was being held an hour earlier than usual, so
that everyone could get ready for the Christmas Dance by seven. Harry was glad
he'd ducked out of it. He didn't know how anyone else could summon the energy
to dance after all those tests. He felt mentally and magically drained.

"Are you sure you don't want to come tonight, Harry? It's supposed to be a lot
of fun," Hermione insisted.

"I know, I went to the last two parties. And they were fun, but I'm tired, and
I've got some last minute projects to work on."

Clyde leaned in and whispered in Harry's ear.

"You're not going to sneak out again are you?"

"No, of course not. Not that kind of project. I've got to wrap some gifts and
then I want to do a little research."

That got Hermione's attention. "Research?"

"Arithmancy, I think I'm going to have to take the re-test."

Half true. It was arithmancy, but it was for the Solstice ritual, not what
they were studying in class, which he thought he got at least an E in. They
chatted about holiday plans and plans for next year and about what an odd
semester it had been until it was time to go up to the common room to get
ready. He helped Clyde look as presentable as he could in his new dark violet
dress robes, thinking he looked kind of silly but not wanting to hurt his
feelings, then hung out with the other guys down in the common room when Clyde
left to pick up Cathy Wickett. Fred and George were dressed in ridiculously
old fashioned robes in Christmas red and greens, and should have looked tacky
but somehow managed to come off as merely eccentrically festive instead. He
pitied their dates just the same.

And then along came Ginny. He hadn't seen her at dinner, but a lot of girls
had been absent, favoring primping over food, and apparently it had paid off
for the youngest Weasley. She came down the stairs with Hermione, a pixie
escorting a princess. Where Hermione's was dressed in regal red velvet, Ginny
was in ephemeral pinks, light silky fabric that moved like a breeze over her
every curve. Hermione's hair was down, a wavy cascade of auburn down her back.
Ginny's was up in a thousand tiny ringlets, held up by matching pink ribbons
that should have made it look like a mess, but came off as pleasantly
irregular, like a wild garden or a waterfall. Both were dressed down from what
was expected at a Malfoy party, but then they wouldn't simply be waltzing
tonight either.

He blinked widely.

"Wow."

Hermione smirked. Ginny turned incredible red, but it only made her look
cuter.

"See what you're missing?" Hermione teased, "You'll just have to buy a picture
from Colin."

"Ron was right, red *does* suit you," he teased right back. Soon she was just
as red as Ginny. She quickly changed the subject.

"Where are Sirius and Remus? They were here this morning, but I didn't see
them at dinner."

"Full moon tonight. They had to go home to celebrate with their pack. They'll
be gone for a few days."

"Oh, is that why you're going with Voldemort? Because they won't be around to
protect you?"

"That's why I'm leaving tomorrow, but they'll be back to guard the castle way
before me. I think it's more good press or whatever. I bet I'll be running
across a couple of reporters."

"That's too bad," Ginny said, "You should have fun on your break. I think you
deserve it more than anyone.

"Thanks, Ginny."

They talked for a little longer before Colin showed up, and greeted them all
with a face full of flash.

"Sorry, sorry! But it was a great shot!" he apologized, and escorted a rather
put upon looking Ginny out of the tower. As they were leaving, Ron walked in
and gave Colin an even look.

"Watch where you put your hands tonight, ya little bugger," he warned.

"Mind your own business, Ron!" Ginny snapped. He ignored his sister and
stepped in. He was dressed in tasteful black with little gold fixings. He had
cut his hair too, cropped into something almost military and it looked almost
dark blond that close to the scalp. He didn't look a thing like his brothers
dressed like that.

"That's different," Harry said, unsure if it was improvement or not. At the
moment it just looked strange. Ron just smirked.

"Good evening, Hermione," he said, perfectly gentlemanly, even bowed politely.
"You look lovely."

She turned even redder than when Harry had complimented her, and the
Gryffindor felt a surge of irritation. He seriously hoped this poxy bastard
wasn't actually *charming* her. And bloody hell, since when did he get away
with calling her 'Hermione'?

They exchanged pleasantries until Harry felt his teeth had to be rotting out
of his head listening to them. At last they left, Harry now almost completely
alone in the tower. He went up to his room and worked on his gifts for a
while, but soon grew bored and took his library book 'Applications of
Arithmancy in Common Magical Rituals' down into the common room.

Natalie was there.

She was standing by the fire place, dressed in a cardigan and a black skirt.
Clearly, not intending to go to the party. In fact, if her little picnic
basket were any indication, she was intending to stay for a while. He smiled.

"Not in the dancing mood?"

She looked up at him and smiled back.

"Aren't you? What's wrong? Couldn't find a date?"

"I'm all danced out for the year. Besides, I've got some studying to do."

She made a face, and he laughed. He picked up some pillows from the couches
and chairs and tossed them to her. She arranged them, and sat down and he
joined her.

"I hope you don't mind my interrupting. It just seemed kind of lame to spend
the evening alone," she said. He shook his head and peeked in her basket.
There were cakes and candies and a couple of thermoses of no doubt highly
sugared drinks like hot chocolate and eggnog. It smelled wonderful.

"I don't mind at all. I could even use your help."

"With studying? Eww... that's more Hermione's thing."

"I think you'll like this. It's very old magic. Very powerful."

That did seem to make her a little more interested, so he continued.

"I'm performing a ritual with Voldemort during the Solstice. I've done a
little bit of it before, but I'm going to be more involved this year so I
kinda want a better idea of what I'm doing."

Now she looked really interested.

"You're performing rituals with the *Dark Lord*?! I don't know whether you're
mad or brilliant. What does the ritual do? Does it have a name?"

"I don't know if it has a name. I haven't found anything in the library about
it, but it's really *really* powerful so it might be in the Restricted
Section. It connects you to the magic of the Earth."

She didn't seem to understand what he meant, so he explained as best he could
about what he had experienced last year when he'd done it and again his
experience during the summer festival. Like a little child listening to a
particularly exciting bedtime story, Natalie hung off his every word and
gesture, eyes wide with fascination and awe. When he was done, she had to
literally shake herself.

"That's incredible. You mean you could... I dunno, talk to gods or whatever?"

He nodded, though he doubted if he'd truly understand their reply. He'd been
so overwhelmed the first time he didn't think he'd have understood if someone
had told him one plus one equals two. Regardless, she was very interested
after that in helping him figure out what he had done. Harry drew a diagram of
what he remembered, and together they looked up what the many components
meant. Some of them were very simple, the pentagram, the runes of the
elements, the power of the blood were easily understood to be amplifiers of
power and sacrificial enticements to gain the Earth's attention. The other
symbols were more confusing. Why were there so many geometric shapes around
the pentagon? Did they attract magic rather than repel it? Why were the
symbols for drowning and burning included?

The more they learned, the more questions Harry had. What did something like
this do to a person? The affects on himself had seemed temporary, but hadn't
his magical strength increased since then? He hadn't really noticed before or
perhaps he thought it was the natural development of his own abilities, but he
didn't tire as quickly when casting spells and he remembered them easier after
learning and always seemed to know what he should cast during duel or fight.
And then there was Gryffindor's sword, which found him so easily and
repetitiously. Was that the ritual's influence? For magic to come more
naturally as it did for the Dark Lord?

They finally gave up on understanding any more of it. It was clearly the work
of someone with more advanced knowledge than they had. They ate their sweets
and told stories, silly things from when they were young. Harry told Natalie
about his parent's studio and how they let him play with the raw clay and
taught him how to draw and paint. Natalie told Harry about how her mothers
spoiled her rotten with riding lessons and traveling every summer. It was
almost ten before anyone came up to disturb them, and of all the people to
showed up they hadn't expected Draco.

He threw open the portrait door and ran right up to them, his pale face
actually stuck in a look of disbelief. Harry immediately stood up, expecting
something had happened to Hermione. Instead, what came out of Draco's mouth
was considerably more disturbing.

"Uncle Serverus is getting married..."

"What?!" they both squawked. "To *who*?"

"Vesper Larousse!"

Somehow, Harry thought he should have seen that coming.

---
---

Harry didn't sleep well after Draco told them about his godfather's
announcement after the party. The excitement he was feeling over the upcoming
ritual was overshadowed by anxiety. Snape and Larousse? A dangerous duo if he
ever saw one. Each trying to stick their noses into his business at any given
moment. He had tried to convince himself that it wasn't that bad. That they
could end up distracting each other and leaving him alone, but his sleep was
filled with prophetic dreams of summers spent in their company, of chores
involving nasty potion ingredients, picnics by the lake, and trips into the
woods to hunt his godfathers with guns and harpoons.

The morning dawned gray and cold, a new layer of snow blanketing the old. He
gathered with the rest of the students in the Great Hall, then regretted it
when he saw the objects of his anxiety at the teacher's table. Snape looked
unusually smug, and Larousse was practically glowing. He wanted to be happy
for them, but it was harder than it should have been.

The carriage ride to the station was noisy, Draco and Hermione unable to
discuss anything other then their godfather's surprise and Natalie throwing in
her usual quips. Draco thought Snape was nuts. Hermione thought it wonderful.
Natalie thought the entire thing hilarious. He wanted to join in Natalie's
amusement, but couldn't bring himself to do more than crack a smile or two.

They exchanged Christmas presents quickly, hiding them away before they left
the carriage, and promised (and likely lied) that they wouldn't open them
early. He saw them all off from the platform, his trunk and Elsbeth sitting
patiently in her cage beside him. This year he wouldn't be able to travel to
London with them as his security status still hadn't dropped enough for him to
take public transportation. It was with more than a little longing that he
watched as the train pulled away and faded into the distance. When the
Hogwarts Express was little more than puffs of smoke on the horizon he turned
back towards the platform to see Snape *and Larousse* waiting for him.

In Larousse's arms was Inana's basket.

---
---

Inana slept inside his shirt on the ride to Bristol. Despite the warmth of her
green house, Britain's gray winter skies had left her lethargic and she
mustered only enough energy for a quick chastisement for leaving her
unattended for so long before dozing off. He wished he could join her, but he
was feeling even more anxious about Snape and Larousse than before.

Something about that last image of them on the platform, standing side by
side, Larousse's holding out his serpent made him uneasy. It was the sort of
image that reminded him of his parents, standing near the bus stop, handing
him his lunch pail. Silly really, but there had been a possessiveness in the
gesture he didn't like coming from them. Even Snape's usual apathy felt
artificial, like he was gaging Harry's reaction.

Madam Hardwick was back in all her prudish glory to greet him by the road,
shiny black car and all. She sat across from him in the car to make sure he
hadn't reverted back to slouching or drooling all over himself. He'd bluffed
his way through the proper courtesies then ignored her altogether. It was
snowing heavily in the south, and Harry wondered if it was snowing where his
godfathers were and if it bothered them at all. Would Luna be with them? A
girl or a goddess now? He blushed and quickly tried to think of other people.
Snape and Larousse came up quickly, but the thought of them together sent his
mind scurrying in yet another direction.

What was Voldemort doing right now?

Would he be in Bristol still or had he relocated to London since last year? Or
was he somewhere else altogether? He might already be at the lodge, working
from his study or preparing for tomorrow's ritual. No, he said he wanted to
teach it to Harry, so he wouldn't start without him there. Maybe he went to
see Greyback and the werewolves, as part of obligations as a shaman? Were he
and his godfathers annoying each other this very moment?

It turned out speculating on Voldemort's activities was very entertaining, for
he managed to distract himself until they reached the estate. Which was good,
because having driven from Hogsmeade rather than London meant the ride was
almost two hours longer than it had been last year. He really didn't
understand how his travels arrangements were made, because efficiency really
didn't seem to be a factor.

The Sianach Lodge was exactly how he remembered it. The forest was gray and
mysterious, the road long and narrow, the mansion itself majestic and
sprawling. Mr. Whitby and Victoria were there to greet them upon arrival,
bundled up in their matching winter coats.

"Welcome back, Young Master," Mr. Whitby said as he opened the door for him.

"Thank you, it's good to be back," he said, sincerely.

Victoria looked like she wanted to run over and hug him, but didn't dare with
all the stuffy people around. He smiled at her and she smiled back, before
they both pretended to be proper for everyone else's benefit.

"Master is still abroad, but should arrive later this evening," Mr. Whitby
said, leading them inside where the familiar row of servants were gathered,
bowing respectfully as he entered. "Would you prefer something to eat or to
settle into your room, Young Master?"

"I think I'll settle in first. Will our Lord be back by dinner?"

"That is unclear."

"Would you have a light snack sent up then? If he isn't back before seven I'll
take my meal in my room," he said, heading towards the stairs, Victoria
following dutifully after him.

"Very good, sir."

"Thank you for escorting me, Madam Hardwick," he managed, rather reluctantly,
"I hope you have a nice evening."

She didn't seem very interested, but she acknowledged his attempt at
politeness with a nod. As soon as they were out of sight, Victoria really
*did* hug him.

"Oh, Harry, it's so good to see you again!" she squealed, turning him around
to good a better look at him. "You've grown! I swear you had to have grown a
foot since I last saw you!"

He grinned, though he knew she was full of it. He was still shorter than most
of the boys in his dorm.

"You haven't changed at all."

She slapped him on the shoulder.

"I'd have you know I am *quite* changed. I've got a boyfriend now."

"Really? Me too. I mean, girlfriend, *girlfriend*. She's definitely a girl."

Victoria laughed. They arrived at his room, exactly as he remembered it, lots
of wood and amber with a magnificent view through the southern and western
windows. Through the thickly falling snow he could barely see the outline of
the forest beyond the gardens.

"You've definitely had a busy couple of months," his maid said lightly, but
there was a sort of caution in it. "It seems every time I turn around the
paper's printed how something or other happened to you. I nearly keeled over
and died myself when I heard about the explosion at the school. Awful business
that."

He looked to her, and found her sort of fidgeting, staring at her toes. She
made a little sniffling sound, and he realized she was fighting tears.

"Vicki?"

"I've just been real worried about you, Harry. All those attacks at a place
that's suppose to be the safest in all of Britain. It's just too awful. You
being so young and kind and all. It'd break my heart if something happened to
you."

She sniffled again. Harry just stood there, unsure what to do. He'd never
comforted an *adult* before, except for once when one of Hagrid's beasts had
died despite treatment and really Hagrid wasn't that different from a big kid.
It seemed he didn't have to do anything, for between two blinks of an eye she
had composed herself and managed a big grin.

"So don't be running off into the woods at night like last time or I will be
quite cross with you! Well, I better go get that snack and see what's taking
Danny so long with your luggage."

And with that she disappeared out the door, leaving Harry to wonder what had
just happened.

---
---

Voldemort didn't arrive at the Sianach Lodge until almost nine. He had been
busy all day and most of the evening, wrapping up some loose ends before he
disappeared for the next few days. His errands had taken him all over Britain,
including a brief inspection of Hogwart's construction and a meeting with Lord
Thurles, regional steward of Ireland, in Dublin. The weather hadn't been
accommodating, having snowed or was snowing everywhere he went and even
apparating didn't alleviate the annoyance of wet and cold.

He wasn't tired in the same way men where, being not entirely human, and sleep
hadn't been necessary since the seventies, but he did want to rest. He wanted
somewhere warm and quiet and dark, with only a book and a hibernating Nagini
for company. Yet there were still a few important matters to attend. Whitby
and all the servants, except for Harry's personal maid, were there to greet
him at the door despite the hour, but he ignored all of them except for Whitby
and the stable hand.

"You have it then?" he asked, stalking right past them and towards the back of
the house. Both men scurried to keep up, and the stable hand didn't dare stop
to grab his coat when they were led straight out the back door and towards the
stables.

"Yes, my Lord," Whitby said, "Female, virgin, a very attractive creature."

"Mean too," the stable hand muttered, grimacing as he looked at his hand,
blood spotting through the bandages.

Voldemort nodded, but didn't look back. He had to make certain she was what he
needed else the ritual wouldn't work as it was suppose to. Last year, less
exact requirements had been needed of the sacrifice, but then it had only been
for himself and Harry's participation had merely been a happy accident. If it
was going to work a second time for the both of them, he couldn't be stingy.
This one had to be perfect.

The stable was charmed to be a pleasant temperature all year around, and the
lights were kept on but dim at night. Aside from that, there was very little
magic used there. There were sixteen stalls, two holding his six Irish
wolfhounds, two milking cows, a team of four black horses for carriages, a
white charger, three well-trained field hunters, and the last four were
usually kept empty. It smelled of hay, manure, and dog food.

"Stay here," Voldemort instructed, leaving them by the entrance while he
strode to the very back of the stable. The animals watched him warily as he
passed.

She appeared to be waiting for him when he reached her. She was tied to prong
in the middle of the stall so that she didn't hurt herself smashing into the
walls in her attempts to escape, but she wasn't struggling now. Her large dark
eyes watched him cautiously, her slender legs trembling with the desire to
flee. Whitby was right. She was an attractive creature.

She would do perfectly.

---
---

Harry did not get to see Voldemort until the next morning. Victoria had
informed him that the Dark Lord was 'in a right snit' on arrival and was
dragging Mr. Whitby and his staff around by their nose hairs before he let
them leave. He'd even snapped at her that he wanted Harry in bed early, as he
was going to be up by dawn.

So to bed he went and at dawn he woke, his room filled with the irritating
trill of a Wake-up Spell.

"*Uugh... kill it, Princeling. Kill it, what ever foul creature it is*," Inana
hissed sleepily from around his neck.

He dismissed the spell after some difficulty, still groggy from sleep, and put
set Inana in her basket. His morning routine went by in a gradually receding
daze, until at last he was coherent enough to face Voldemort. The house was
empty for the day, leaving him no choice but to search out the man himself. He
eventually found him in the study, pouring over a stack of documents.

"Good morning, my Lord."

"Good morning, Harry. I'm glad to see you're up. Have you eaten?"

"No."

"Come then," he said, walking out of the study and leading him towards the
dining room. "We don't have much time to prepare. Everything must be ready by
the time the sun is exactly midway in the sky. Do you know why?"

"... um... wait, I think..."

He pondered over the purpose of specific times at first, but there were too
many symbolic meanings associated with that, so he considered how the sun
would affect such a ritual and then possible disruption of night. He mentally
sifted through the many runes involved for clues.

"... the sun determines the range of the spell?"

The Dark Lord grinned. They entered the dinning room. Harry was a bit
disappointed to find they'd only been left hot porridge. Is that what they'd
eaten the day of the ritual? No, Harry thought he'd had something else, but
then Voldemort hadn't eaten with him that day so perhaps this too was
significant. Like a mild form of fasting.

"Very good. Do you know how?"

"The sun powers the earth, and somehow it powers the spell as well. It powers
the connection between us and the earth. That's what the runes for flowers are
for, right?"

"Among other things yes."

"So when the sun moves too far west the angle changes and the connection
looses power?"

"Yes. Very, very good. You have been studying this?"

"Yeah, a little. But if the angle of the sun is so important, why not perform
the ritual in summer instead of winter?"

"For one, the connection would become *too* powerful and your soul would be
torn from your body."

That was a very good reason, Harry decided.

"For another, life is much too chaotic in spring. Animals and plants are
living, dying, growing, breeding, birthing, and just constantly shifting. The
earth and water itself is also shifting under the heat of the sun and
activities of the living. Winter is a time of stillness. Nothing births except
for bears and few other odd animals, plants do not grow, water freezes. If you
were to try to connect to Her during the summer, even if you were not
disembodied, you'd be driven very quickly insane. Now eat your porridge."

They were finished eating within minutes. Voldemort quizzed him on his
understanding of the spell, and though he got almost as many answers wrong as
he did right and three times as many he couldn't even begin to guess at, the
man seemed pleased. Harry was very glad he had at least *attempted* to figure
the ritual out the night before. When at last Voldemort felt he had found the
limits of Harry's understanding, he took him back to the study and handed him
a wooden box.

It was about the size of a box of chocolates, dark red wood with a crest
carved onto the top. There was something familiar about the crest, something
alluring though he couldn't recall where he might have seen it before.

"This is for you. For your first born son. For his first son. And so on and so
forth. With every generation its power will grow."

A shiver ran down Harry's spine, the man's words felt like a spell, sending
magic into motion to some unknown end. He ran his fingers over the lid, and
they tingled.

"Is this the Potter crest?" His throat felt thick and uncooperative.

"Yes. Twenty generations of Potters wore that crest for over a thousand years,
though the name has changed almost a dozen times itself, the bloodline remains
true. Only the blood of your direct descent will open that box."

"Blood?"

"There is a catch on the box. When you press it down you will feel a sharp
pinch. It's nothing more than a needle prick."

"What's inside?"

"Open it and see for yourself."

Hesitantly, he found the golden catch on the side of the box with his thumb.
It was round and smooth like a button, but when he pressed it there was sharp
sting that made him flinch. There was the sound of tiny gears, like that of a
watch or a music box, winding down, then a click, and the lid popped open a
fraction. He sucked the droplet of blood from his finger, then opened the box
completely.

Inside was a knife resting on a velvet cushion. He set the box down on
Voldemort's desk and took out the knife. The sheath was undecorated wood with
smooth gold fittings that matched the handle. It took a moment for Harry to
realize the sheath was the made of holly, the same as his wand. Carefully,
pulled the blade free.

It was perfect.

It wasn't sure how he could tell, as he was no black smith or swordsmith or
weapons expert, but one look at its uncorrupted mirror sheen and he knew. It
was very slender with an unserrated edge. Elegant. Sharp. What was it for?
Clearly not for fighting, but it had a definite purpose.

He re-sheathed it.

When he looked up, he found Voldemort's eyes half-lidded, his mouth curved
upwards ever so slightly, like a well pleased cat. The thank you that was on
the tip of his tongue died. Unease was quickly drowning his gratitude.

"Do you like it?" the man asked, though he seemed to already know the answer.

"It's beautiful," Harry admitted, "But... it's not a gift, is it? You don't
give gifts."

That cat smile sharpened with pleasure.

"That's true. Very true. It is not a gift. It's a tool. A very important tool,
that I, as your teacher, am providing for you."

He suddenly remembered where he had seen a knife like this before. Voldemort
had one just like last year, when he'd cut his hand to offer his blood. This
was a sacrificial knife. The Dark Lord stepped towards him, placing a hand on
his shoulder.

"Also, as your teacher, I am going to show you how to use it properly. Gather
your cloak, we're going outside for a while."

---
---

It was snowing lightly as Harry trudge towards the stable, following after
Voldemort. The snow was practically to his knees, so he followed in the other
man's footprints as he waded through it with his usual uncanny grace. He
wrapped one of his plain black cloaks instead of his Baluvian, suspecting that
what came next might stain.

The stable was warm and smelled of animals. The sound of horses shuffling and
the whining of dogs dominated. Voldemort secured the door behind them.

"We must be very careful in our preparations. Carelessness is a sign of
disrespect, and you don't want to disrespect *Her*. She has very clever and
horrible ways of making you regret it. Britain is full of legends about the
ways she makes the irreverent suffer. Does that frighten you?"

"Yes."

"Good."

"I'm afraid of God too."

He wasn't sure why he said it. Half of everything he ended up saying to the
Dark Lord seemed to be as surprising to himself as the other man. It came to
him the same ways spells in a duel came. Instantaneous and somehow perfect,
even if the result was unexpected. Hermione said it was his subconscious
becoming more dominant when the stress of a situation caused his adrenaline
levels to increase and inhibit his conscious thought process. He had no idea
what she was talking about, but he wondered if talking to Voldemort was close
enough to dueling for the same principles to apply.

"Really? Then I suppose He still has some hold over your soul. I'm not afraid
of him at all. What can He do to me? His domain is that of the soul, and He
cannot touch mine. I suppose we each face different risks in whom we entrust
with our soul, but I like a Master less pretentious."

"Won't She punish me? Knowing I still fear Him? Knowing I still belong to
Him?"

"Only if you're dishonest about it. I think She likes you. Your gift in magic
suggests She does. I believe She'd rather seduce you."

He felt his cheeks burn at the suggestion. Merlin, he'd already faced a
enamored goddess-possessed Luna with disastrous results, he didn't think he
could take on the affections of an entire planet. Voldemort laughed, as if
reading his thoughts. The animals shifted nervously in their stalls.

"Not that kind of seduction, child! Now come, we've not much time."

Harry felt another jolt of unease, but the only thing (and the very odd thing)
Voldemort did was take him into one of the cows' stalls, and demonstrated how
to milk her, and then went to milk the other one.

"Milk is a traditional offering, cow or goat or really any kind. It ranks
between an offering of blood and an offering of grain. It's an offering of
both food and body. In ancient times, farmers would pour milk onto their
fields to entice the Earth to yield a good harvest. We will use it to bring
forth the more beneficent nature of the Earth, rather than the vengeful. Blood
will summon her power."

Well, that was interesting and disturbing, but the cows didn't seem to care
either way so Harry filed it away for later examination.

When they were done, they poured Harry's milk in with Voldemort's and set it
aside. Harry hoped that was it, but then the Dark Lord lead him all the way to
the back of the stable. What he saw there made him freeze.

"Pretty, isn't she?" Voldemort said. "Her blood is particularly powerful,
which we will need to maintain the integrity of the ritual diagrams."

Harry could only stare, seeing his own reflection in her wide black eyes.

"We... we're going to..."

"Yes. We need a lot of blood. A dove or goat won't be nearly enough."

"But..."

"It's called sacrifice for a reason."

For a long moment, he couldn't do anything but stare and wonder if he were
even capable of what Voldemort were asking. He'd killed before. Fish. Rabbits.
Probably a hundred rats for Inana and Elsbeth and the other snakes and animals
at the medical bestiary. Even a deer with his godfather's help. Why was this
any different?

Because it wasn't fair. She was tied up. She couldn't run or defend herself.
There was no hope for her beyond the clemency he granted. It was completely
unfair.

"...W-will it h-hurt?"

"No. Your knife is designed to make it quick and painless. I will show you
how."

Voldemort's hand on his shoulder moved him further into the stall. The
sacrifice started to struggle, kicking out at them.

"Careful," the Dark Lord warned, "She might look like a helpless little deer,
but she's a sianach. Her kin have been hunting men for thousands of years, and
she has the canines to prove it."

He had never seen a sianach, but he would never forget one now. They were
white, or was that a seasonal color? At least, this one was. There were small
gray flecks on her back, reminding him of fawns, but she was much too big. Big
as a normal adult female deer, but was that as large as an adult sianach? How
big were they really? If they were big enough to hunt men it was probably
bigger than the average deer. She snarled like a dog, fangs bared and snapping
at him.

Voldemort moved in fast, seizing her head in both his hands. She bucked and
kicked, but she could neither see nor reach him. He leaned in close and
whispered something and she suddenly stopped. He pulled back and moved to the
other side of her, gently pushing at her hind and front quarters to reposition
her. She didn't resist, her body as docile as a well trained pony. She shook
her head, flicked her tail, and seemed utterly oblivious to them.

"What did you do?" Harry asked.

"An apathy spell. You could set fire to her and she wouldn't care at this
point."

Harry really hoped that wouldn't be necessary.

"What do I do?"

"Get the pale and set it here."

Harry did as instructed, setting the pale in front of the sianach. He was very
close to her, and he couldn't help reaching out to touch her. Her fur was both
course and fluffy under his fingers, waterproof and warm he realized. She
didn't react to his touch at all. From over her shoulder he watched Voldemort
mimic him, admiring the creature they were about to slaughter.

"What now?"

"You have your knife?"

Harry nodded.

"Take it out."

He had attached it to his belt, and the blade came free easily. He could see
his reflection in it, wide green eyes in pale, pale skin. Voldemort's hand was
at the underside of the sianach's neck, feeling his way up and down. He
stopped a short distance from where the neck reached the shoulder.

"Here," he said, "This is the carotid artery. The main artery that takes blood
from the heart to the head. There are other places in the back legs and pelvis
that bleed profusely, but this is the safest and easiest place to cut. Do you
understand?"

He nodded. "How do I...?"

"Give me your hand."

He surrendered it to him, allowing the Dark Lord to readjust his hold on the
knife and reposition his hand, the blade pointing directly at the carotid
artery. With his hand still on Harry, he demonstrated the stabbing and cutting
motion.

"Stab deep, it won't take a lot of physical strength, but you mustn't
hesitate. As soon as it's in at least half way, tug sharply towards yourself
and pull it out. Are you ready?"

No, he wasn't ready, but there was no stopping at this point. She was going to
die, one way or another, and he had committed himself already. He had wanted
to learn and to understand magic, and perhaps that was going to be painful and
ugly and scary like it was in this moment, but it was also true. Nothing to
hide the rawness of it, to sugar coat or spin it into something more
acceptable. If he was to truly become a pagan, to even understand what that
meant, he had to do this.

"Yes."

"Then go."

He hesitated.

"GO!"

The knife sunk in quick and easy, almost to the hilt and he nearly fell over
when he tugged it sharply towards him and out of her. A splatter of blood
caught him in the face as he removed it, running from his forehead, over his
right lens of his glasses, and down his cheek. A torrent of blood followed,
downwards, straight into the bucket. The sianach fidgeted, but Voldemort held
her gently in place, keeping her head elevated to increase the blood flow.

It was over in less than a minute. All he had to was stand there and watch as
she quickly bled out, gradually loosing strength, first leaning against the
Dark Lord, then falling to her knees, then her side, and then gone.

They were was more blood in the bucket than there had been milk.

He ran out of the stable as fast as he could, stumbled in the snow, and
vomited up breakfast. His right hand still held his knife, the flesh and metal
both covered in blood. He touched his face with his left hand and found blood
there too. He stumbled another few feet to a clean patch and used the snow to
scrub himself clean, knife and hands and face, then dried them with his cloak.
He blamed his shaking on the cold, and walked back inside before the Dark Lord
decided he'd chickened out and run away.

---
---

Voldemort was concerned when Harry run. Surely a little blood letting hadn't
scared him away? He'd killed giant snakes for Merlin's sake. But no, the boy
returned a minute later, a little green but otherwise fine. His hands and face
were flushed but clean of blood.

It was a natural reaction he supposed. The sort of thing farmer's children
learned to overcome when slaughtering their livestock. He'd never had a
problem with killing animals himself, but then he'd never had a problem with
killing people either. Harry's natural revulsion might actually serve to make
the sacrificial blood more meaningful. He doubted it would bother the Earth
one way or another.

Ruffling Harry's hair affectionately, he dismissed the show of weakness and
led him back to the house. He had wanted to explain the significance of using
a young doe, how sacrificing her was like sacrificing not only the deer
herself but all the offspring she would ever have had and how it so easily
overshadowed the offering of a mature buck. He didn't think Harry would
appreciate being told he'd simultaneously killed a potential mommy and all her
potential babies.

Non-Slytherins were funny like that.

Instead, he took Harry to the kitchen, where there were many pots and bowls
and herbs and instruments laid out. He lectured Harry on the purpose of each
of them, had him help pour the milk and blood into their specific containers,
mixed the herbs, theorized the importance of each step, and then corrected him
when he was wrong or praised him when he was right. The activity seemed to
calm Harry. Gradually, he became less pale and his hands stopped shaking.

At last, the materials were all prepared.

"I think we're ready to begin."
