# The Prince and the Moon Goddess

"Potter, stop fidgeting."

Harry threw a mutinous glance at his potion's professor. He didn't know
how the man could expect him *not*to fidget. Wizards had always seemed a
very...er... proper(?) sort of people. For all their bad taste in
fashion, one could rarely find a witch or wizard 'under dressed' or
'inappropriately revealing'.

Werewolves apparently couldn't be expected to adhere to the same
unspoken dress code. Harry had understood this when he had met Sirius
and the other werewolves, minimally clad in in leathers and furs.

Or at least he thought he had.

After two years of nothing more casual than a white button-up shirt,
Harry had habituated himself to wearing layers outside of the bed and
bathroom. Wearing only a pair of black drawstring shorts, his leather
gauntlets which held his wand, and sandals left him feeling utterly
naked, and standing in front of his potion's professor no less. Inana's
cool, smooth skin encircling his throat and chest did nothing to
distract him from that feeling.

He had been told not to wear anything else and to bring nothing but his
wand and Inana, if he chose. It was disconcerting and thrilling and in
this case a bit embarrassing. He was keenly aware that he looked scrawny
despite his Quidditch exercises and his skin was pale and unhealthy
looking from the neck down.

"Won't I get cold?" he asked, feeling strangely chilled already despite
the summer heat.

"You will be provided for, as the Dark Lord's guest, but don't make a
habit of whining about every little thing. They'll see it as a
weakness."

It had been two weeks since they had been informed of the date of the
werewolf festival, and Snape's usual criticism of everything Harry had
gradually morphed into warnings of Harry's doom at the hands (claws?
teeth?) of his future hosts. As with all things Snape, Harry took it all
with a healthy dose of indifference and skepticism.

There was a loud pop, and an unfamiliar wizard appeared on the road.
After a moment, there were several more pops and more wizards, and
amongst them was Voldemort himself. The Sentinels were all dressed in
their usual uniforms, but there was nothing usual about the Dark Lord's
attire.

He was stripped down to a pair of black leather pants, and a leather
gauntlet on each lower arm. Around his body was a length of dark cloth
that appeared black and then blood red and then forest green depending
on how the light caught it, and secured in place by a garnet brooch
inlaid with a silver serpent. He was decorated from the top of his head
to tip of bare foot with ornaments of bones, tooth, leather, and
feathers. In his hand, he held a spear in place of his wand, ashen white
with symbols burned into it and armed with an obsidian spearhead. Nagini
lay at his feet, coiling loosely around one of his ankles so that he
might slip from her grasp easily enough.

*Shaman*.

The word flitted through him, not from his mind, but deeper to the part
of him he knew belonged to the Earth.

He scampered ahead, while Snape followed more leisurely behind, eager to
leave and face his fears and see his godfathers and whatever magic
werewolves practiced. Voldemort greeted him with a patient indulgence,
ruffling his hair when he came close. Without warning, he plucked off
Harry's glasses and handed them Snape.

"These won't survive where we're going," he said, and Snape pocketed
them and waited. "How are you, Severus?"

"Very well, my Lord."

"Any problems? I trust Harry is behaving?"

"Well enough, though he takes a firm hand, like all children."

Voldemort didn't doubt Snape's ability, but he did find it a bit amusing
that the man thought he had some sort of control over his protege,
especially when said protege didn't hold back the series of nasty looks
the potion's master's comment earned him.

"No doubt you'll be enjoying your ten day reprieve. I wish I could stay
longer to talk, but I am expected soon. Good day, Severus."

"Good day, my Lord," he said dutifully.

Harry was about to say something, but his words were lost when
Voldmort's hand suddenly seized his shoulder and they apparated away.
They reappeared without the entourage in a forest Harry recognized,
despite his sudden blindness. The scent of it all was familiar to Harry,
warm and sweet and earthy all at once, and the birds and insects sang
out in a familiar tuneless song. A few paces away, he could make out a
glowing green line in the shadows of the trees marking off the border of
the werewolf territory.

Voldemort took a moment to gather up Nagini, who flickered her tongue
curiously, but was otherwise limp and sedate. Inana reared up and flared
her hood as they became more level, but the larger serpent merely
chuckled mockingly. The Dark Lord smirked.

"Come along, Harry, they are expecting us."

They passed through the barrier effortlessly, and once inside a feeling
of being watched came over the young Gryffindor. He scanned the
surrounding vegetation, but heard and saw nothing.

"*They are there*," Inana reassured him. "*I can*taste*them.*"

Voldemort nodded.

"Low level pack members only. They are here to alert their alpha when we
arrive, and too timid to show themselves."

Try as he might, Harry could find none of them, although he felt their
presence as they walked the two miles to the werewolf commune. Voldemort
held light conversation with him along the way. He was appraised of
Healer Meldwich's research and the progress that had been made in
deciphering the limits of Parseltongue-to-English and vice versa
translation.

"Healer Meldwich is an idiot," Harry said at last. "He goes on and on
about how little a snake can understand in comparison with a human, but
that's a lot less than what a snake understands that a human can't. He
never listens to me when I try to explain this. Just bushes it off as
unimportant or changes the subject. If you ask me, Hagrid understands
animals a hundred times better than Meldwich ever will."

Voldemort started, but he recovered so quickly Harry didn't even notice.

"And who is this Hagrid?"

"He's... a sort of magical creature enthusiast. He takes care of the
really big or dangerous or troublesome animals, and not just the snakes.
He's raising a clutch of Irish Blue dragons and a unicorn, and he showed
me how to ride a Hippogriff. I don't care how educated all those healers
*think* they are, Hagrid's the one that got it right. Well... except for
this odd idea that all creatures, especially dangerous ones, are all
misunderstood babies, but... well every wizard seems to have his
quirks."

It had been years since the Dark Lord had heard the name Rubeus Hagrid,
and he could still recall him both as a boy and a man with this extreme
love of any creature with a nasty disposition. He wasn't quite sure what
had made him spare the oaf, for he was an abomination and worse yet, an
idealistic and na√Øve one. Ah well, he was harmless.

They continued to chat for another twenty minutes, when the sound of
people caught their attention. They crossed a narrow creek and found a
road of compact earth, along which was the occasional man or woman or
child bedecked in leathers, ivory, and fur. The werewolves all paused
when they spotted the two, and bowed low when they passed and didn't
look up until they were well ahead of them. Harry squirmed under their
reverence and hoped none of it was directed at him.

At the end of the road, the werewolf commune appeared as a crowded mass
of merchants, buyers, musicians, dancers, fighters, and riotous
children. Many of the werewolves were painted with bright blue or red
paint, some with runes, others with celestial symbols, and even more
with shapes that seemed to signify some sort of status or occupation.
The air was thick with the smell of cooking meats and somewhere a
fiddler played a dancing tune over the merchants hawking their wares and
the snarls of two young men boxing bare-fisted in a tight circle of
spectators.

Harry tried to take it all in at once, but the commune was too crowded
and quick and his vision too lousy to keep track of one thing let alone
all of it. He was spared his dizzying assessment by the arrival of
Fenrir Greyback. The Alpha was just as monstrously large and
intimidating as Harry remembered him, and even Voldemort's solid
presence couldn't keep Harry from retreating a few steps at his
approach. The werewolf, dressed similarly to Voldemort, but for a sword
rather than a staff and a fur of bright red in place of the shimmery
tartar. Behind him followed some half a dozen other werewolves,
attendants of some sort. Greyback's yellow eyes lingered on Harry's
petite form for an intense moment, before he turned his attention to
Voldemort. The two men, kings in their own right, greeted each other as
friends and embraced as best the man eating snake between them would
allow.

"Greetings to you, Lord of Snakes," Fenrir said in his growling rumble.
"Arrangements for your stay have all been prepared. We are glad to have
you. The moon will be in a powerful alignment this year."

"It is good to be here, Lord of Wolves. And yes, I have done the
calculations as well. The signs are promising."

The two men turned away from their entourage and began walking towards
the Western end of the grounds, discussing astrological alignments and
goddesses and pack politics and various others things Harry could make
neither head nor tails of. He hung back with the troupe that had
accompanied Greyback to meet them, and noted that a few of them were
familiar. Athena, for one, who now carried a young infant in a sling on
her back, and snarled at all who crowded too close to her and her
fragile charge. Also Jackal, who flashed a hungry grin at him, before
turning his attentions to a lanky female.

He was looking for his godfathers, but they still managed to take him by
surprise. One moment he was scanning the crowd around a fighting circle,
and the next he was seized by either arm and practically carried away.

"Prongslet! Fancy seeing you here!" Remus greeted.

"And without your robes on. How scandalous!" Sirius laughed.

They pulled him along so quickly, that he was dragged clear out of sight
before either Dark Lord or Alpha could be notified, let alone interfere.
Harry pondered any potential trouble be might be in later, and dismissed
it in favor of playing with his family.

"Oh, no, I've been abducted! You're not going to eat me, are you? I'm
terribly bony. You might choke."

"Well, since you aren't very appetizing," Remus said, looking
thoughtful, "we could initiate you into our pack. What do you say?"

"Would I get to stay up late?"

Sirius and Remus laughed and released him, letting him follow them
behind a tent. There a girl, no older than Ginny, sat surrounded by
buckets of red and blue paint. Both his godfathers bowed respectfully to
her, and she gave them a distracted smile and gestured toward a stool in
front of her. Harry took it as an invitation or possibly a gentle
command and sat.

"Harry, this is Luna Moonshine," Remus introduced, "She's... ah... she's
a ?"

"I'm a goddess," Luna offered, "A minor one."

He blinked at her, and couldn't help but stare. She was very pale, but
not from ill health, for she glowed just as Hagrid's unicorn had with
implacable and incorruptible magic. Stone beads of every color were
woven into her pale yellow hair, and dangled from her ears and her neck
and arms and just about anywhere her skin was bare enough to be
decorated. A cloth of the same material as Voldemort had worn was
wrapped around her body in a tunic and held together with crescent moons
carved of ivory. Pale blue eyes stared at him and though him and beyond
him not with intensity, but a sort of benevolent indifference.

He did not doubt her claim for a moment.

"She acts as a conduit for her mother, the Moon Goddess, during the
festival. She will paint your markings to describe your position in the
Moon Goddess' favor," Sirius explained and gestured at the red triangles
running up each of his arms and the thick red stripe that ran from his
forehead to his navel. "These mean 'leader' and 'equally balanced'."

Remus' were different. His markings were blue and covered only the right
side of his body, consisting of three bands around his arm and a series
of interlocking loops from the tip of his toe to the top of his shoulder
and down his back again.

"Mine mean 'mediator' and 'faithful'."

Harry nodded and turned back to Luna, who had already selected a bucket
of red paint and was sorting through a variety of brushes. Having made
her selections, she gently unwound Inana from his neck and placed her
around her own, and the serpent went without protest.

"You are many things," she began, lifting her paint laden brush to sweep
over his eyelids. "Your present is composed not only of your past, but
of your future. Your future defines your past. Your past reveals your
future. Your life is composed of destiny."

She was silent for a long moment, concentrating on the mask-like band of
red she was creating over his eyes. Every so often she would pause to
blow the paint dry, and Harry could feel magic in her breath, tingling
like pins and needles. When he could open his eyes, his vision was
perfectly clear.

"You are many things, more than destiny too. King and usurper. Truth
seeker and conspirator. Soldier and ambassador. Earth and Heaven. In all
things defiant. In all things defined."

Her brush moved from his face to his neck, and he opened his eyes to
watch. Luna was looking beyond him, looking to something he could only
sense as the faintest touch of cool air at the base of his neck. Yet
Inana was alert and focused on him, her majestic indifference replaced
by a sort of fascination. Harry could not begin to guess what she made
of all this. It might well be that she understood these symbols and
Luna's words far better than he did. As a Queen of the Nile, she held
some claim to the divine herself.

"Do you have any questions?" she asked, moving down to paint over his
nipple. He felt himself darken with embarrassment and tried to think of
something distract himself.

"What is my destiny?" he said, though truthfully such a thing struck him
as bit absurd.

"To succeed or to fail."

"To succeed or to fail in what?"

"Too soon for that," she said, moving along. She stopped for a moment,
and looked him in the eyes. It was very brief, but for a split second
her unfocused gaze found his and there was a sort of kindness. Or was it
pity? "You will discover it on your own, but it is not a destiny to be
shared. Even I have not been told."

And he said no more and she said no more, and behind them Sirius and
Remus guarded their privacy and shared concerned looks over this latest
non-revelation. Luna worked steadily, but even so it took her almost an
hour to complete her painting. Unlike his godfather's markings, his were
not simple or easily defined, but a true piece of art. In the Celtic
style, a dragon twisted and knotted its way up his right arm and a lion
mirrored the pattern up his left, while a circle with an unfamiliar
design rested over the center of his chest and a similar yet different
symbol rested on his back. Finally, she painted a tiny little 'L' on his
right pointer finger and then kissed it.

"She calls you Twilight Seeker, searching for truth in the light of day
and the dark of night, but never becoming one or the other," the strange
little goddess said, smiling, and her eyes suddenly very definitely
focused on him. "But I shall call you Harry."

Heat blossomed from his cheeks and headed in every direction, darkening
his skin like a evil storm cloud of embarrassment. He had thought
Natalie very bold in her attentions at times, but even Natalie hadn't
been so brazen as to paint her initials on him!

"Ah... I.. um... er... thank you?"

She laughed, and it sounded the same as the beads clacking together as
she moved. Water and moonlight over stones. And somewhere the fiddler
had been joined by a flute, and Luna leaped to her feet. She twirled
around him, and with infinite grace replaced Inana around his neck and
danced away. Harry could only sit and stare after her, befuddled,
charmed, and embarrassed all at once.

A pinch to his cheek drew him out of his stupor.

"Ouch!"

Sirius laughed.

"Oh, if only your father could see this. His little Prongslet picking up
girls. Ha ha!"

"Hey, I was not! I have no idea what just happened!" he protested, his
face becoming even darker.

Remus wasn't at all helpful.

"I believe the muggle equivalent is 'she gave you her number'."

He took Harry's hand, dangled the besmirched finger in front of his
eyes. Harry quickly took his hand back and sat on it, scowling at the
both of them.

"You're both being stupid! Why would a goddess flirt with a twelve year
old?"

Sirius was grinning, so pleased by the turn of events and even more
amused. Luna was an odd duck, there was no doubt about it, but she was
beautiful and gentle and seemingly unreachable. Yet there she went,
reaching out to his godson herself.

"A goddess wouldn't," Remus said, smacking Sirius upside the head when
it appeared his musing were taking control of his reality. "But Luna is
also a girl."

Harry gave him a confused look. Remus took pity.

"How to explain it? Well, lets just say that before Luna became a
werewolf, she was completely normal... er... completely human, I mean.
It wasn't until after she was bitten that she was able to commune with
the Moon Goddess. Just like Sirius and I are part wolf and part human,
so too is Luna part girl and part spirit."

"Guess which part likes you?" Sirius leered.

Harry petulantly ignored him. Seeing their godson's mood quickly
souring, they dropped it for the time being, though there would be a
more serious discussion between themselves when they were alone. They
might be making fun, but the love of a goddess wasn't anything to snub,
and could have serious implications later in the festival. Before that
though, they had to properly prepare Harry for what he would see and do
while there and what dangers to look out for.

"Come on, Seeker," the darker werewolf called, slapping his shoulder to
get him up and following. "We need to get you some proper clothes. It
wouldn't do to have my godson walking around looking like a weirdo."

"You're one to talk!"

Sirius just laughed and walked on, knowing both his mate and pup would
follow.

---

Voldemort and Fenrir had reached the Dark Lord's temporary domicile, a
large tent lavishly decorated without a trace of magical illusion, when
they finally noticed the absence of Harry. The serpent king felt a vague
thrill of alarm, but his host just let out an annoyed grunt.

"Blackbone, that over grown fox," the alpha muttered.

Voldemort's alarm was now replaced with irritation. He had wanted Harry
with him during the ritual preparations of the Marking and the Naming,
and to ensure that all the werewolves present saw the boy with him and
knew not to handle the human child too roughly. Yet the boy's godfather
had run off with him. He was thinking very seriously about laying a
curse on Sirius Black.

He passed the next couple of hours cleansing his tent with incense to
entice spirits that associated themselves with the night, more
specifically night times spirits that were affected by the cycles of the
moon. Bird, insect, and flower spirits were the most common, and the
weakest, yet they still had their uses. As did the demons, but he would
need more than incense to entice those clever creatures into his claws.

From a particularly chatty dragon fly spirit he learned his ward had
visited the child goddess and priestess Luna, and had been granted his
pack name. Yet for all the spirit's cleverness it couldn't tell
Voldemort what markings Harry had received, for dragonflies understood
little about art or abstracts. The Mona Lisa would have held about as
much meaning as a stop sign to it.

An owl spirit informed him that the boy was already mingling with some
of the pack's children by starting a game of football. The boys, though
the same age, were larger than Harry and leery at first of playing too
roughly with stranger of some mysterious rank, yet Harry was more than
up for some rough housing. He fought over the ball savagely, and though
he was knocked over several times, he didn't whine once and leaped right
back into the game. Two adult male werewolves were refereeing the match,
one urging more playing and less fighting and the other urging the exact
opposite.

The owl understood abstractions, but all of the boys had been half
covered in mud from their play and Harry was no exception.

Voldemort had no sooner decided to let the child be and meditate on
greater powers when the boy appeared at the entrance of his tent. He was
dirty, bruised, and looked roguish with his tattoo-like markings. The
Dark Lord gave him a thorough once over, unsure of what to make of them.
The dragon and lion tattoos were easily enough to interpret, but the
symbol for 'heaven' on the boy's chest was a bit baffling.

"I'm sorry I wandered off," Harry offered politely, though not the least
bit contrite.

"No doubt. You seem to be enjoying yourself. The packs are treating you
well?"

"Yeah, they're pretty normal accept for being half naked and all."

Voldemort's mouth twitched in amusement.

"Go to the creek we crossed earlier and wash up. There will be feast in
a short while and I want you looking presentable while eating beside
me."

"Yes, my Lord."

Harry disappeared, revealing the symbol for 'earth' on his back as he
went, but a moment later he returned.

"Um, my Lord... do you have a pack name?"

Voldemort's smile was all teeth and malicious glee.

"Why yes. They call me God Eater."

---

Harry hadn't felt so excited since he'd gotten his wand and a whole
world of possibilities, most beyond his imagination, had opened up to
him. Now amongst a people, at once alike and utterly alien to his own,
he felt yet another world opened, if not a door, a window through which
he could see clearly. He found himself rushing from place to place,
conversation to conversation, idea to idea, and soaking it all up
without stopping to consider.

He knew if he stopped and thought about any of what was happening around
him, he would be afraid. The werewolves were not as savage as most
witches and wizards thought, but they were by no means gentle. They were
hunters and gathers, as untamed as the land and its creatures. Adults
and children alike were quick tempered, prone to bullying, to teasing,
to testing for weaknesses.

Harry had to act assertive, more than would have been tolerated among
more 'civilized' company. He could not stop to think about his chances
of winning a fight against one boy or whether that particular woman
expected him to pay for the meat she offered him. He had to throw
punches and accept them and get up and eat and run away before the woman
noticed he was done. If a strange girl dragged him off to a dance he
didn't know, he would just have to do the best he could until he figured
it out. If a strange man snapped at him, he had to dodge rather than
freeze.

These instincts came naturally, from out of no where, and as Harry
finally had a quiet moment to think about it, he though it might be due
to Luna.

*"Do you think she... I dunno... blessed me?"* he asked Inana, as he
washed, knee deep in the creek. The cobra was sunning herself on a near
by rock, and hadn't paid much attention to him after his meeting with
Luna.

*"Probably,"* came the disinterested reply.

*"Am I her boyfriend now?"*

Inana snorted. Feeling stupid for asking, he concentrated on his washing
for a long time. The mud came off easily, but the paint remained
completely unaffected, as it would until a special oil was used to
remove it at the end of the festival. When he was done, he sat down on a
rock beside Inana and waited to dry enough to dress.

A sudden awareness of *presence* filtered through to his senses, much
like it had when he'd first entered the werewolf territory, and he
quickly threw on his shorts and stood up to look around.

Fenrir Greyback stood some twenty feet behind him, his expression dark
and unreadable. Harry found his eyes riveted to the alpha's bright
yellow gaze, but then realized such an act was considered a challenge to
a werewolf and looked away. The werewolf king stepped forward. Harry
stepped back.

"Don't run," Greyback growled, "If you run, I'll have to chase you, and
you won't like it when I catch you."

Harry froze and the werewolf closed the space between them. The young
Gryffindor struggled with himself not to look the man in the eyes, not
to run, not to fidget, not to do anything other than stand straight,
motionless, and staring straight ahead (which was left him level to the
head of the skinned animal and its empty eye holes).

"Don't wet yer self, pup, I only wanted 'ta see for myself."

The alpha grabbed his arm, relatively gentle considering he could have
ripped it out of its socket, to inspect the lion, and then took the
other to inspect the dragon. He spun Harry around to look at the symbol
for 'Earth' on his back, and finally released him once his curiosity was
satisfied.

"Luna's doing, then?"

Harry nodded.

"Your name?"

"Ha- I mean, 'Twilight Seeker'."

Greyback grimaced.

"Awful name for a werewolf."

"I'm not a werewolf," he blurted, and wished he hadn't. The man glared
at the boy, but he already looked contrite so there was no point in
smacking him and he let it slide.

"True enough. Pity too. Luna doesn't take to very many, and never a
man," Greyback said offhandedly. "Are you afraid of her?"

Harry looked up at him in surprise, then looked away quickly again.

"No... should I be?"

"Yes."

Greyback didn't elaborate. He walked off and within seconds disappeared
completely. Harry didn't try to call back, despite the many new
questions he bad left behind on his brief visit. Why should he be afraid
of Luna? Why didn't Luna get along with others? Had she done something
that had scared the others? He didn't ask, and if it meant spending
another minute in Greyback's dangerous company then he'd rather not
know.

---

The feast took place outside in a large clearing, with a series of low
tables laid out in a spiral, at the center of which a stage had been
built for performances. There were no chairs, but furs and pillows had
been laid on the ground so that everyone might sit or recline
comfortably. Greyback sat closest to the stage, with his wife and brood
of young but fierce looking offspring to his right, and Voldemort to his
left. Harry was placed next to Voldemort, though he was allowed to
wander to other places since he was still too young to be bound to the
etiquette of rank.

He found himself near his godfathers more often than not, listening to
their wild tales and meeting their equally wild friends and associates.
Yet even they couldn't hold his attention all night, and he found the
company of children closer to his age alluring. They had seen him
sitting fearlessly beside Voldemort, and were eager to hear about the
Dark Lord and Harry's mysterious position by his side. Harry couldn't
define the relationship exactly, but he was amused enough by their
fixation that he told them he was Voldemort's apprentice and deemed it
accurate enough in his own mind.

Eating was a very small part of the festivities, though it was all as
lavish as any Hogwarts' banquet. There were succulent meats of every
kind, some Harry had never tried before and still some he had never even
heard of before, prepared in a variety of manners- barbequed, baked,
broiled, boiled, roasted, grilled, fried, stewed, seasoned, unseasoned,
stuffed, shredded, whole, minced, curred, and raw. More surprising was
the array of breads and fruits and vegetables available as well. Some of
the berries and unusual roots were clearly gathered from the surrounding
forest and gardens, and some of them held magical properties (or else
got everyone thoroughly drunk very quickly), but just as common were
imported items from other countries. Pineapples, oranges, lemons,
peanuts, seaweed, rice, and various other non-native foods. When he had
asked, Voldemort had told him that werewolves permitted to do business
directly with muggles, and much of their monetary wealth came from
acting as middlemen between muggles and wizards. Despite their
unassuming dress and lifestyle, the werewolves were actually quite rich.

Or at least Greyback was. There was a heavy tax on the trade, which went
to the alpha to determine how it might best be used to benefit *all*
werewolves.

Still, the food played a minor role, serving only to satiate and
energize those gathered for what followed. There was a tournament for
wrestlers and another for boxers and still another for knife fighters
(and there were almost as many women involved as men), all of which were
fought in one round and were to be continued the next evening after the
winners had rested and tended their wounds. Then there had been
performances; dances, singing of ballads, acrobatics, fire jugglers, and
a comedian who had Harry choking on his food.

It had lasted long into the night, and at some point Harry had leaned
back into his pillows and nodded off. His dreams were strange,
disjointed and abstract, filled with unfamiliar symbols and
half-familiar places.

At one point, he dreamed of Luna, completely naked but for Inana wrapped
around her shoulders, dancing on something that mirrored the
three-quarter moon and the stars, but not Luna herself, who shone
brighter than all of them. She danced and swayed and raised her arms to
the sky and lowered them to his cheek, his eyes, his mouth.

When he woke up the next morning, he was exactly where he had fallen
asleep, on a mound of pillows not far from the stage. What was not
exactly the same was Luna curled up sleep beside him.

Completely naked.

---

Author's note: Firstly, yes, Luna Moonshine is Luna Lovegood. With a
name like 'Luna' I don't know how she didn't end up a werewolf in
Rowling's stories. Secondly, no, she did not have sex with Harry. She
just has no sense of modesty or propriety.
