# The Prince and the Wolves

"It's nothing to be embarrassed about."

Harry gave Sirius a look that screamed teenhood was well on its way, along
with the belief that all adults were idiots. Waking up next to a strange naked
girl alone was awkward and embarrassing enough. Waking up next to a strange
naked girl and having several hundred people there to see it as well, meant
that the world was quickly coming to an end. He would never be able to look
anyone in the face again.

So he had left, quickly and quietly, without waking Luna or a majority of the
werewolves. Voldemort was nowhere in sight, but Greyback was, and though he
didn't bother getting up from the comfortable pile of bodies he was lounging
against, his yellow eyes followed Harry's retreat intently. The boy couldn't
go far though, knowing he couldn't leave the territory and completely
unfamiliar with the terrain. His godfathers had found him early, and sensing
his anxiety, had taken him deep into the forest to talk and think in private.

"Look, Harry, it's just a werewolf thing. I've woken up several times next to
naked people and not remembered how... in fact, I *was* the naked person on
several occasions," Sirius supplied unhelpfully.

Remus slapped him upside the head, and tried himself.

"What the big idiot is trying to say, Harry, is that no one is going to think
it was odd or sexual or anything like that. Luna just had one of her...
'conversations' with the Goddess that inspired a good dance- which is too bad
you missed because it was really something- and then was exhausted afterwards.
She might have laid down anywhere, but it just happened to be beside you.
Nothing to get embarrassed about. Alright?"

"Mmm."

Harry never really considered himself a sulker, and found the behavior
extremely annoying in others, but try as he might he couldn't stop thinking
about that morning and since none of his thoughts were particularly happy he
wasn't either.

Sirius sighed.

"Harry, you can't stay out here forever. You're going to have to return
eventually and face this. You'll just get teased more if you run away."

"I'm not running away!" Harry snapped, pride prickling. "I'm just trying to
figure this out. I mean, how am I suppose to act? What is Luna gonna do? What
does she expect? Why does she even like me? And what about the others? How are
they gonna act to some outsider running around with their *goddess?* I mean,
isn't that kind of... taboo? Or something?"

Sirius waved it off as insignificant.

"She won't be goddess for much longer. The fact she's showing you attention is
just a symptom of that. She'll just be a regular girl soon."

"What?"

"Luna's divinity is fleeting," Remus supplied, "Once she... ah, becomes a
'woman'. Then her body becomes her own to do what she will, and the goddess
inhabiting her body will move on. Treat her like you would any other girl. I
imagine that's all she wants. She wants a boy, who hasn't looked at her as
goddess all her life, to treat her like a regular girl."

Harry thought on Remus' words, found that they fit, and aside from the
embarrassment of that morning, they cured most of his worries. He could be
friends with a girl. He had several girlfriends...er... girls who were friends
already.

"Will Greyback be alright with that?" he found himself saying, recalling the
alpha's intent gaze that morning and the day before at the stream. "I mean...
even if she isn't a goddess, she's still a werewolf of his pack right? Like a
niece or a cousin twice removed or something? I know he doesn't like wizards
any... except for Voldemort of course, but he's... well...Voldemort."

Sirius and Remus shared a look, and Harry caught it easily and frowned.

"What? What did I say?"

Remus looked away, and Sirius stood up and paced, trying to think of what he
wanted to say. It made Harry nervous.

"Yes..." Sirius said darkly, "He *is* Voldemort. You have nothing to fear *if*
Voldemort doesn't allow it."

The hatred in his godfather's voice was earth shaking. Not even Greyback had
earned that depth of venom and scorn. It brought back to mind that Sirius and
Remus were a part of Greyback's pack, not as an eccentric lifestyle choice,
but as a punishment for treason. Treason against the Dark Lord that had
overthrown everything they had known, likely killed friends and family, chased
his own family from their native land, and whom they had risked their lives to
fight against.

And Harry had spent Christmas with him.

A great unease came over the young Gryffindor, a fear of what his godfather's
must have heard about him and Voldemort, and what they thought of him because
of it. He wondered what they would have thought if they knew the entire truth
of what happened between them since that fateful meeting at the Welcoming
Feast.

They hadn't accused him of anything, hadn't even asked, and he had naively
assumed it wasn't important to them. But now Sirius was pacing, and Remus was
looking anywhere but at Harry, and this was obviously something that *was*
important to them.

After an awkward silence, Sirius spoke again, this time more calmly and
looking directly at his godson.

"Harry... are you alright?"

The boy was baffled.

"I mean, are you alright with your situation? Are you unhappy or... scared?
Does he treat you well? Does he make sure you are treated well by others?"

Harry fidgeted. He wasn't entirely sure how he should answer that, but he
didn't want his godfather to hate him. What did he want to hear? That Harry
was safe and happy and perfectly content with his excellent education, his new
clothes, his chance to see his godfathers? That he was miserable, frightened,
and hated the Dark Lord for trapping him in his own private library of lies
where curses and monsters lurked in the aisles? Neither was true, neither was
false, but his shelves were starting to creak under the weight of his
falsehoods so he told the truth.

"I suppose I'm... happy and unhappy and scared and excited and... I dunno.
There are some things I don't like... like having to lie all the time..
because I do you know. I have to lie to everyone, even you, even when I really
don't want to. And I don't like living with Snape, cause he's a crotchety old
bat..."

Remus' lips twitched, but Sirius remained oddly stoic.

"And some of the things I've seen Voldemort do... I hate it. He frightens
me... but also... I sort of... he's shown me *other* things. Not all of it was
bad. He showed me about where magic comes from and he gave me Elsbeth and this
really neat compass thingy and let me write to you and visit this summer and I
love all of that, so I'm grateful too. And the school, oh I love Hogwarts,
even though it frightens me sometimes, just like Voldemort does. I have these
great friends, and they're all so clever and interesting and brave in their
own ways. We have so many adventures, and not just those little kiddy
adventures you pretend to have when your small, but real, dangerous adventures
that get to be put in books and newspaper articles. And Quidditch! I love
flying in Quidditch! And Dueling Club too, even though Ron the Prat got
selected as Junior Captain because of that bastard Snape. But... yeah. I guess
I'm happy, except when I'm not. But everyone is like that, aren't they?"

Sirius said nothing for a long moment, simply staring down at Harry and
weighing his words, his body language, and his scent in equal measure to
discern the truth in that jumble. It was his duty and his privilege to protect
his best friends' son, and not the law, his alpha, a Dark Lord, or Harry's own
reluctance to worry him would get in the way of that. Yet he could sense
nothing amiss. His godson, despite his admittance of being a liar, was being
completely honest at the moment.

Yet, Sirius still felt ill at ease.

"Yes, I suppose that's true... but things can go bad real quick, especially
when you're surrounded by powerful and arrogant people like Voldemort and his
Death Eaters. Remus and I, we've been thinking long and hard about it, and we
wanted you to have a way out if you had to or if you simply decided to."

Harry's eyes widened.

"A way out? Of what?"

Sirius hesitated, but Remus gave him a reassuring look and nodded at him to
continue. They both looked around intently for a moment, wary of spies despite
the unlikelihood of anyone sneaking up on the two lycanthropes.

"Out of Britain. If things turn ugly, you'll have to leave the country all
together. There's no where safe here, if the Dark Lord turns on you..."

Harry felt a shiver run up his spine. He knew that wasn't true. There was
nowhere safe *anywhere* if the Dark Lord turned on him. No where on an Earth
that loved him more than anyone else.

Sirius gave him a sympathetic look, and continued.

"Anyway, I have a house, or rather I *had* a house. It's probably half rotted
away by now, but it's under a spell so that no one can find it unless I want
them to. I want you to know it. If you ever need a secret place to stay, go
there, and no one will ever be able to find you. I have a wizarding friend
I've managed to give some items to. If you get to the house, look in the ice
box, and you'll find everything you need to get to Europe, including a list of
some people that would be willing to take you in, old friends of your parents
as well as some of my own."

Harry could only stare at his godfather. It was true he had thought about
possibly escaping Britain before, but that was a long time ago before Hogwarts
had become a home and before he had made himself a sort of family. Now the
thought of leaving was sad, terrifying, and lonely.

But if things went bad like Sirius said, they would go *very* bad, and wasn't
it better to have a last resort than no options at all?

"Okay. What should I do if I... have to leave?"

Sirius sighed in relief, and gave him his plan.

---
---

After the revelry of the day and night before, morning in the werewolf
settlement was relatively lethargic. Many of the pack had moved from the
feasting area to the shade of a tree or a tent to nap or do some mundane task
in the shade. Fenrir Greyback was no exception. He and his entire family had
moved tp their private lodge.

Among them was Luna.

She did not have a lodging of her own, nor anywhere she stayed regularly, but
of the places she liked best she supposed her alpha's home was it. It was
crowded, dark, and smelled of earthy things. The children were napping
upstairs, so it was less crowded, but that was good too because she needed to
think.

Most people who watched her at all, thought all she ever did was think, but
the opposite was true. Very little of Luna's mind was devoted to considering
herself or her environment at all. Of course, as a goddess, she never had to
figure things out. She just *knew*. Most of the time anyway.

Today she *didn't* know something, and now she had to think about it. It was
quite a wonderful experience. Full of strange emotions like uncertainty,
frustration, and wonder.

It was almost enough to make her get up and pace, but Athena was sitting
behind her on the kitchen bench, brushing her hair. That was wonderful too.
Funny how she had never realized it before. The alpha female's rough,
calloused hands threading through strands of hair, easing the knots away at
the barest touch, and singing the only lullaby she knew.

"I'd put my own sweet childie to rest... In a cradle of gold... In the bough
of a willow... To the *sholuen sho* of the wind of the west..."

It was slow and peaceful and so full of affection, and Luna felt herself
giving as well as accepting it all for once.

"And the *lullo-a-lo *of the soft sea-lil-low... Sleep, baby dear... Sleep
without fear... Mother is here, beside your pillow..."

Athena stopped for a moment, undoubtedly surprised, but a moment later she
joined in and they sang together.

"Sleep, baby dear... Sleep without fear... Mother is here, beside your
pillow..."

This was the happiest Luna had ever felt since she'd become a werewolf and a
goddess. In fact, it was perhaps the *only* thing she had ever truly felt for
herself.

And it all started with Harry.

Oh, it wasn't *because* of Harry. This transformation was inevitable, and she
understood that, but it had begun with the boy. That strange boy with the
pretty eyes and the proud mouth and the fearless body and that secret fate. It
had to have been the secret that made her feel this way. Nothing had ever been
kept a secret from her before. Even when she prodded her mother for answers,
the secret remained.

She had felt curiosity, and that in itself was curious, and thus this feeling
of self awareness had grown. Then came the awareness of others. Awareness that
some people were stronger than others, braver, more beautiful or handsome or
fierce or kind, and then that she liked certain traits better than others. She
liked the curious children more than the obedient ones, and the women who
smiled over the ones who were more beautiful, and the men who laughed more
than they fought.

She liked Harry most of all, she thought. He was curios about everything,
smiled over everything, and laughed at everything. He wasn't afraid of the
pack, though he was smaller than most and smelled of prey, and reminded her
inexplicably of a young male buck. Proud, graceful, and energetic.

That's how she liked to think of him. As her 'Deer' one, and it was her first
joke, even if it were only to herself.

Her singing trailed off, her rush of thoughts suddenly just too much and she
felt herself sliding back into the all-knowing state that was the goddess.

That's when she noticed Greyback was watching her, and she knew what he was
thinking too. He was thinking about her becoming his daughter when the goddess
finally left, about Harry's hold over her, over Blackbone and Slivermoon, and
over the God Eater. He was thinking about missed opportunities and
opportunities to come. His thoughts were hot and slick like the blood she
could always smell on him when he passed close to her.

Something in her trembled, beneath the goddes, and whether it was fear or
pleasure she wasn't sure.

---
---

The days passed with sun and rain in equal measure, and Harry found himself
extremely busy and yet floundering for something to do. The werewolf boys
around his age had taken a strange sort of liking to him, which very much
resembled hate. They pranked him constantly, or tried to anyway, to see how
many tricks he would or wouldn't fall for and to see just how he might trick
them back. Harry, having the benefit of a wand and two years under the
tutelage of the Weasley twins, won out more often than not.

The girl's weren't any better, and kept teasing him for being a 'cute little
boy', kissing and pinching his cheeks, before running off in feigned terror
when chased after them. It wasn't uncommon for him to be minding his own
business, when some random girl would suddenly grab hold of him and drag him
into a dancing circle he didn't know the steps to or tossed into a wrestling
match over some one he'd never even heard of.

Sirius thought it was hilarious and slipped in a few jokes of his own. Harry
was not at all pleased to find Inana missing and then found only when several
woman came screaming out of the communal bathhouse.

He left the retaliation up to Remus though, whose experience ran decades over
Harry's paltry two years.

Their talk that morning in the forest was not mention again, and by all
appearances had never happened, but Harry recalled his instructions perfectly.
It was suppose to reassure him, he knew, but it did exactly the opposite.
Suddenly, he had a new option he had never considered before, and it was an
unpleasant choice in response to even more unpleasant possibilities. Exile or
worse, was what it boiled down to.

And yet another secret, this one he would have to keep from Voldemort and
Snape, who specialized in uncovering other people's secrets.

He wished his godfathers had said nothing.

Perhaps he *should* have put ink in their flasks.

But there was nothing for it but to distract himself. The craftsmen and women
were not secretive of their trade, and if ever he stopped to watch them work
they readily explained. The leather smiths showed him how to use every
centimeter of skin for something. The glassblower how to handle the hot glass
so it didn't shatter, and what minerals would change the colors once melted.
The weapon's smith showed him how to carve an arrowhead from obsidian, flint,
and bone. Remus taught him how to care for a bow. Sirius taught him how to
shoot with it.

Perhaps Harry's only true regret in coming to the werewolf settlement was that
he couldn't bring his sketchbook with him, for everywhere he looked there was
something he wanted so desperately to commit to paper. To make up for it, he
tried his hand at some other crafts he thought to make gifts of.

Jewelry of turquoise for Hermione, green malachite for Natalie, and red
carnelian for Ginny, all done in richly complicated patterns with the help of
several of the more vain she-wolves to offer him tips. With Sirus and Remus'
help, he was able to construct another two sets of personalized leather
gauntlets for both Clyde and Draco, and while they were at it, his godfather's
took measurements for a breastplate and leg guards for Dueling club. It turned
out to be simpler than he thought to manipulate the leather, and the only
really tricky part came when they had to varnish the leather so it would be
waterproof and stiffen to provide the intended protection without chaffing.

After a hard day of working and playing and avoiding being played with, Harry
would settle down beside Voldemort on the feasting grounds, and they would eat
and watch the stage performances and talk of the day's events. Voldemort
rarely had much to say, at least to him, but Harry suspected much of what the
Dark Lord did involved earth magic and lots of meditating.

Even as the end of the festival drew near there was still much to see and do,
and with each passing night the werewolves became more and more wild and
unpredictable. The familiar traditions of fighting and merry making were
gradually replaced with more mystical rituals. Bards that had sung of the
seasons and love and foolishness began singing of ancient legends, hunts,
sacrifices, the moon and all her many faces. The stage had been torn up and
mangled in a seemingly mad pique by several young adults, who set it alight so
that they might dance around it late into the night, singing and howling and
kissing and biting.

Tensions finally culminated with the hunt. One minute Harry and the rest of
the pack were huddled together in their shelters during an afternoon shower,
and then suddenly there was a sound from some sort of horn, and all the adult
men and women moved out into the rain and into the forest without a word.
Harry was too stunned to do anything for a moment, and when he finally
realized something was happening, he got up to follow.

He didn't make it far before Voldemort stopped him, just outside the
settlement. He did not look alarmed, but the grip he took on Harry's arm was
firm.

"This is not an affair for men," the Dark Lord said, turning his ward back
towards the shelter of the settlement. "The moon will be full tonight. You
will remain with me for the rest of our stay."

Harry seemed disappointed, but that hardly phased the man. The lycanthropes
would be at their most savage today, and tonight that savagery would peak in a
transformation of both body and mind, so he could not risk having the boy
wander the camp freely. He had seen too many interested in Harry to risk
leaving him unattended.

"I would like your help," he said, hoping to turn Harry's disappointment into
interest. It seemed to work. "I am going to set up a barrier so that we might
observe the transformation safely, and I need to prepare it before tonight."

"We're going to see that? Won't they try to kill us?"

"Hence the barrier. This will be a time of intense magical resonance, and I
intend to tap into that. You recall last winter?"

Voldemort watched interest turn into excitement at the prospect of another
round of Earth magic, and felt a stirring of enthusiasm himself. The Dark Lord
always enjoyed those brief communications between he and the Earth, but before
Harry he had never particularly cared to share the experience with anyone. Yet
here was a pupil who understood the beauty of the magic itself, and not just
the intended after affects of magical sensitivity and increases in power and
otherwise unattainable knowledge.

For the first time since they arrived, they spent their time together in
uninterrupted company. There was a brief stop at Voldemort's tent, which Harry
was startled to find full of ... *things*. At first they appeared to be little
more than random puffs of smoke, sometime in different colors and sometime
moving around, but the longer he studied them the more they seemed to take
form. In fact, if he stared at any 'puff' long enough it turned into
something. A bird. A spider. A fairy?

"They're spirits," Voldemort explained. "If you grant them enough of your
concentration, they can take more solid forms. The trick is getting them to
come near you. Communing with the Earth helps a great deal with that. Come on,
I will teach you that later."

They went back out into the rain, and into the field were a charred pile of
rubble marked the former location of the stage. The tables and cushions had
all been removed, leaving the area clear to work with.

First, Voldemort cast a spell to keep the rain out of the their work area, and
then they both worked for almost an hour scouring a fifteen by fifteen foot
area for litter and debris. Another hour was spend scouring the area clean of
impure spirits, accomplished by burning a fragrant bush of some kind. Harry
could feel the difference in the air afterwards, and marveled at how *clean*
the air felt and tasted.

At last came the barrier itself. It was not the same one they used that
winter. The outline was of two squares over-lapping each other at forty-five
degrees, creating a perfect eight pointed star. In each of the eight points
they buried a silver coin, each marked with a different rune and a moon at a
different phase.

"This is what will keep the werewolves at bay. If even one coin were
incorrectly placed, the barrier would fail."

"I've seen this before," Harry said, his brow creased in concentration. "In
arithmancy class, but I didn't realize this is what it was used for."

Voldemort smiled, pleased that the boy had made the connection.

"Arithmancy as a study arose much later than the use of the geometric patterns
themselves. The study was originally intended to explain how such symbols
worked, and later how to create new symbols for different purposes. It wasn't
until about the sixteenth century before it incorporated things like
numerology, and it's true purpose was muddled."

He let the possibilities of what he was saying sink in, and set about making
the next symbol. Octagons were hard to work in because they lent themselves
poorly to purposes outside of barriers and tended to disrupt the magic of
circles. So he drew another square first, and set the four main elements to
each side: a candle for fire, a bowl for water, a tiny sapling for earth, and
a butterfly safely ensconced in a basket for air.

"These will counteract the magical disruption *within* the barrier, without
affecting the magic of the barrier itself. Now for the hard part."

For this Harry had to wait outside the barrier, in the rain unfortunately, but
he didn't utter a peep of complaint. He simply watched intently as Voldemort
drew a circle and within that circle a pentagram, and within that pentagram a
crescent moon surrounded by some twenty or so unfamiliar symbols.

Then Harry was called back into the barrier, and together they pricked their
fingers on Voldemort's obsidian spear, and let their blood drip on to the
ground

Nothing happened.

Voldemort laughed at Harry's crestfallen look.

"Don't look so upset. We're communing with the Moon tonight, not the Earth.
She has to come out first. Come. There is still more to do."

---
---

When the werewolves all came back late that afternoon, Harry was ready to run
out and greet them, but Voldemort held him back. It was a good thing too, for
when they got closer, Harry could see they were all covered in blood.

"They've been hunting," Voldemort said, "And they will hunt again tonight.
Stay close to me, do you understand?"

Harry nodded, unable to speak as Luna, the most blood drenched of them all,
saunter past them towards the main lodge. She offered him a bloody grin as she
went, and still none of her ephemeral luminosity faded.

He stayed close to Voldemort as instructed, and even if he hadn't been told he
doubted he was brave enough to leave the powerful wizard's side. The
werewolves had become decidedly more hostile, or perhaps he was just finally
noticing how their eyes narrowed when they turned to him and how some
occasionally followed him, until an irritated sound or look from Voldemort
sent them scurrying. Even Sirius and Remus were affected. They hovered some
distance away, but always kept watch, their expressions turned humorless and
fierce.

How Voldemort remained above such hungry regard, Harry couldn't fathom, but
where ever the man went the wolves slunk away or bent to his demands, from
oldest to youngest, omega to alpha. Only Greyback was unintimidated, though he
too remained respectful.

"It's going to be a good moon tonight," Greyback growled happily. Voldemort
was 'entertaining' the Alpha in his tent briefly before nightfall, offering a
private cleansing with the same fragrant brush they'd used in the barrier. The
wild man was thrumming with energy, the blood of his most recent kill swimming
through his body and caked underneath his fingernails. "I can *feel* it."

"Yes," Voldemort agreed. "I've sensed it too."

Greyback's yellow eyes spun to Harry.

"Can he handle it?"

Voldemort didn't even bother to answer. Harry's defiant glare at the Alpha
spoke for itself.

The rest of the day passed in a tense quiet, the werewolves busy securing
their belongings from their own inevitable rampage of destruction, and
preparing places to rest and recover for the morning after. Harry and
Voldemort kept mostly to themselves, the elder teaching Harry how to give the
spirits solid shapes. The boy was still too inexperienced to hear what the
spirits said or to summon them, but even this faint relationship he formed
with them pleased the Dark Lord immensely. More and more his knowledge made
Harry closer to the Earth, and her hold over his soul strengthened.

---
---

The rain stopped well before evening, and the clouds retreated to the south,
leaving the sky clear for the rest of the night. The only two humans in the
settlement went to the barrier an hour before sunset, and half an hour before
the packs swarmed into the clearing like ants. The barrier was already active,
and though they hadn't transformed yet, no one but Harry and Voldemort
themselves were able to enter their fifteen ft² of space.

And that was a very good thing, because even before their shift, the
werewolves were thrumming with latent violence. Fights broke out everywhere,
between aggravated males, females savagely guarding their children, and the
children bullying each other, and were suppressed even more violently by the
pack alphas. Around their barrier, several men and women were pacing, and
Harry could feel his heart hammering against his chest.

At last the sun sunk behind the trees, and a quarter of an hour later a fat
yellow moon rose to take its place. The affect was instantaneous, and even if
Harry had been deaf and dumb, he would have known something was stirring. The
hairs on the back of his neck stood up and goosebumps shivered down his body.
The barrier beneath his feet started to glow, and a sort of humming started,
like electricity through a power line.

The *awareness* sprung up through the souls of his feet, different than
before. It was *awareness* from a different perspective, he realized. The Moon
was not the Earth, and She felt and experienced things differently.

For one, She rather enjoyed insanity.

There was plenty to go around. The *awareness* was more focused as well, and
it lingered around the mass of bending and breaking bodies crowded into the
clearing. Hundreds of cries of agony and the crunch and snap of bone, failed
to convey what it *felt* like. Harry felt as if his own body were changing,
while at the same time perfectly aware that it wasn't, and the insanity
brought on by the pain was nothing compared to the mad blood lust that soon
followed. Screams gave way to howls until every werewolf, from the tiniest pup
to the most wizen and frail called out in a deafening exaltation to the the
sky.

Harry fell to the ground, convulsing in pain and fear, every part of his body
and mind resonating and resisting the power of their savagery. But the Moon
was not finished, for no sooner than he thought he was going to die of pain,
it all retreated like tsunami back into the ocean. He lay there, wrecked and
baffled by what had happened. Weakly, he turned his head to Voldemort.

The man was still standing, though leaning heavily on his spear, expression
tight. His eyes were luminescent red as they found their way to Harry.

"Wait for it."

And it came. Gently at first, like a soft breeze, warm with affection and
tenderness. The werewolves around them shifted, feeling it as keenly as they,
their muzzles pointed fixedly on the Moon. The feeling grew stronger, becoming
joy and another jolt of *awareness*, bringing in to stark clarity all that hid
from the sun. Night birds and beasts, the shadow fae, ghosts, and most
vibrantly of all- dreams. Thousands and thousands of dreams, all with their
own unique scent and flavor, floating in the wind or caught in the boughs of
willows and the blossoms of moon flowers.

Harry lifted his hands, wiggling his fingers as a nightmare slip through them,
tingling and smelling vaguely of sulfur.

And the feeling grew and the *awareness*, spreading over wider grounds and
delving deeper into things Harry had never conceived of. Love and blood lust
and freedom from fear found in bondage to rage and the Earth sighing
blissfully under the Moon's passionate touch.

The werewolves knew only a fraction of it, but that was enough to have them
trembling with power and need. Quickly, they dispersed, forming into smaller
packs to scour the surrounding forest for food and enemies, in the back of
their primeval minds the Moon ran Her fingers through their fur affectionately
and urged them on.

At last, the field was empty of all but handful of females with pups too young
to follow and...

Luna.

Harry knew her immediately. Of all the werewolves, she was the most beautiful.
Brilliant white with silver eyes that stared with curiosity rather than hunger
as she trotted towards the barrier. He was *aware* of her, and yet he was only
aware of her enough know that she was hiding from his *awareness.* She was not
open like the other werewolves or the rest of the world or Voldemort who was
now as keenly interested in her approach as Harry was. Still, she was so
beautiful, and his body hummed with the special love the Moon felt for its
daughter.

He sat up, swooned a bit, but managed to climb to his hands and knees and
crawled a bit closer to meet her at the barrier's edge. He watched her sniff
at the ground, the air, huff in annoyance, then trot away, circling the
perimeter.

"What is she doing?" he asked.

"I don't know."

Voldemort was uneasy. Harry could feel it through their connection, not as
deep or loving as it was in the Earth Circle, but clear and telling just the
same. Luna was a goddess after all, and despite his pack name, Voldemort
wasn't entirely sure he could defeat her while she was in her most powerful
form on the second most powerful moon of the year.

This uncertainty should have bothered Harry, but he was finding it hard to
concentrate on anything other than how beautiful and graceful Luna looked as
she circled. At last she stopped and sat down in front of Harry and waited. He
smiled at her. She smiled back, and that made Harry laugh riotously. Luna just
kept smiling and wagging her tail, asking to play, and Harry wanted to.

Everything was tilted and skewed. The word 'lunatic' stumbled through his
brain like an answer searching for a mystery to solve.

Was that what was happening? Was the Moon driving him insane?

It must be, because he was crawling closer to the barrier's edge to Luna,
reaching out towards her.

"Harry, stop."

It took a moment for Harry to realize it was Voldmort who had spoken, which
was funny, because he was supposed to be *aware* of him, but the only thing in
his attention was Luna who he wasn't *aware* of at all. His didn't stop,
possibly wasn't able to, and his hand touched fur and sunk deep into it. It
wasn't very soft, but it was thick and warm and so bright against the dark of
his skin.

Luna just kept smiling at him as he ran his hand over her shoulder, her neck,
her ears which were the softest part, and finally towards her face. She
nuzzled his hand affectionately, her mouth opening to lick his palm, to nibble
gently with her great white-

Voldemort's hands pulled him away harshly, and Luna snapped after the
retreating hand. She snarled when Harry moved completely out of range,
snapping and clawing angrily at the air. Gone was the playful pup, and in her
place raged a scorned goddess. The barrier rippled under the force of her
magic, and the Dark Lord spun quickly to defile the crescent moon symbol with
the obsidian head of his spear and draw a new one. Dazed and finally
frightened, Harry could only shuffle out of the man's way until it was
complete. Immediately, the barrier strengthened and cackled with renewed
magic, causing Luna to yelp and retreat a ways.

Voldemort and Harry could only stare at one another and wonder what had just
happened.

---
---

Harry arrived at the house shortly after noon. He was bone tired, and wanted
nothing more than to take a real shower and go to sleep till the beginning of
the school year. He dragged himself up the gravel path to the house, a satchel
full of souvenirs slung over his shoulder that felt like it was full of
bricks. The front door was lock when he tried it. Unsurprising since he was a
day earlier than expected.

The full moon had left everyone exhausted and several injured, which meant the
festivities were officially over. Voldemort hadn't wanted to linger after
Luna's botched attempt at turning Harry into a werewolf, and told Greyback as
much. The Alpha couldn't really argue, although even Harry could tell he was
disappointed that the young goddess had failed. Harry would have liked to have
said goodbye to his godfathers properly, but hadn't been able to muster the
effort in the face of the Dark Lord's insistence.

He shook his head, bringing his thoughts back to the present. Everything else
could be dealt with after he slept. He rang the door bell. A moment later the
door opened.

Harry blinked in surprise.

Hermione blinked back.

"What are you doing back so soon?" she said, moving so he could step inside.
"And what in Merlin's name happened to you?"

He was too tired to be embarrassed, but he could just imagine what she saw.
Harry, sun-baked, half dressed, still in his paints, laden with all sorts of
primitive ornamentation, and without his glasses no less.

"Bloody hell, Potter, did you go to visit the werewolves or go undercover to
spy on them?!"

"Good to see you too, Malfoy, now what are you both doing here?"

Draco was too busy ogling Harry to bother with a reply, so Hermione explained.

"Narcissa always sends us to spend a week with Uncle Severus in the summer. We
were going to surprise you when you got back. Ah... surprise?"

"Yes, Hermione, yes it is."

---
---

Since Harry's surprise was spoiled, they decided to surprise Snape instead.
The man spent the entire afternoon in his potions lab, leaving Harry plenty of
time to shower, nap, and then tell both his friends a little of what had
happened before he appeared.

"That's insane," Draco said, and the story was only half way through.
"*You're* insane. Your first girlfriend was a werewolf?"

"Technically, she was a goddess and also, no, she wasn't my girlfriend... I
don't think..."

Hermione had pulled out her quik-quotes quill and was scribbling down
everything he said, completely enraptured with his tale.

"Oh, I never *dreamed* werewolves lived such magically rich and complicated
lives. I don't think I've ever read even half of this stuff before."

"Well, I doubt this sort of thing was normal before the Snake and Wolf Treaty.
After all, werewolves didn't live in communities before that, did they? At
least not in the last couple of centuries. I bet a lot of this stuff they just
developed recently."

"I suppose your right, but even that is interesting. Imagine building an
entire culture in less than a generation? I would love to read a case study on
their cultural anthropomorphism."

Draco yawned.

"Oh, shut up, Draco!"

"What? I didn't say *anything*. Besides, we were talking about Harry's
girlfriend. The one who happens to be goddess, not cultural ants, ropes, and
morphisms. So what was she like?"

Harry thought for a moment.

"Well, she was nice I suppose, until she tried to eat me."

Snape had chosen that exact moment to wander into the living room and find his
godchildren sitting around a savage looking creature who happened to sound
like the bane of his existence. He hesitated in the doorway just long enough
to hear Draco's question and Harry's answer, before turning around again in
search of the liquor cabinet.

---
---

[^44-1]: This is a real lullaby, called An Irish Lullaby with words by Alfred
Perceval Graves and music by Charles Villier Stanford.
