# The Huntress and the Wolves

"The herbology quiz focused a lot on explosive plants, so I hope you reviewed
chapter seven. Also we have a transfiguration practical today, but you'll
probably be able to get out of that. Did you do your DA&D homework? Of course
not, you couldn't get to the library. I should have offered, but you did need
your rest-"

"Hermione," Harry sighed. He was heading down to breakfast with their house
mates, having finally rid himself of the ineffectual poison and finally gotten
the potions needed to fix the rest of his injuries. His wand still felt
lifeless to him, but Pomfrey assured him his magic would begin to return by
that weekend. Now he found himself assuring Hermione that his academic life
wasn't over. "Chill out. I missed two days... okay, three days because of the
'Unlucky Day', but still not a crisis situation. My magic is still shot to
hell, so I'll just catch up on everything instead of going to dueling
practices. It'll be fine."

"What about that meeting tonight? Don't you have to come?" Ginny reminded as
she came up from behind with Clyde. Clyde was looking his usual sunny self,
grunting occasionally when he ran into something and mumbled something that
was either 'good morning' or 'sock puppet'.

"I'll show up for a bit to help set things up and greet the inspector, but
I'll duck out after that. Like I said, my magic isn't working. My reputation
will have to be enough."

Hermione frowned.

"Harry, you're the vice captain now. All of the rookies look up to you. What
are they going to think if you skip out early?"

"That I need to take my medication?"

"*Harry!*"

"*Hermione!*"

"Harry Potter!"

He turned around just in time to get a face full of recorder and Sara Bella
Parker, tabloid terror and bane of his anonymous existence. Following like the
ever eager puppy was her photographer Colin Creevey, who looked more like a
kicked puppy when Harry sent a warning glare at his camera. Parker was less
easily intimidated.

"Mr. Potter, now that you've recovered from your injuries would you mind
answering some questions?"

"... I'm hungry. That's all I have to say at the moment."

With that he turned and moved purposefully towards the Great Hall. He was cut
off once again by Parker and her recorder.

"You're going to take my eye out with that thing one of these days," he said,
shoving the recorder out of his face. If only he could do the same to the
girl.

"Please, Mr. Potter. All of Hogwarts, all of Wizarding Britain, in fact, is
buzzing about Monday's attack. Won't you confirm some of the facts? Rumors
are-"

"Listen, didn't Lord Voldemort," there was a gasp somewhere, reminding Harry
that he was one of the few to use the dark wizard's name out loud, "already
make a statement?"

Parker hesitated.

"Er... well, yes, but-"

"Well, I'm hardly going to contradict *him*, now am I?"

And with that he moved around her and Colin (or rather Colin fled upon his
approach), and ducked into a secret passage behind a suit of armor. They
couldn't follow him because the entrance locked for thirty seconds
automatically, and by then he had exited at the bottom of a staircase.

"You should probably give her an interview," Hermione said, waiting patiently
as he emerged. "She'll just keep annoying you until you do."

"Can't you do it?" he groused, brushing off cobwebs from his robes.

"Conflict of interest. The paper would lose credibility. If you want, you can
decline to answer certain questions, but you shouldn't deny all of them. It
just makes them hungrier for answers."

"Then let them starve. It's none of their damn business."

Hermione was about to contradict him, but then wisely refrained. As much as
Harry disliked his secrets, he guarded them fiercely. And who was she to say
he was wrong?

"Just promise me you aren't going to punch anyone for asking?"

The silence that followed was not encouraging.

---
---

It was a long day for Harry, who hadn't realized quite how much magic he
performed in his daily life until he couldn't use any at all. The teachers
were sympathetic for the most part, and the students predictably oblivious and
insensitive. Parker hadn't given up, and hounded him mercilessly, but also
ineptly. Harry had plenty of practice at evasion.

He supposed one day he would have to give in, but he didn't want it to be too
easy. He wouldn't have her annoying him constantly with meaningless inquiries,
so if she were intending to ask him something she had to expect to work for
the answer.

By far the best tactic for keeping her away was Slytherins. It didn't matter
how young or old, male or female, unfriendly or ... less unfriendly they were,
if Harry found himself around them, Parker found somewhere else to be.
Slytherins were more tolerant of Harry and Hermione than they were of the
other Gryffindors. Harry because he was in with Voldemort, Slytherin king as
far as that house was concerned, and Hermione could play the perfect little
pureblood sister to their up and coming golden (silver?) boy to a tee.

So if he happened to ask Flint if he had heard when the Quidditch pitch would
be repaired or tolerated Ron's obnoxious smugness to discuss that evening's
club meeting for a few minutes, no one could describe his behavior as unusual
or suspicious. And when it came to Snape, nothing could send Parker further,
faster, than an irritated glower. So it was with a some what more congenial
mood that Harry entered Dueling Club, ready to impress (or ready everyone else
to impress) their observer.

"Potter," Ron said by way of greeting, "check the supply closet to make sure
everything is up to code. Make sure no one from the senior club left their
knives in there again."

Cedric Diggory, Captain of the Senior Dueling Club, gave the other captain a
rather unflattering look at the insinuation. It was technically a Junior Club
practice, but since the inspector was coming to rate both divisions they were
sharing space for once and were feeling a bit territorial. The seniors were
congregating near the platform, while the juniors remained by the practice
dummies.

"On it. How much time do we have?"

"Fifteen minutes, tops. Hurry it up!"

"Only because you asked so nicely."

The supply closet was unusually empty with the entirety of the club having
donned their equipment, and while Harry changed into his own, he did a once
over. No one had left out their knives or any other dangerous equipment, and
aside from a few fallen gloves and boots, everything was in its place.
Satisfied, he turned to go but found his way blocked.

"Natalie," he said, startled by her sudden appearance. She gave him an
apologetic smile.

"Hello, Harry. I just wanted to see how you were doing. I haven't seen you
since..."

She shuddered, recalling Harry covered in his own blood as Snape carried him
away. She knew he had been seriously injured before, but never had she seen
*anyone* so damaged up close. And for that first time to be Harry...

"Yeah, about that. Sorry if I frightened you. I'm told I was quite a mess."

She rolled her eyes.

"Idiot, you don't apologize for getting injured unless it's your fault. Which
is wasn't, so... yeah."

He was bemused by her sudden lack of haughty eloquence, and she could feel her
cheeks burn from the warmth of his smile. She was starting to feel silly, and
if she didn't get her feelings off her chest quickly this was quickly going to
turn into something horribly awkward and embarrassing.

"Listen, Harry," she began, "I know I can be kind of blas√© about a lot of
things even when they're serious, so everyone thinks I don't care, but I do. I
really do. Especially with what happened to you."

It was Harry's turn to darken a few shades as Natalie took his hands into
hers. Her expression was so uniquely serious and brave and beautiful.

"I suppose what I'm trying to say is," she said, stepping closer, her eyes
locked to his so that she was so close he could feel her breath on his face.
"I'm so happy that you're-"

His lips were suddenly pressed to hers, and he was stunned to realized it was
he who had leaned down to kiss her, and it was another shock when he felt her
chest press against his own as she gasped. He nearly keeled over dead when she
kissed him back.

Neither was very good at it. Their lips never aligned quite right after first
contact and both were too timid to try anything with tongue, but it was
thrilling and electric and vaguely dangerous too. She pulled back first.

"... okay..."

He smiled at that and she laughed breathlessly, and soon they were both
laughing softly, giddy from the experience. A sound from the doorway
simultaneously drew their attention and sobered them completely. A familiar
figure stood, wide-eyed and pale, one hand holding her wand and the other
covering her mouth. Harry felt his insides sink at her horrified expression,
and Natalie's previous mockery of the younger girl's affection danced around
his head.

"Ginny..."

She disappeared, and he instinctively went to pursue but Natalie grabbed his
arm.

"Leave her be," she said, and he would have ignored her, perhaps even blamed
her if she'd adopted her usual aristocratic disdain. Instead she was reserved,
staring at the spot where her common target of mockery had just been. "It
won't do her or anyone else any good to cause a scene in front of the entire
Dueling Club."

"Shit," he muttered, dragging his hand through his hair.

"Don't think about it for now. You've still got to go out there and give the
rookies their little pep talk and make nice with the inspector... and pray to
whatever pagan god you worship that no one else noticed."

"I'm not a pa-"

She shoved him out of the closet before he could object, and he was forced to
compose himself very quickly. No one seemed to be paying him any mind, except
for Snape who was watching him suspiciously. Harry avoided eye contact and
looked for something else to do. Quickly enough, his attention was directed to
a man in rather fancy dueling robes, covered in shiny brass fixings over deep
purple leather. He seemed rather foppish to Harry, but he seemed to hold some
sort of importance judging by the attention Ron and Professor Larousse were
giving him.

This man must be the inspector, Harry decided, and made his way over to greet
him before he talked to his rookies. He looked around for Natalie, but she
still hadn't come out and he supposed she wanted rumors flying as little as he
did. Or she was just being considerate to him. Which was sweet of her... or
very politic. Oh, God, what if Luna found out about this? She wouldn't hunt
them down in the middle of Hogwarts, would she? Could she? Crap. Did this mean
Natalie was his girlfriend? Should he have learned to establish this sort of
thing *before* he went around kissing girls or sleeping naked with them?

Okay, really he should be concentrating on the more pressing matter.

And just as he decided to do just that and attempt a convincing smile as he
approached the inspector, he received the second surprise of the day. His only
forewarning was a sudden jolt of unease when the inspector's dark eyes locked
onto his, and the briefest lifting of the man's arm. Magically defenseless and
caught off guard, he froze.

And everyone else around him burst into chaotic motion.

Two bodies, large and faster than the average human burst out from the shadows
of the hall, careening with the inspector, and sending Larousse, Ron, and
several other students scattering in surprise and fear. As the majority fled
away from the attack, Harry could see his rescuers clearly, but for the life
of him couldn't process the reality of it.

Remus.

Sirius.

Beating the living shit out of the man.

"*Stupefy*!"

Remus paused only long enough to bring up his wand to block Larousse's spell
and snarl in warning. By now a third person had appeared, a Sentinel looking
as horrified by their violence as every one else. He lifted his wand, as did
Larousse, and from the corner of his eye he spotted Snape doing the same and
knew Remus couldn't take them all on at once. At last, he found himself able
to move.

"Sirius, Remus, stop! Stop, stop, stop!" he shouted, moving his body between
the werewolves and wizards. "I think you've got him!"

Sirius and Remus both paused, looking over to Harry questioningly, before
Sirius dropped his prey and jaunted over to his godson. The young Gryffindor
found himself encased in a bear of a hug.

"There's my pup! We've missed you!"

"Phlaa..." was all Harry could gasp.

"Put him down this instant and step away!" Larousse commanded. Sirius ignored
her, instead setting him down to get a better look at him.

"You smell a bit off, Harry. Are you alright? I heard you had a bad couple of
days."

Harry could only blink at him dumbly.

"What are you doing here?"

The werewolf pouted.

"What kind of a greeting is that?"

"I would consider Mr. Potter's greeting worthy of your entrance, Blackdeath or
Dogbreath or whatever they call you now," Snape snarled, stalking past
Larousse and the Sentinel. "Is there a reason you're assaulting the YDL
representative or did you just get an itch?"

"Bite me, Snivelus," Sirius growled. His distraction was enough for Larousse
to grab Harry and quickly pull him away. The students were all recovering from
their surprise enough that they had pulled out their wands in preparation of
defending themselves and their professors, which made Harry extremely nervous
for both werewolves. He knew they had attacked in order to defend him, but
they needed to let everyone else know that as well.

"Please, Sirius, just explain. I'm kind of confused too," he begged. There
were murmurs amongst the students, unsure of the situation and how one of
their own could possibly know these crazy people. The alpha shrugged and
wandered back to his mate who stood guard over the battered and bloody man. He
was still conscious, flinching and cowering as Sirius grabbed him by his robe
to drag him over to the other adults.

"*This* isn't a YLD or DLY or whatever you call it. *This* is a supposedly
dead man making trouble," he growled, circling his terrified victim. "Meet
Torence Quick."

Remus flicked his wand, and immediately the man's sleek appearance morphed
into something haggard. There was an instant recognition amongst the adults,
but the students were even more baffled than before. Who was Torence Quick?
Snape took charge of the situation.

"Alright, everyone, it seems our debut into the Young Duelist's League has
been postponed. You're all dismissed."

No one moved.

"Get lost, ya little punks!" Sirius snarled, and they all went scurrying.
Snape and Remus both rolled their eyes. Larousse spoke to Harry, but kept her
eyes and her wand directed at the werewolves and Quick.

"Harry, you should go with them."

"No way. I deserve to know who's been trying to kill me, and why," he
objected.

Her voice turned hard with warning.

"Harry..."

He wasn't moved in the slightest. Sirius chuckled at his stubbornness. The
Sentinel who had been watching things unfold, finally took charge.

"Professor Larousse, I believe it is best that you over see the students and
then report to the Headmistress. The rest of us, including Mr. Potter, will
report directly to the Dark Lord with... Mr. Quick here. He wished to be
informed the moment we made progress, and I dare say that moment is now.
Professor Snape, if you wouldn't mind leading the way?"

Harry watched in fascination as Larousse's normally beautiful face, hardened
with anger and hate as she turned to his godfathers, softened into something
akin to worry when she turned to him, and then disappeared into a blank
neutrality as she went to attend the other students. Amongst them were all his
friends and Natalie, as confused and unsure as the rest. He offered them a
reassuring smile, before following his party out of the Dueling Hall and into
the castle's corridors.

"I'll be damned, Snivelus, you've found a woman almost as annoying as you,"
Sirius quipped, pulling Quick to his feet and shoving him after the potion's
master.

"At least I found a *woman*," Snape countered, staring pointedly at Remus who
just stuck out his tongue at the other man. To diffuse, or at least distract,
any further arguments, Harry started asking questions.

"Who is Torence Quick and why is he trying to kill me? I thought it was Moody
who wanted me dead?"

Sirius answered first. "The only one of those questions I have the answer to
is the first. Torence Quick, the ornery little shit, was a former Death Eater.
More specifically, the Death Eater who caught me and Remus. I spent nearly
three months in Azkaban before being thrown to the wolves because of him. Pay
back's a bitch, ain't it, Torence?"

The man didn't even attempt a reply, merely limped along. Looking at the
sniveling little man, Harry couldn't help but feel disappointed. This was who
had nearly succeeded in poisoning him? To be nearly defeated by such an enemy
tore at his pride.

They continued on through the castle in silence, passing the occasional
student and teacher who all gaped and wondered at the odd procession. As they
drew closer and closer to Voldemort's office, his godfathers began to pull
back a little further from the others and more towards Harry. They obviously
did not like where they were going and they liked taking Harry there even
less. There was no avoiding it, however, and eventually they all crowded into
the Dark Lord's office.

The Dark Lord himself did not looked surprised, so much as pleased. Whether it
was occlumency or cleverness, he could already tell something significant and
in their favor had occurred. Sirius and Remus pulled Harry over to the couch
nearest the door, sitting down so that their godson was safely ensconced
between them. This seemed to amuse the Dark Lord, but he let them be for the
time being.

"So what have we here?"

The Sentinel saluted sharply before speaking.

"My Lord, this one is Torence Quick, former Death Eater, believed to have been
killed by Alastor Moody on September 3. Mr.'s Blackbone and Slivermoon
discovered Mr. Quick impersonating a representative of the Young Dueling
League sent to inspect Hogwart's Dueling Club for qualification into said
League, and... subdued him... before any harm could be done."

Voldemort smiled, darkly pleased that after less than a day he was already
making progress using the werewolves. Already another assassination attempt
appeared to have been thwarted. It was not Moody, yet that didn't exclude the
convict as a suspect. He knew Quick well enough to know he wasn't clever
enough to come up with all of the attacks on his own.

"Thank you, Lieutenant. Have you anything else to add, Severus?"

Snape nodded.

"Yes. I would like to say their actions were completely unnecessary," he said
sharply. "Professor Larousse and I already suspected something amiss. She was
moving in to confirm her suspicions and I was standing a distance to cover her
in case he tried something. We could have handled this without all the
theatrics."

Sirius made a very audible snort, but Harry believed his professor. He trusted
the man, probably more than he deserved, but trusted just the same. Voldemort
acknowledged his servant, but looked unconcerned.

"And you, Blackbone and Slivermoon? How did you know he was an assassin."

"We could smell the enchantment on him, and the stink of the man underneath
it."

"You didn't explain this to your Sentinel?"

Sirius just shrugged, and Remus wouldn't speak out of turn.

"What about you, Harry? Anything to say?"

"Thank you for not letting me get killed?"

"You're welcome," the Dark Lord chuckled, before turning to Quick. The man was
quivering pathetically, looking at the floor, unwilling or unable to move from
where he had been dropped. Voldemort sauntered... yes, *sauntered* around his
desk to stand before the man, smiling pleasantly. It was so strangely surreal
Harry couldn't even blink. A pale finger slid under Quick's chin, lifting it
so that he was gazing directly into crimsion.

"And, of course, Mr. Quick, I haven't forgotten about you. Is there anything
you would like to say? Some sort of explanation? You have to admit that your
current predicament is very odd."

Quick could only shake mutely. Harry looked around him and saw only cold
regard amongst the adults, and felt a strange sort of empathy for the man. He
was not sorry the assassin had been caught, and he wasn't sorry to be alive,
but he wished they wouldn't torment him. It didn't serve any purpose Harry
could see.

Voldemort's benign expression didn't change, but his grip on his prisoner's
face did. He seized his jaw, holding it steady as Quick tried to jerk his head
away, keeping their eyes connected. Suddenly the resistance ceased, turning
instead to violent shaking. It only lasted a few seconds, and Voldemort
released him, letting the man collapse onto the carpet and continue his
seizure there.

"Severus, make sure he doesn't bite off his tongue," the Dark Lord instructed,
turning back to is desk. As the potion's professor knelt beside the spasming
body, shoving something into his mouth and holding his head, Voldemort pulled
out some paper from his desk and scribbled a couple of quick notes, sealed
them magically, and handed them back to the young Sentinel. "Give these to
Chief Sentinel Morgan. I have made some preliminary discoveries he will find
of interest, but I want a professional interrogator here within the hour to
uncover further details. From here on out, this is to be considered a Class X
national security case. Go."

The Sentinel saluted sharply, and sped out of the room. The room was tensely
silent, the only sound was the choking gasps coming from the floor and Snape's
grunts as he struggled with his task.

Voldemort wasn't smiling anymore, more thoughtful than anything, and at last
he turned to Harry. He said nothing, and neither did Harry, though he was
filled with questions and barely restrained horror. Was *that* what Voldemort
had done to him during his second year? Harry didn't recall seizing, but he
couldn't recall much of anything really. He felt his godfather's hold on him
tightened protectively, pulling him back to himself. At last, the Dark Lord
turned away.

"It would appear your services are still required."

"Harry's still in danger?" Sirius growled.

"Indeed, but the threat is greater than I realized. It appears as though Moody
found some powerful allies."

"Quit being a dramatist and just spit it out. What did you learn?"

Crimson eyes flashed at Sirius's impertinence, causing the werewolf to flinch.
Sirius recovered quickly, but the slip was enough to satisfy the Dark Lord.

"Quick neither set the explosives during the quidditch match nor poisoned
Harry. In fact, his presence here is not entirely of his own free will. His
mind has been tampered with. I couldn't fish out all the details I wanted
without destroying him utterly, but I caught a few essentials. Moody kidnapped
him out of his home and made it appear as if he'd killed the man, and has been
holding him for just such a purpose as today. However, he wasn't alone. He had
help from a very old friend of ours."

"Santa Claus?" Sirius suggested. Voldemort flicked his finger at the werewolf.
Sirius made a panicked sound, then went very quiet. The anger in his eyes
screamed his hatred loud and clear though.

"No, Fido," the Dark Lord hissed, "Dumbledore."

There was a palpable shift in the atmosphere. Even Snape, busy keeping Quick
alive, turned sharply towards Voldemort in surprise.

"Impossible," Remus said. In the quiet of the office, even his whisper could
be heard clearly.

"You think so? Do you *really* think so?"

Sirius was on his feet in an instant, and at first Harry thought he was going
to attack, but instead he merely pulled Harry to his feet as well. Unable to
speak, he made a sharp gesture to Remus, who rose as well. Harry found himself
being shoved towards the smaller werewolf, who caught him easily. Sirius made
another gesture for them to leave. Voldemort voiced no objection, and the
atmosphere was far too tense for Harry to voice any of his own. Remus offered
his mate a reassuring nod, before escorting their pup out to the relative
safety of the halls.

Voldemort smirked as Sirius turned his attention back to him. The werewolf's
black eyes had gone yellow, dominating and delightfully feral.

"Don't tell me you're surprised, Blackbone? After twenty years of raging war
upon me, do you really believe your old general is above destroying one little
boy? He abandoned hundreds of his allies and their families to death,
including you and the Potters, just so he could escape to continue the fight
that he had already lost. Look around you. Britain is stronger than she has
ever been, her people just as safe and happy and satisfied as before the
war... and yet still Dumbledore sends his assassins and saboteurs. And for
what? To fight against *evil?* Ha!"

Sirius said nothing, couldn't after Voldemort's hex shriveled his tongue into
non-existence, but neither did he interrupt.

"All he does is fight against me and peace and being proven *wrong* after all
this time. And if he is to do that, he must destroy the symbol of our nation's
success. Harry is the new generation, Blackbone. He's the ideal. He's
everything every generation past wished to aspire to, but were always unable.
Brave, noble, talented, *strong*. He's the slap in the face of every ignorant
fear Dumbledore and the Ministry ever planted in the minds of the people
should they aspire for change, for greater things than what came before. Do
you understand? The greatest threat to Dumbledore is Harry, and the greatest
threat to Harry is Dumbledore?"

---
---

Larousse and Lestrange were half way up the stairs with a contingent of some
twenty Sentinels when Sirius Blackbone, alone and unarmed came storming down
to meet them with a wordless snarl and a look that promised death. Lestrange
was the only one amongst them bold enough to issue out an answering hiss as he
shoved passed her, though Larousse had a curse on the very tip of her tongue
and watched the broad target of his back intently until it disappeared behind
the curve of the staircase.

At the top of the stairs, the painting that led to Voldemort's office was
slashed open, as if by claws. Inside was further destruction, consisting of
the Dark Lord's beautiful mahogany desk laying in splinters on the wrong side
of the room, having taken out an entire bookshelf in its flight. Amidst the
wreckage stood Voldemort, laughing hysterically, and the only witnesses to the
madness that had just transpired, Snape and the catatonic Quick safely pressed
against a wall.

Larousse let out her held breath when she saw Harry was no where in sight.

---
---

"Merlin's beard, are you telling me there are *werewolves *in Hogwarts? How
did this slip under our noses?" McGunny shouted at the thirty or so students
crowded into the Journalism office. An emergency meeting had just been called
upon word of the attack during the Dueling Club. Aside from Hermione and Ron,
there had been other reporters there to cover the event for the sports section
of the paper, and they had rushed to inform their editor of their far more
exciting story the moment they'd left the hall. A little more digging had
turned up the identity of the men as werewolves who may very well have just
caught Moody. Soon however came even more information and speculation until
the truth was quickly becoming addled and uncertain.

Some were saying that the werewolves were part of a planned ambush. Others
that they had simply attacked and gotten lucky. Still others were saying the
man that was attacked was really Moody, others that it wasn't Moody but
someone under Imperius by Moody. After that things got weird. Several witness
said they heard Harry Potter and the werewolves greet each other by name, and
some even insisted that it was Harry who set the werewolves on the possible
assassin. Others were saying they saw Ginny Weasley leave the supply closet
Harry had been making preparations in a hurry and thought she had been sent by
Harry to get the werewolves, but no one had been able to find the girl to
confirm it. No one was brave enough to find the werewolves themselves, and
Potter was proving as elusive as ever.

"This was an executive order from Voldemort himself. It had to be. He's the
only one who could authorize the use of werewolves according to the Snake and
Wolf Treaty. He probably kept it hushed up until the very last minute. You
know, so as not to warn Moody. I bet they were released into the school
sometime this morning while we were in classes, and have been hunting the
castle all day," Hermione said, the only one who hadn't been saying anything
without something to back it up.

"Does anyone know where Voldemort is?" McGunny asked.

There was silence all around. The Dark Lord's location was never made public
knowledge, and even on those occasions he visited the castle, few could
testify to his presence unless he intentionally made himself known.

"I overheard that Sentinel say they were taking the prisoner to Voldemort
first, and then ordered Larousse to get the Headmistress. I figure he's
somewhere in the castle. Either his office or the dungeons," Ron said.

"We can't print that unless we're certain," she pointed out.

"Whose talking about printing anything? We're just getting trying to sort it
out. Jeez, lighten up."

The Gryffindor looked ready to do the exact opposite and verbally punch
Weasley into the ground, but McGunny, quite used to their antics, cut her off.

"Both of you knock it off. You both were there. Is there anything you can
confirm? Was the attacker Moody? Did you get the werewolves' names? What about
the Sentinel?"

Granger looked hesitant. It set off warning bells in McGunny's mind. She was
one of his most diligent reporters and assistants, but when ever a topic arose
that involved Harry Potter she froze up like Antarctica. Fortunately, Weasley
had no such compunctions.

"Yeah, I got some interesting stuff. The guy wasn't Moody. Get this, his name
is Torence Quick, the guy everyone thought Moody had killed."

Oh, that was perfect, the editor thought, but still didn't explain Granger's
hesitance.

"Excellent, anything else?"

"Yeah, the werewolves... they called Potter their 'pup' and the big one even
hugged him. I think we might now know why we never hear about his parents
now."

"Fucking hell, no!"

The silence that followed could be attributed to either Weasley's suggestion
or the fact that Hermion Granger of Malfoy actually swore. She gave a polite
little cough afterwards, and explained herself more eloquently.

"If you had been paying more attention, you would recall Harry called them
each Sirius and Remus, not dad or anything. 'Pup' is probably just an
endearment, like 'sonny' or 'kiddo', only you know... werewolf."

Good points, but no one was buying it. If anyone knew Potter's secrets it was
Granger, and few doubted that she knew the boy's connection to the werewolves
and possibly the secret of his origins altogether.

"Hhhmmm... Any other insights you might have, Granger? Like say, how Potter
would even know werewolves to begin with?"

She looked away. Parker sent her dirty looks. She had always been jealous of
Granger, over various things, but her closeness to the Black Cat of Gryffindor
was at the top of the list.

"Oh, fess up. Everyone knows you know everything about everything, including
the Mysterious World of Prince Potter, enigma of the universe," she sneered.

The Gryffindor's response was typical aristocratic disdain.

"If I were ever to tell secrets, it wouldn't be to the Queen of Melodrama and
Tripe, and certainly not the secrets of the person who saved my life. So you
can take to your sass, swallow it, and send it back out with the rest of your
crap."

"Eloquent as always, Granger. I think we get the point. I don't suppose you
could convince him to do an interview willingly?" McGunny tried. It was worth
a shot. Here she had the decency to look a bit exasperated and apologetic.

"He's shy."

Everyone looked at her as if she'd grown a second head. Ron was first to put
all their thoughts into words, in his usual succinct manner.

"You're fucking joking."

---
---

Remus followed silently behind his enraged pack mate on their way to Sentinel
Headquarters. Whatever spell Voldemort had cast to silence Sirius had since
faded, but the man had yet to speak beyond asking about Harry and informing
him they were leaving the castle. Their godson had been left with McGonagall,
and the beta was glad the child hadn't been forced to accompany them to
London. The press had already caught wind of a man taken into custody and
practically stormed the castle and headquarters in a quest for further
information and juicy pictures. Sirius, despite his bad mood, hadn't torn any
of them to pieces as he made his way through the throng, but nor did he slow
his pace and more than few people had been knocked over and nearly trampled as
he shoved pass them.

Remus followed close behind until at last they squeezed through the doors and
into the reception area. The press was still limited to the outside, and
though they could still hear them, both werewolves were relieved to have
escaped the overwhelming scents and heat of so many bodies crowding around
them.

They only had a moment to relax before a new threat made itself known. Snape
and Larousse were there as well. Not really surprising, but hardly welcome.
Neither professor looked particularly pleased to see them either. Ideally,
they should just avoid each other, but Sirius was an alpha and in their own
ways so were Snape and Larousse, and both had been caught encroaching onto
territory they each considered their own. They both stepped forward to meet in
the center of the lobby.

"You know there's a 'no dogs allowed' sign on the front door," the woman said.

"Then how'd a bitch like you get in?" Sirius countered, meeting her head on.
Remus normally wouldn't approve of his mate's behavior towards non-werewolves,
but Larousse's reputation preceded her. He would support his mate completely
against her.

"Cute. Where's your handler?"

Sirius just smirked. He didn't have to answer to her.

"Oh, my Dear," Snape said, sidling in. "They don't need handler's anymore. The
Dark Lord has tamed the mongrels into his well trained pets. They obey all his
commands. Come, sit, fetch... attack. I dare say even Potter would be
impressed. The little one that is. The big one probably would have killed
himself if he weren't dead already."

Sirius' clawed hands were at Snape's neck almost simultaneously with
Larousse's wand pointed at Sirius' chest, and Remus' own wand was at her
breast as if it had always been there.

"All I have to do is *squeeze*," the alpha warned, but Snape's smirk never
wavered.

"Yes, that's all you have to do. But you *won't*, because after all is said
and done, you're one of us now. Another servant of the Dark Lord. Just like
me. Just like your beloved godson."

Sirius growled, but his words were close enough to the truth that he couldn't
follow through with his deepest desire. Who would protect Harry if he was
executed over a puppet like Snivelus? Larousse was looking a bit confused, and
he decided to take advantage of her weakness.

"Didn't you know, woman? Harry Potter is my godson. I'm his only family. He's
the only reason I'm even here. You can call me Voldemort's pet or puppet or
whatever you want, but in the end I'm doing this for Harry, and when he learns
the truth about him and you and all your black hearted schemes *I'm* going to
be the one he turns to. And then we'll see just how strong your master's leash
*really* is."

Her face was perfectly blank, but Sirius could see her emotions flitting
across her dark eyes and smell them coming off her like olfactory message
board. Anger, hate, fear, despair... jealousy?

"You speak treason," she hissed, and he merely laughed at her.

"Greyback is my king, not Voldemort. You might know that if you ever bothered
to learn about werewolves outside of how to kill them."

"Harry will *never* be yours."

And that, as far as Sirius was concerned, was a declaration of war.
