# The Huntress and Her Prey

McGunny was sitting in his office, torn between studying for his
Transfiguration quiz and skimming through the latest batch of intel
Weasley had managed to dig up on Barlow and Potter. It really wasn't
much of a contest. He could study during his free period tomorrow, but
he had to hurry if he wanted to outrace the latest bit of gossip. As a
part of the press, even a amateur press, he understood the
responsibility of remaining objective, but this latest bit of scandal
angered his sensibilities, especially the more he learned.

He knew for instance that Barlow had set a small mob on Potter, that she
had lost a fair duel to him, and that she had been completely unharmed
after. Weasley had confirmed this with several witnesses who had been
there, even one very reluctant Slytherin, and despite being a utter slob
he trusted the boy's ability to separate gossip from gospel. Which is
what made Barlow's framing Potter, and attempting to use the press to do
it, so very infuriating. The girl hadn't checked herself into the
infirmary for more than half an hour before sending him a note to
request an interview.

He had gone himself, and what he had been made to listen to sickened
him. Not only was she a poor actor, she was a bossy one too, demanding
he print her story right away. He hadn't, of course. He'd interviewed a
rather disgruntled Madam Pomfrey first. The nurse was not permitted to
talk about a patient's condition, but that didn't mean she couldn't
dispel misinformation.

Two lies had thus been confirmed. Barlow hadn't been cursed with
cruciatus and she didn't have any broken bones.

He had quickly rounded up some of his reporters to find out what had
really happened and hoped to track down Potter himself, but learned from
Weasley that he had already been summoned to the headmistress' office.
It made McGunny nervous.

Potter had shown up again later in the day, surprisingly high spirited
for having been accused of assault and battery. Perhaps the headmistress
had believed him. It's not like she would have much choice as the girl
was obviously lying.

It was with some uneasiness that he left his office in search of the
subject of the scandal. He tracked him down to the library, and tried to
mentally prepare himself for the meeting. They hadn't spoken directly
since the interview, and while he was hopeful that he would be well
received he couldn't be certain.

"Potter," he said, and the boy turned from copying some notes to look at
him.

"Oh, hey, McGunny," he greeted, friendly but cautious, "What is it?"

Across from them, Granger looked up from her tome nervously. *Relax,
Granger, I won't bite,* he mentally admonished

"There have been some rumors floating around about a fight this morning
involving you and a Slytherin girl. I was wondering if you'd mind giving
an account of what happened? To clear up the rumors, of course."

"Of course." But he looked skeptical. He turned to Hermione but she just
nods. *Thank you*, *Granger. It's about time you helped me out a
little.* "But lets keep this short, I've got a lot of studying to get
done before practice."

He must have meant dueling practice, which meant he hadn't heard.

"Practice was canceled. Professor Larousse took her sick days for the
rest of the week. There was an announcement at lunch."

"Oh..."

"Don't worry, Potter, I still won't keep you long."

They made their way to a private table, conscious of the stares they
received and whispers until McGunny put up a privacy spell.

"First off," McGunny began, "let me say that I know Sasha Barlow and her
cronies are full of shit, and while I don't know how much you've heard
so far you should know she's attempting a smear campaign against you."

Potter impresses him by not so much as flinching, merely leaning back in
his chair a bit to take stock. McGunny wondered what he saw.

"She's tried to use my paper to spread her lies," he continued when
Potter offers nothing, "And I take that as a personal offense. Some of
my reporters have already investigated, and I think I have a good idea
of what happened, but I'd like to hear it from you. The testimonies I
received seemed a bit... excitable."

Potter nodded, but didn't say anything.

"I just want the truth."

For an instant, he looked angry and McGunny thought he made a mistake,
but then his expression smoothed out and he just got this look. Green,
green eyes and they're like a forest fire. Terrifying and mesmerizing at
once. What did he see with eyes like that?

"Alright."

---

Larousse was absent from DA&D the next day, just as McGunny had said she
would be. His godfathers were quite happy about this, but Harry felt
uneasy. She wasn't sick, in fact, she wasn't even in the castle anymore.
What was she doing then? Everyone said she was holiday shopping, but
that was ridiculous. The other teachers managed to get their shopping
done without skipping classes, and they all had more family left than
Larousse.

Could Lestrange have put her up to something? They did seem to get along
fairly well.

Could he really afford to think about that right now?

There were more pressing matters, like end of semester exams, Christmas
shopping (damn near impossible since he had no way to get out of the
castle), McGunny's upcoming article, the Hogwart's Christmas Dance, and
the Malfoy Christmas party in which he would be negotiating with Lucius
for secrets and safety.

"Hermione, can I just skip the dance?" he asked hopefully from across
the breakfast table.

She glowered at him.

"Harold James Potter don't you *dare* leave me alone with that boy."

"Draco will be there."

"That's not much comfort. I think he's trying to hook me up with Ron. He
can be so utterly ridiculous sometimes."

Harry knew that wasn't the case, but he could hardly tell her that her
brother had sold her out over a lost chess match.

"It's your fault you're in this mess in the first place. You didn't have
to offer to go out with him."

His friend turned pink, and he would have laughed at her but she was
already irritated with him.

"It was good manners. Besides, what would you do if you didn't go?"

"Not worry about it? I don't have a date yet, you know. Then there's the
dressing up. It's just a hassle."

"Aw, come on, 'arry, id'll be fun," Clyde interrupted, not bothering to
stop eating. "It's not wike dose snooty Pwurebwood pardies. No fence
'mione. It's a *weal* party. Jus ask Nadawie out. She'd do it in a
'artbeat."

Beside Hermione, Ginny grimaced, and he thought he knew how she felt.
Clyde really needed to take etiquette lessons if he was going to eat at
the big kid table.

"No, I'm going to the Malfoy party with her. The Hogwarts party just
makes it kind of redundant."

After a few more protests, he manages to duck out of at least one
concern. What should he work on now? The Malfoy party was on Satuday,
exams started Monday, and he still didn't know how he was going to get
through his Christmas list.

"Merlin's beard, they're a plague," Clyde growled, after he'd swallowed
luckily. Harry looked up to see some six or seven GGs wandering into the
Great Hall. They had been increasingly invasive over the last two weeks,
wandering out from the mostly unused corridors and into the main halls
and classrooms, quiet as can be but a definite distraction. There was
talk of actually construction work sometime during break and the GGs
were rushing to get their measurements and calculations done before
then, at everyone else's expense.

"I don't know if I can put up with them for another four years," Clyde
lamented. "Before you know it they'll start taking measurements of our
dorm room while we're trying to sleep. Just wait."

Hermione said he was being silly. Harry wasn't so sure. He hadn't paid
much attention to it before, but the GGs were popping up everywhere.
Lately, he couldn't turn a corner without finding one hanging from the
ceiling or crawling on the floor. He'd actually tripped over one Monday.

"They've started damming the moat," Ginny said softly, "I saw them doing
it during Herbology. I talked to one of the engineers, and they said
they're adding a basement underneath it before they start building over
it. They'll have to completely re-dig the moat after this or it'll be
running through the middle of the castle instead of around it. Though,
that might be kind of interesting."

It had been weeks since Ginny and Harry had a decent conversation, and
as part of his new 'Make My Life Less Shitty' plan, he wanted to fix
things between them. Actually talking to one another seemed to be a good
way to start.

"Really? Did they say when they'd start?"

"Tomorrow I think."

"I wonder if the castle will shake?"

"Not if they're doing their jobs, it shouldn't," Hermione said, frowning
thoughtfully. "Otherwise you never know what will collapse. I guess
that's why they're starting on an empty wing."

It seemed a security risk to Harry, but there was no point in worrying
about it. Either it was being taken care of or it wasn't, and nothing he
said could change that.

"I hope there isn't a draft," he said instead, earning a few giggles.
And like a drop of blood attracts sharks, so too did that laugh attract
the Weasley twins. They came out of no where (they had to nowadays else
his godfathers toss them out a window again) and perched themselves on
either side of Harry.

"Hey, Harry, you little minx. We haven't seen you around-" George began.

"Unguarded," Fred inserted.

"-lately. Thought we'd check in on you. Make sure you haven't gotten
boring on us."

"Or that we haven't gotten boring. It's good to have an outside opinion
on this."

Harry raised a brow.

"You the ones who cursed the second corridor bathrooms to pour out slime
instead of water?"

"Well, yeah," George said.

"And transfigured the Dueling Club's rapiers to turn to rubber?"

Fred chuckled, recalling the tasteless jokes that had resulted from that
particular prank.

"Pretended to be George and kissed Angelina?"

George turned to Fred, scowling. "When did you do *that?*"

"Er..."

"You're both fine. The only thing that happened to me was Barlow. Blah,
what a spider," he said, intentionally leaving out Lestrange. And
Larousse. And Natalie. And- "Hey, perhaps you guys can help me with
something."

He excused himself from the table and led the twins outside the Great
Hall. Sirius and Remus followed discreetly, and despite their
displeasure at the mischievous duo kept a respectful distance. Students
and GGs were moving in and out, so they moved to a less trafficked end
of corridor.

"What can we do for you, My Lord?" Fred crooned, the perfect image of
corrupted innocence.

"I need advice."

Here the twins grinned wickedly at one another. Harry thought he better
be more specific before they dragged him into something truly wicked.

"I earned quite a bit of money this summer and I want to buy some
Christmas gifts, but I'm not allowed out of the castle. You all seem to
smuggle the weirdest things in, perhaps you have some ideas?"

If possible the two Weasley's expressions became even more wicked. Fred
actually *hugged* him.

"You make us so happy, My Lord!" he laughed. "We're going to have so
much *fun*!"

George just nodded, but then looked cautiously over at his two loitering
bodyguards, pacing a short distance away.

"Of course, it all depends on them. Think you could get them to leave
you alone for a few hours?"

Harry merely shook his head, now wondering how wise it was to come to
them for advice after all. Still, their enthusiasm was contagious. It
had been such a long time since he'd just joked and planned silly things
with his friends. Lately, it had all been homework and plotting and
political maneuvering.

"Well, what are the chances of them letting you out of the castle?"
George tried again, though he looked skeptical. That stirred Harry's
interest even more. Out of the castle? He hadn't even stepped onto the
grounds for anything other than Herbology since November!

"I think I might convince them, so long as they can come along. They're
protective, but they have a really good sense of adventure, you know.
They had a lot of fun when they went to school here," Harry said, then
looked over at Sirius. "What do you think?"

"Sounds like fun," Sirius called back.

The twins were startled. "They could hear us from there?"

"Of course."

"Wicked," they said, grinning. Fred continued with, "Alright, meet us
Saturday in the owlry, seven A.M. sharp, and bring your money with you.
We're going to Hogsmeade!"

---

Friday morning, Larousse realized she was being followed. She wasn't
sure how long she had been followed, perhaps it had been happening since
Tuesday or perhaps that morning was the first time, but she had this
sudden feeling while eating a breakfast in her hotel's cafe and when she
looked up it was to see a man bolting behind a corner. At first, she
thought perhaps Morgan had sent one of his men to keep track of her in
case she found something or got into trouble, then realized she would
have noticed such a person following her from the beginning. Sentinels
were easy to spot if one knew how to look.

So she pretended not to notice, and reviewed her notes from the last
couple of days. If she had to choose off the top of her head where she
had picked up her stalker she would have chosen either the pub in
Knockturn Alley from Tuesday or the bookstore in Nottigham from
Wednesday. They had been the most suspicious or at least the easiest
places to conceal someone. She had been dutifully spreading her tale of
Hogwarts teacher on a shopping trip at every place she investigated,
hoping Moody would some how hear and take the bait. After the attempt
with Quick, she knew she made an almost irresistible temptation. She
borrowed an owl from the hotel receptionist to send Morgan a note, then
went hunting.

First there was the clothing store, then the gift shop, a bakery, and
various other sorts of stores a person might obtain Christmas presents.
She didn't see her stalker again, but she knew he was there. Now that
she was aware of him, she could *sense* him. After dropping off some of
her packages at the hotel, and confirming that Morgan hadn't sent a
reply yet, she went out again.

This time, hands free, she headed towards Wisteria Wandering, a little
Bohemian neighborhood with a lot of art studios and long stretches of
empty buildings and dark alleys. She turned into one of these alleys,
ducked into a doorway and waited. A moment later, the man from that
morning appeared.

He was nondescript, modestly dressed in old but tidy cloak and bowler
hat, clean shaven and dark haired. He hurried down the alley, but when
he reached the end he hesitated. He must have realized he lost her
trail. While he was distracted, she wordlessly cast a tracking spell on
him and retreated further into the shadows.

Her stalker waited for another hour, likely hoping she'd reappear out of
one of the studios, but eventually gave up and headed back the way he'd
come. Once he was out of sight, Larousse followed him. With her tracking
spell activated, she didn't need to actually see him to follow, which
was good because he used the floo twice. The first time was to a public
floo in London, where he met up with another man, tall and lanky, and
together they took the same floo to Edinburgh. They ate lunch in a pub,
and while they were thus occupied, she sent and urgent missive to Morgan
again, this time through the neighborhood Sentinel Station.

"If you tell us where they are, we can arrest them immediately," the
Head Sentinel had said.

"No, Chief Sentinel Morgan was very clear about my instructions," she
lied, "I am to follow them until they lead me to their Headquarters and
only then should I contact him for specific instructions. This is a very
delicate situation."

"Of course, Sentinel Larousse, I understand completely. My men and I are
at your disposal."

They saluted each other, and she made a hasty retreat. The men weren't
at the pub any more when she arrived, but she tracked them down to an
abandoned textile mill just on the edge of a muggle district. It made
her nervous, but she couldn't go back.

She was so close, she could feel it. Not only had she possibly found
Moody, but his cohorts as well. If she could catch them by surprise, she
could catch them all. Harry would be safe at last. Voldemort would grant
her custody. Her and Severus would get married and adopt Harry, and
they'd live together in Severus' beautiful little house in the country
and by this time next year she'd be pregnant again. They'd be a
wonderful family, proud and handsome and accomplished. Harry would get
over his godfathers soon enough when he saw the life she could give him,
the full sort of life he'd had before his parents' murder. A father to
guide him, a mother to love him, and little brothers and sisters to look
up to him.

It would all be so perfect.

But she had to catch Moody first.

Casting a few anti-detection charms on herself, she circled the
warehouse, checking for exit and entry points. There were four doors,
one on each side, and she laid down traps in case anyone tried to flee.
She could do nothing about the windows. They were too large and too
numerous to charm without detection. She risked a few quick peeks inside
as she went. There were four people now, one of them a woman, but none
that she recognized all crowded around a crate they were using as a
table. It was too dark inside for her to get a good look from where she
was.

Cautiously, she went to the back of the building and climbed a fire
escape to the second story entry, casting several silencing charms as
she went. She didn't enter through the door, thinking it was probably
charmed with some sort of alarm, but knocked out the glass from a window
and climbed inside. It was all perfectly silent, and she hoped that no
one noticed the increase of light from her position. Stealthily, she
crept further into the warehouse.

It was dark on the second floor, the many windows layered with dirt or
paint or boards, and it stank of animal piss and bird droppings. She
kept to the spaces where the shadows weren't as thick, skirting strange
silhouettes of industrial machinery, until she exited through an open
doorway and onto a walkway. More silencing spells, but the danger here
was still great. The walkway was metal mesh, allowing her to look down
to the level below, but also for anyone to look up and see her as well.
She had to risk it.

Navigating past boards and old newspapers, she found a spot near the
stairs where a tarp and some overturned planks provided her some cover
for her to observe from. Her view wasn't perfect, but she got a good
idea of what was happening. The woman, younger than her, was arguing
with the men, but they obviously weren't listening.

"We shouldn't be following this woman," the lone female insisted, "She's
obviously a trap. What kind of teacher leaves the school a week and a
half before holidays? I'm telling you it's a set up."

"Don't be daft. We got confirmation. She's a teacher just like she was
saying. First time teaching so she's a bit irresponsible. Nothing odd
about that."

"Oh, come on, does she *look* like a history teacher to you?"

"I wish my history teacher looked like her," one of the men snickered.

"Shut up, Blue."

"Look, Green, all she's done is shop and shop and shop," said the man
Larousse recognized from the alley. "She puts my wife to shame. It's too
bad I lost track of her, but it isn't strange. We'll get confirmation
that she's legit in a few hours and then pick her up tonight at the
hotel. If she keeps her pattern she'll leave for dinner around
seven-thirty."

"I just don't like this. We screwed up with the last subject, what makes
you think it will work a second time around?"

"We didn't have an insider the first time. This works a lot better. Stop
worrying."

The woman wasn't satisfied, shaking her head and pacing back and forth.
As Larousse's eyes adjusted she could make out the shape of a chair with
chains hanging from it and a bucket underneath it. It made her shiver,
realizing this must have been where they kept Quick.

"I still don't like it. If she is a teacher... Merlin, it's not like the
last time. He was a Death Eater. A monster. This isn't right."

"Oh, stop being a ninny. She's one of Voldemort's bloody people, as bad
as any Death Eater. How many kids you think she's convinced that
Dumbledore is the Devil and Voldemort a saint? At least you could tell a
Death Eater is a monster. She's something worse in my opinion."

He spat to emphasize his point. Larousse wrinkled her nose. Disgusting.
As if this worm had any right to criticize her after trying to murder a
child. Sick bastard.

"Whatever, Red, I still don't like it."

"Dumbledore knows what he's doing," Red said.

"Dumbledore's ass isn't on the line here."

Deciding she'd heard enough, Larousse made her move. Soundlessly, she
cast a full body bind on the woman called Green. She stiffened like a
board and fell over.

"Green, what is-"

"Get down stupid!" Red yelled, shoving Blue behind a stack of crates
while he dived for another. The third man, the lanky fellow who'd been
silent, ducked down, but he didn't know where the threat was coming from
and sought shelter on the wrong side. A disarming spell sent him flying
into a stack of crates. Red and Blue located her a moment later,
blasting hexes and revealing charms, but they bounced of her shields and
only served to temporarily unbalance her as the floor lurched beneath
her feet. Blue made a run for it, but the trap she'd laid in the door
way came down on him like a lightening bolt, leaving him a smoldering
mess of burnt hair and flopping limbs.

Three of the four incapacitated, she gave up her stealth for the benefit
of position, leaping towards the edge of the platform and screaming out
curse after curse.

"*Dirumpor! Excido caput! Sangui ferventi!*"

The last one must have caught him for there was an ear splitting shriek
and sickening wet sound, and then all was silent. Larousse took a deep
breath, feeling her heart racing and her hands shaking. She remained
where she was for several moments, knowing none of the those still alive
would be getting up any time soon, and tried to compose herself. It took
longer than she expected. It had been too long since she was in the
field.

At last, when her hands were still, she cautiously climbed down the
stairs, her wand poised in case she had missed some one. There was no
one else. She checked each of her prisoners, casting revealing charms on
them, but aside from the woman no one was in disguise.

None of them was Moody.

Dammit.

---

Voldemort received news of Larousse's misadventure twenty minutes after
she had contacted Morgan. To say he was surprised was an understatement.
After the woman had left his office last week, he hadn't thought he'd
hear from her again. He wasn't entirely sure he was pleased to be proven
wrong.

He had been impressed with her ambition, with her drive, when she had
first sought audience with him. Her familial interests weren't as
attractive, but he could appreciate her vision. She had a dream, and she
dreamed big, and that was always a thing to admire.

It didn't necessarily mean he'd allow her dreams to come true.

She was crazy, after all.

"Clarence, get in here," he commanded, and a moment later his secretary
entered, carefully sidestepping the cursed filing cabinet. "I need to
you to contact Commander Malfoy or his wife and tell them to extend an
invitation to Vesper Larousse for their Christmas party. Make it clear
this is not a suggestion."

"Yes, sir," his servant said dutifully, scribbling down his instructions
on his note pad.

"Also, inform Headmistress Lestrange that I will be pulling Harry out of
school for the Solistice. Three days at least. The werewolves will
remain behind. You should probably inform my house staff as well."

"This will be your Bristol estate, correct?"

"Yes, but I want my London suite open just in case."

"Very good, sir. Anything else?"

"Press conference tomorrow morning, don't bother with a specific time,
but tell them it's important. Morgan's made a break in the Moody case."

"Excellent news, sir."

Voldemort's only response was to gesture the man to leave. Alone again,
he reviewed his schedule for the next couple of weeks, filling in new
information and making a note to cancel some meetings and make room for
others. The latest break in the Moody case was encouraging, but not
necessarily the end of things. The conspirators probably didn't have a
clue about Moody, but they made delicious fodder for the press. It could
prove troublesome if, despite the capture of his supposed allies, the
real fugitive remained free for long.

It would embarrass the Sentinels. Of course, so would the knowledge that
a civilian had succeeded where the Court had failed. He would need to
speak with Larousse soon.

What a mess. If had known Larousse was this capable he wouldn't have
fired her all those years ago. Morgan had warned him. Ah, but what else
could he do? Aside from let the werewolves kill her... come to think of
it that was still an option. But no, that was no way to treat Severus'
fiancee. Crazy or not, she was perfect for him.

Not so much for Harry, he thought, but then who was?

If any woman were to influence his young protege, she was as likely as
anyone. Severus and his new bride adopting Harry would relieve a lot of
political tension resulting from Harry's parentage. Loyal parents meant
a loyal child in the public eye, and if they weren't his real parents it
was a minor detail. Harry's new parents would be the one reaping the
rewards of his position, after all.

He had to speak with Harry first, not so much to ask his opinion, but to
gage his over all reaction. Snape had been reporting an increasing
independence in Harry, and Voldemort was loath to cripple its
development. Adoption could work in either direction, creating either
reliance or rebellion.

Tomorrow's Christmas party would be essential in determining his
decisions on several matters. How would the other purebloods respond to
Larousse's re-emergence after years of social exile and her eventual
marriage to Severus? How serious was his potion's master about marrying
her anyway? Did his plans truly align with her dreams? Would Larousse
attempt to push her bid for adoption after her recent exploit? How would
Harry respond to Voldemort's mention of possible adoption? He wasn't
going to rush into these matters until he had a clearer view of the
situation, and Harry's adoption wouldn't likely be resolved before the
end of the year, but he wanted a definite idea of where things stood.

The Solstice was another matter entirely. It had been months since he'd
been able to spend any time with Harry, and now was an important time
for his protégé. The boy was emerging into his own, magically and
politically, and Voldemort wanted to be there. The Solstice was the
perfect opportunity for him to teach Harry some more of the arcane
magics, to discuss the nuances of politics, and just generally reconnect
away from everyone else.

He was surprised to find himself looking forward to it.

He supposed that meant he should go downstairs and torture his new
prisoners. It wouldn't do to being going soft *now*.