# The Serpent King and the Huntress

Voldemort lingered at Hogwarts for another day, a calculated risk given the
latest security failures, but there were some issues he wished to address
before he left and the day before was too chaotic. Besides, he needed the
night to analyze the many facets of the lies he had told, and how he might
exploit them.

And there were so many wonderful ways to exploit the situation, so many
different people he could manipulate.

But there was also the danger of the truth. Not that his lie would be exposed,
but the truth was as frightening to Voldemort as the lie must have been to
Blackbone.

Dumbledore wanting Harry dead? No, the old bat had found a better use for the
boy. Or really, he had stolen Voldemort's idea. The man was slipping in his
old age.

Quick had indeed been kidnapped, but he had never so much as glimpsed Moody.
Some traitorous citizens had taken advantage of the fugitive's escape to
kidnap the former Death Eater, and after several weeks of meticulous
applications of occlumency and potions and simple torture, Quick had broken.
The man had been sent to contact, not kill, young Harry, on behalf of a
'family friend' and lure him out of the castle so that he might have been
kidnapped and presumably slipped out of the country and into Europe. And there
the Wizarding World would wait to hear how 'horrible' and 'evil' and
'hopeless' life in Britain had become, and how the young boy just barely
managed to survive against incredible odds and finally escaped to beg their
aid in over throwing the tyrant king.

The idea, though clever and manipulative, brought on a powerful rage in the
Dark Lord. Harry belonged to *him*, not anyone else. That anyone would attempt
to steal his protege and use him against his mentor, against his own
countrymen was unforgivable. After taking Britain and rebuilding her in his
image, he had been content with his successes. His deepest hatred for his old
nemesis had dissipated into smug indifference. Now it rose and burned like a
phoenix from the ashes once again.

A gentle chime drew him out of his internal storm, and upon checking the
magical signature of his visitor, swept the mental maelstrom away. He would
save his rage for the traitors once they were found, but right now his
audience required a far gentler touch.

"Enter," he said, and Harry stepped into the office. This was the second time
Harry had come to him alone and of his own accord, and though he looked a bit
unsure, it pleased the Dark Lord. It saved him the hassle of summoning him.

"What happened to your desk?"

The beautiful mahogany desk Sirius had destroyed required more than a simple
repair spell, and was currently being pulled back together by Industrious
Sprites. They are a wizard made creature vaguely resembling sprites and about
the size of female termites, whose sole purpose was to repair antiquities made
of wood, bone, or leather. Voldemort could easily understand why the pile of
wood covered in these creepy-crawlies in the middle of the office might draw
the boy's attention, but he doubted it was why he was there.

"Never mind that. You wished to speak with me?"

Harry hesitated, then fidgeted for a moment, before finally sighing.

"Yeah... I... I'd like a favor."

Voldemort felt a peak of curiosity. Harry never asked for things.

"I don't give gifts, Harry," he reminded, "But tell me what you want and I'll
see what I can do."

Again he hesitated. He looked around the office for a moment, and finally
reclaimed a mostly in tact chair from the pile on the floor, brushing off a
few of the irritated little sprites before sitting down. To Voldemort's
amusement that seemed to calm him, sitting in a chair across from his desk,
however little remained of it. It was comfortably familiar.

"I'd like the taboo on my parents' names removed."

It was to the point and not particularly unusual or extreme as favors go,
which Voldemort liked, but the reasoning behind the timing was elusive enough
that he wanted a bit more of an explanation.

"Any particular reason you want this *now*?"

"I've got a lot of reasons... mostly... well, you're going to have to do it
eventually any way, aren't you?"

"Why do you say that?"

"Everyone wants to know who my parents are now, and I... I'm not ashamed of
them. There isn't any reason why they shouldn't know, but I can't tell anyone
until the taboo is lifted. Everyone is just going to keep thinking I'm your
illegitimate son or grandson or Sirius's son or any number of weird ideas,
unless I set the record straight."

"I'm rather fond of the 'Grandson Rumor'," Voldemort said, which was true, "It
resolved several other rumors about my sexual orientation." Which wasn't true,
but making Harry blush was fun.

"... are you going to do it or not?"

Darn, the boy knew when he was being teased. Should he oblige the request? It
was true he was going to have to do it eventually, and with Dumbledore's
latest move, perhaps now was the perfect time. After all, if the public wasn't
outraged by the attempted assassination of a child, they would certainly be
disgusted by the assassination of the child of one of the old coot's own
supporters. Perhaps this could even be seen as a symbolic reconciliation
between the past and present. Ah, there were definitely benefits, as long as
he could keep his own followers' outrage at being socially usurped by the
enemy's child out of the papers. If the Court officials kicked up too much of
a fuss it could cause some serious setbacks in his plans for Harry, and
perhaps stir up even more enemies against his vulnerable protege than were
currently plaguing him.

It was a risky move. It grew riskier every day, but that was as good of a
reason to do it now as any. Harry would at least have public sympathy on his
side with the attempted murders and no one could accuse him of 'fraternizing'
with an enemy that wanted him dead. The situation wasn't going to get better
than this.

However, Harry didn't know any of this. It was the perfect opportunity to
demand compensation for this 'favor'. He let out a put upon sigh, and settled
in his own chair across from the boy.

"Very well, but on one condition."

"Which is?"

"You sit through an interview with the press."

For a moment it looked as if Harry were going to retch, but he quickly
composed himself.

"Why?"

"It doesn't really matter does it? That is the price you must pay."

Harry thought for a bit.

"What will they ask me? How will I know which questions I can even answer? I
know there are a lot of things you don't want me talking about."

"The questions should be limited to recent events and probably inquiries about
your life with your parents and how you ended up at WYRA and then Hogwarts. I
will have one of my people there to safe guard against any... inappropriate
questions. I'll try to keep the number of interviewers down to half a dozen."

"The Hogwarts' Herald?"

"It would be appropriate to invite them, but I won't if it bothers you."

"No... so long as it isn't Parker... or Weasley, I'm fine."

"So you agree?"

"Yeah..."

Voldemort made an annoyed sound.

"'Yeah' is such ridiculous word. It implies a lack of resolve and enthusiasm.
On paper it expresses a lack of character. I recommend you refrain from using
it during your interviews, along with any other vague and unclear words such
as 'sure', 'whatever', and 'ya know'. Don't shrug either. It drives the
interviewers crazy and makes for very boring quotes."

"Yes, my Lord," Harry said, sulky from the reprimand.

"Good. Now, have you been informed of the current circumstances?"

"You mean that a lot more people than we thought want me dead? Yeah... I mean
yes, yes, Remus was very thorough in his explanations. I can't say I
understand though. What did I ever do to this Dumbledore guy?"

"Nothing. Absolutely nothing. However, now that we've caught him with his hand
in the cookie jar, I doubt he'll make another attempt for quite some time if
ever. Even the Europeans, who despise the British, draw the line at murdering
school children. He can deny any involvement once, but he'll lose all foreign
support if he's caught trying again."

Harry just shook his head. Politics escaped him, especially foreign politics.
That was just how Voldemort preferred it.

"Was there anything else?"

Harry considered for a moment, then smiled a bit impishly.

"Can I...er... *May* I have access to my family vault?"

That was a completely different subject the Dark Lord was not willing to
address yet.

"Ask again after you graduate."

This didn't seem to surprise Harry, who just shrugged, then remembered he
wasn't suppose to do that and replied, "Yes, sir, I'll do that."

Voldemort was far more amused than he probably should be, but he didn't
question it. He wasn't a masochist or a dramatist. He liked feeling good.
Which reminded him.

"How are you feeling, Harry? You appear to be handling all this stress
admirably, but if you require a few days away you are welcome to join me
London."

Harry shook his head ruefully.

"Just a little tired. Nothing to skip school over. Besides, I still have make
up assignments and detentions from my *last* brush with death."

He climbed to his feet, preparing to depart without being dismissed first.
Poor form, but Voldemort saw no point in scolding him a second time. He didn't
want to become a nag. Harry surprised him by asking one more question.

"You... you've had to deal with this... this constant danger for years,
decades even, right?"

Voldemort nodded.

"How do you... deal with it? Knowing that someone is trying to take your life?
To undo everything you've made for yourself and everyone you care about?"

The Dark Lord thought for a long moment, deciding between the truth or
something more appropriate for Harry's age. The truth won out, as a fuzzy
platitude might lower the boy's guard and ultimately result in his death or
injury.

"I killed them first."

---
---

Afternoon tea in the tower was unusually tense. Snape supposed it was too much
to ask Vesper to remain unfazed by the last couple of days. He wasn't feeling
particularly focused either. Betrayed was more accurate. Hypocritical to be
sure, but the potion's master couldn't help feeling as if he'd been conned.
With the announcement that Dumbledore was trying to kill Potter, still nothing
more than a precocious child, his world was tilting, shifting unpredictably.

Snape wasn't a man who put much faith in the good versus evil, light versus
dark as a way of the universe. He figured that was just how the naïve or the
philosophically lazy defined the nature of the world simply enough for them to
understand and explain to their offspring. After all this time it was
humiliating to discover he was guilty of the same stereotyping.

Dumbledore was the good wizard of the light. Voldemort was the evil wizard of
the dark.

But now the evil dark wizard was the only defense an innocent boy had against
the good light wizard. And Potter was innocent. He was innocent, as only
children and the stupidly idealistic can be.

Snape was, himself, a dark wizard, yet he never denied the importance of light
wizardry either. It was a balance not a competition, but now Dumbledore had
gone and thrown it all out of whack. This was more than disappointment he
felt. This was uncertainty.

Now what?

"Severus..."

He looked toVesper, twisting her napkin in an unusual display of nerves. The
last couple of days had stressed her, her strange affection for Potter coming
in conflict with her deep hatred for the werewolves he seemed love. She hadn't
let it interfere with her classes or responsibilities, but quiet leisure time
like now demonstrated a serious lack of her usual poise.

"Yes, madam?" he said cautiously.

She was quiet for a moment, then looked him directly in the eye. Even as a
skilled legilimens, Snape couldn't interpret her piercing gaze. Whatever she
saw seemed to calm her a bit, and she set the napkin down.

"... What are your thoughts on marriage?"

He looked at her blankly for a long moment, then set down his tea cup.

"A noble idea, and thusly unrealistically romanticized, and generally a
disappointment in the context of everyday life. Why?"

"I want to marry you, Severus."

He was suddenly very glad he put down his tea cup else he would have dropped
it in his lap.

"What?"

"I think we're as perfect a match as either of us will ever come. We're close
in age and maturity. We share similar interests, politics, and education
levels. I find you attractive, and I believe you feel the same. I think we
should get married."

He just looked at her for a long moment. She had good points, but he hadn't
thought of marriage in all the time he had spent with her and wasn't sure if
that meant he should think on it more or refuse her right out of hand.

"This is sudden... and rather suspicious. When did you make this decision?"

"When I read your personnel file over the summer."

She had decided she wanted to marry him before they had even met? Well, it
certainly explained her aggressive courtship thus far, but it didn't explain
*why*.

"That's very pragmatic. I trust you shopped around first?"

"Three years of 'shopping around'. You're the first one that's held my
interest at all."

"I'm flattered."

And he was, strangely enough. He had never considered himself particularly
attractive, physically or personally, but for a woman as charming and lovely
as Vesper to imply he was after a rather extensive search was an interesting
sort of compliment. Rather cold blooded, but he was a Slytherin and could
appreciate that. Aside from some juvenile fantasies of marriage to Lily, he
had never really entertained the idea of marrying as more than long-term
business contract.

"And why do wish to marry me? Why do you wish to marry at all? I doubt it's
for love."

That was perhaps a bit cruel to say, but Vesper didn't seem bothered by it.

"I think I could love you, Severus. I don't think that would be hard at all,
but you're right. I have other reasons. More than being your wife, I want to
be a mother again. I want children, and I don't have many more years left to
make that possible."

Severus relaxed a little in to his chair. So that was it? Not so cold blooded
as he first thought, after all. A tad admirable even.

"And you think I would be a suitable father? You should be well aware of my
impatience with children, particularly young ones."

"You're an honorable man in your own way, Severus. *Strong* and honorable, if
a bit bad tempered. I don't think it's necessary for our children to like you,
so much as respect you. I know you would protect your family. I've seen how
you are with your godson and goddaughter."

"What would I get out of this?"

"The same thing you would get out of the arranged marriage the Dark Lord will
eventually demand of you, only you'd know what you were getting. Heirs from a
woman with a long line of powerful witches and wizards, a rather sizable
inheritance, complete fidelity, and I'm told I'm actually quite pretty."

Severus chuckled at that. He wasn't looking for a bride, but he'd known for a
long time now that Voldemort was looking for him. The Dark Lord had been
called hypocritical for his policies on muggle-born adoption after decades of
tormenting them, but he had been just as vigorous with pure-blood restoration.
The general consensus amongst pureblood families had been one male child and
heir per household, a risky policy should said male child die unexpectedly or
prove incapable of continuing the line. With stricter and simpler laws on
inheritance, tax breaks for multiple child households, and a propaganda
campaign supporting the large family as the ideal family, the birth rate had
nearly tripled over the last ten years. The percentage of single adult wizards
and witches was less than half of what it had been.

There were government plans to aid single wizards in finding suitable life
partners, but when it came to Death Eaters, Voldemort liked to meddle
personally. If he thought a particular pair was suitable, he would 'suggest'
it. If he thought the pair wasn't, he'd right out forbid it. Severus had
avoided the last two 'suggestions' the Dark Lord had given him thus far; one
committed suicide (luckily it had nothing to do with him) and the other eloped
while he was busy teaching at Hogwarts. Voldemort hadn't given up, but he was
very careful with his selections, and they were not his first concern while
running the country. Severus supposed he might as well marry on his own terms
before a third 'suggestion' came along.

But there was something he needed to know first.

"And where does Potter fit in all of this?"

She looked startled, and then rather nervous.

"What do you..."

"Let's not start a potential betrothal with games, my dear. You came to this
school with two people on your mind. One was me, apparently, and the other was
definitely Potter. What plans have you made for him, I wonder?"

She conceded with a nod. Severus was a very observant man, one of the things
she respected about him, but she was going to have to learn to conceal her
thoughts and motives better if they were going to marry. Until then she would
have to gamble with point blank honesty.

"I want to adopt him."

Severus laughed at that, earning him a rather dour frown from his companion.
After almost a minute, he managed to compose himself into reserved amusement
and they continued.

"Have you any idea what you're saying? You can't adopt Potter. That's like
saying you want to adopt the Dalai Lama."

"Oh, please, Severus, I'm not a fool. I know the obstacles. There's really
only one. If I can convince the Dark Lord-"

"Or Satan. I think you'd have better luck with Satan."

"Now *you're* being melodramatic. Honestly, Severus, what is the harm in
asking? We're already his guardians. We're perfect choices for his parents."

"We?"

Severus shuddered. Potter as his son? He'd rather set up his potion's lab in
the Hogwarts' sewer.

"As if it would be any different than things are now. You already see him
regularly with classes and he spent the summer with you too. I think you feel
some affection for him."

"You overstep your bounds. My concern over Potter's wellbeing is directly
related to my concern over my *own* wellbeing. In case you forgot, the Dark
Lord entrusted him to me and *I* will be the one punished for the child's
every misstep."

She smiled knowingly.

"That's not the only reason though, is it? He is his mother's son, after all,"
she said.

Severus' froze, staring at her blankly, before rising to his feet and heading
for the door. She panicked when she saw him escape, and quickly rose herself
to stop wait.

"Wait, Severus, I'm sorry, I'm *sorry*. That was completely uncalled for. I
won't mention her again. I promise. Just wait."

Pity was not a feeling he was prone to, but felt inclined to show some modicum
of mercy, however undeserved. He stopped at the door, looking back at her,
waiting for her to convince him or blow her chance once and for all.

"Alright, you don't care about Harry," she said, "but you're stuck with him,
one way or another. Wouldn't it be better to reap some benefit? For yourself?
For your children?"

He turned back to her and leaned against the door frame, saying nothing, but
showing some vague interest. She took a breath to calm herself and continued.

"The Dark Lord has a personal investment in Harry's safety. Safety that a
young family such as ours would benefit from. We've both come from pureblood
families with prominent names, but those were lost to me when I married and to
you when your mother married. You managed to gain a reputation through your
talents with potions and your service to the Dark Lord, but that isn't
inheritable. With someone like Harry in the family, we would be guaranteed the
Dark Lord's protection and our children would benefit by merely associating
with him."

"Or be assassinated for associating with him. He has a rather bad track record
of that. Come now, Vesper, surely you've got better arguments than this. You
did very well with the marriage one."

"I wasn't expecting to defend the idea so soon," she admitted, and sigh. "I
don't suppose you'd give me a week to come up with better ones?"

He considered.

"Just tell me one thing. If you had to choose between marrying me and adopting
Potter, which would you choose?"

She barely even hesitated.

"I'd marry you."

"Then I accept. You still have to convince me about Potter though. I'll give
you a week," he said, and then wandered out the door. He smiled in amusement
at the muffled 'YES!' that drifted through the door.

Really now, what was he thinking? Marriage? To that crazy woman? Perhaps he
was just disoriented from Dumbledore's latest plot, or perhaps she had put
something in his tea. Whatever the case, he felt strangely happy as he
descended the tower steps. Thoughts of dashing all those young boy's delusions
of romance with their DA&D professor almost had him giggling.

It was definitely the tea.

---
---

The first people Harry wanted tell about the removal of the taboo were his
godfathers. He thought they would appreciate exactly what he had accomplished
more than his friends would, and even that they would be proud of him. So he
searched for them, but he may as well have been searching London. There were
so many places the werewolves could be, hunting the halls and grounds for
would-be assassins, and Harry couldn't go to half of them under his current
restrictions.

The only thing he managed to find were some seventh years snogging in a
classroom and a couple of GGs. He finally gave up and decided to head back to
his common room when he was grabbed from behind and pulled into a secret
passage way. He immediately screamed and kicked and elbowed his abductor in
the ribs and bit the hand cover his mouth.

"Ow!"

He was immediately dropped, and he bolted for the exit, but was grabbed again
by someone else.

"Hold on, Prongslet, it's just us! It's just Sirius and I!" Remus whispered
quickly, and Harry immediately relaxed. He pulled out his wand and cast Lumos
to see them better. Sirius was inspecting his wounded hand, but flinched away
from the light.

"Tone it down, Harry. I just got my eyes to adjust," he said, and Harry made
the light as dim as he could and still see. The boy let out an aggravated
sound.

"Bloody hell, what were you two thinking grabbing me like that? You nearly
gave me a heart attack!"

"Serves you right for wandering around the castle alone. We've been following
you since you left Voldemort's office. Did you know we weren't the only ones
following you?"

Harry looked startled. He hadn't even thought to look, he had been so focused
on his search. How could he be so stupid?

"Who else was following me?"

"Either it was one of the school reporters or the youngest pervert I have ever
seen," Sirius said, "Nice bite by the way. You're lucky I'm wearing gloves or
you might have spent the last month sucking down silver nitrate and
wolfsbane."

Harry peeked out of their hiding place, a rickety corridor that followed the
entire east wing of the fourth floor, the entrance hidden in the shadows of a
support column. Sure enough, Greystoke came floating down the hallway like
some sort of dementor in training, his eyes shifting about for his lost prey.
Eventually, the older boy disappeared down the corridor, and Harry turned back
to his godfathers.

"Sorry, I wasn't thinking clearly. I'll be more careful."

Remus patted him on the head, and lead him back out into the open halls,
Sirius bringing up the rear. Sirius cuffed him upside the head.

"Damn well better be. Why were you even out here by yourself? Did Lord Creepy
summon you?"

Harry rubbed the back of his head, but still managed a smirk.

"No. I went to ask him a favor."

His godfathers looked more worried than he thought was strictly necessary.

"I didn't ask him to kill anyone, geez!"

"It's not that Harry," Remus said, "It's just we don't like the idea of you
making deals with that... man."

"Don't worry about it. I'm not making a habit of it, but this was important
and only he could do it."

Neither of his godfathers looked pleased.

"Dare I ask?"

"I got him to take the taboo off of mom and dad's names."

"What?!"

Harry couldn't help feeling a bit smug at their discomfiture. They both seemed
to be struggling to understand what he was saying, and then whether or not
they could still scold him or not. They didn't seem to making much progress,
though the expressions that passed between them were pretty funny in Harry's
opinion.

"How?" Sirius said at last.

"I pointed out how he would have to do it eventually anyway. He couldn't have
people thinking I was his illegitimate kid forever. All I really had to do was
agree to an interview, which gag me, isn't so bad. It's a small price to pay
to reclaim my family's honor."

Sirius paced the width of the hallway, running his hands through his hair in
agitation. There really wasn't any way to argue with Harry on that point. When
Voldemort had taken power, and the name of Potter fell into disgraced
anonymity, it had pained Sirius more deeply than the end of his own family's
name. The Potters had virtually adopted Sirius after he was disowned, and
amongst those kind and noble people he had finally felt the pride of being
part of a family that fifteen years of rhetoric hadn't instilled in him for
his biological one.

Yet to have the name of Potter returned by the very man who destroyed it
smacked of its own sort of dishonor. Sirius didn't doubt Harry's intentions,
but his godson was still just a child, and he felt perhaps he was confusing
honor with pride. It wasn't something he felt qualified to lecture Harry on.
To a werewolf pride and honor *were* the same thing, and though the wizard in
him knew the difference, he wasn't eloquent enough to explain it to a thirteen
year old. Remus, a beta by standing and an omega by nature since childhood,
hadn't had pride or honor for all the years Sirius had known him. Loyalty and
gentle nobility were as close as the man came, and though he loved him for it,
they didn't qualify him to explain either.

"I thought you would both be happier," Harry said, disappointment clear.

Sirius sighed, and ruffled the boy's hair affectionately. Who was he to
belittle what Harry had done? It was certainly more than most men would be
able to achieve, and in the end the honor of the Potter name lay in Harry, not
Voldemort, to dishonor or glorify. He managed a smile.

"I am. And I'm proud of you, and I know your father would be very proud too.
Do you think you're ready to uphold your family name all on your own? It's a
big responsibility."

"I can do it, I think. I just have to do the right thing, don't I? Like obey
the law and don't sleep with other people's wives and stuff like that, right?"

That earned him genuine laugh from both werewolves. Such a simplistic answer,
like saying babies came from a cabbage patch. Naïve and sweetly innocent.

"What's so funny?"

"Nothing," Sirius said, "That's close enough to the truth for now, I suppose.
You'll figure the rest of it out as you go. Just concentrate on doing the
right thing for now, and we'll help you out if you get stuck."

Harry was perplexed. What exactly was he expected to do? It couldn't be too
hard. Draco hardly did anything at all, and still managed to make the name of
Malfoy seem like some sort of demi-god all should lay down to worship.

Sirius put his arm around Harry's shoulder, and started leading him down the
hall, Remus following behind with his wand drawn and one eye always checking
behind them.

"Lets get something to eat from the kitchen, and you can tell us what else
you've been up to aside from reclaiming your name from Lord Doom and Gloom and
avoiding another brush with death. Do you have a girlfriend yet?"

Harry blushed, earning another laugh from the werewolf. He had forgotten how
embarrassing Sirius could be. It was still nice though. Walking and talking
about the menial and extravagant of everyday life with adults who not only
cared but could be trusted.

---
---

They spent the hour before dinner making nuisances of themselves in the
kitchen, requesting dishes from the house elves that didn't exist and then
daring each other to try the mystery concoctions that ended up in front of
them. Harry told them about Natalie, who he liked but didn't entirely trust,
and Ginny, who he trusted but hadn't really thought of romantically. He told
them about Ron's trick on Hermione, and how he became the vice captain, and
how this was the second time quidditch had been canceled for a season. He told
them about Professor Larousse.

Then, they told *him* about Professor Larousse.

"She's a serial killer," Sirius said, bluntly, "The werewolves' public enemy
number one. She's killed at least a dozen that we know about, and most of
those weren't in their wolf form either. We don't know how many she's done in
and never gotten caught. If it weren't for the Snake and Wolf treaty, she
would probably still have kept killing, but even she's not crazy enough to
come into our territory without Court support. As it is, I'm having a serious
problem being within sight of her. I can't swear to either of our safety if we
find ourselves alone together."

Harry was horrified. He knew Larousse didn't like werewolves, a lot of witches
and wizards didn't, but hadn't realized her position was so extreme. She had
seemed so nice!

"Why? Why does she hate werewolves so much?"

Here, Remus cut in before Sirius went on a tirade about her being a stupid
curse-happy whore. His mate had a problem with objectivity when it came to
certain things, and Larousse was one of them.

"Most of use believe it's a revenge thing, others believe it's a sort of
crusade. You know her husband and son were killed by the old Ministry?"

Harry nodded.

"Well, after that the only family she had left was her brother and his wife
and daughter. They were very close. Her sister-in-law contracted a severe case
of lycanthrosis. No one is sure if she was raped and covered it up or she had
an affair, but she must not have realized she was sick until it was too late.
The full moon came around and she went crazy. Killed her husband and daughter.
When she realized what she had done, she hung herself. So whether Larousse is
trying to avenge her family or trying to prevent it from ever happening to
anyone else, I couldn't tell you, but her views were extreme enough that she
got kicked out of the Sentinels for it. I'm amazed she was allowed to teach in
Hogwarts."

A heavy silence fell over them. Harry felt ill. He liked Larousse, he even
trusted her a little. She had been looking out for him all year, and though
that was awkward it was also kind of nice. Now he found out she was homicidal,
and her ideal target was people like his godfathers? Like Luna or Athena or
any number of the men, women, and children he had spent time with over the
summer?

Her story was tragic, loosing not only her husband and son but what remained
of her family shortly after. It had to have been unbearable, but to murder...
How many husbands had she killed? How many wives, fathers, mothers, sons,
daughters, brothers, sisters?

"She never said a thing... I didn't even know she didn't like werewolves until
she met you. Jesus..."

"Are you alright, Prongslet? You smell kind of... off," Remus said, rubbing
his shoulder soothingly.

"I don't know... It's just..."

He didn't know what he wanted to say or how he should feel. His teacher was a
mass murderer. What was the appropriate response to that?

"Come on, pup, we'll take you back to your room," Sirius said, helping his
godson to his feet. It hadn't been their intention to upset him, but there
were some things they felt he had to know.

Not to trust homicidal maniacs was one of them.

Although, they might have been three years too late for that lesson.
