# Royal Negotiations

Harry was up at an ungodly hour for a Saturday. It was a mortal sin for
any students to be up earlier on weekend than they were on a weekday,
but the young Gryffindor supposed that was the price of being a sneak.
He went through his morning routine as quietly as possible. All around
him his dorm mates snored and sniffled in their sleep, all warm and
cozy, and it wouldn't due to wake them. Clyde in particular would wonder
what he was up to.

Showered and dressed, he gathered up both his Baluvian cloak and his
regular black one and crept out of the tower. Sirius and Remus were
waiting for him with breakfast, eggs and sausage wrapped in a pancake,
and quickly escorted him into an empty corridor.

"Are you sure about this?" Remus asked quietly. "It's risky."

Sirius didn't look nearly as worried. "Nah, it'll be like old times.
Remember when we used to sneak out? We had a blast! Besides, if I don't
get out of this castle soon the *I'm* going to be risky. I haven't run
since the full moon."

"We weren't targeted for assassination."

"I don't know about that, Filch had it in for us. Snape too. We're lucky
Dum... er, the headmaster liked us so much or we'd have been expelled
for sure."

"Oh that's comforting," Harry said, irony hardly lost on him. "Though,
I've got something on the headmistress even if I did get caught I might
be able to get away with it."

Sirius chuckled. Remus did not.

"How much do you trust these Weasley boys?" the beta asked skeptically.

Harry considered.

"In what sense? They wouldn't rat me out or intentionally get me in
trouble. They've been good friends, even when the rest of Gryffindor
wasn't very happy with me."

Remus sighed and gave up. He wasn't going to convince Harry of
abandoning this venture, and even he doubted there was much to worry
about. The chances of Moody just waiting for Harry in Hogsmeade were
slim.

"Don't worry so much," Harry said. "I promise to be very careful."

After that, there really wasn't any turning back. They met the Weasley
twins just outside the owlry. They greeted Harry warmly, admired his
Baluvian cloak for a bit, then got down to business. George pulled out
what appeared to be a box of candy, and tossed it on the ground and
flicked his wand at it.

"*Revelo*."

Immediately, the box grew into a travel chest, covered in stickers
promoting tours and exotic foods and strange sights. Fred explained.

"This used to be our uncle Benjamin. He got to travel a lot during the
war, but he's stuck in Ireland now so he gave it to us. We never could
figure out how he afforded it, but we suspect he was doing some
smuggling for some extra cash."

The twins opened the box, which was filled with clothes. They ignored
those, and started tapping on the sides of the trunk and on the strange
symbols that were burned onto the bottom of it. The chest's sides fell
open and collections of strange objects fell out onto the inside of the
trunk. Harry could only stare curiously. He didn't recognize any of the
items.

Sirius must have though, because he let out a barking laugh.

"It's an Incognito Kit. Professional quality too. You're uncle really
was up to no good."

The twins grinned.

"We could say the same of you, Mr. Blackbone, if you actually recognize
what this is," Fred pointed out. Sirius just smirked.

"What's an Incognito Kit?" Harry asked.

Remus explained. "It's just what it sounds like. If you want to go out
in disguise then this is what you want to have. It contains all sorts of
magical objects and potions and props. Some less reputable shops will
sell them under the counter, but most people assemble them themselves."

"Neat. So we're going in disguise? Who am I going as? Why don't we just
use disguise charms?"

"Too easy to see through and they fade too quickly," Fred said. "And
you're going as Ron."

Harry made a face, and everyone laughed at him. "Ron is best. We know
he's staying at Hogwarts today, so you don't have to worry about running
into him and no one is going to question him wandering around," George
said.

"Especially Slytherins," Fred added.

"We can't just make up a person?"

"Too risky. There's going to be students all over the place. Someone is
bound to notice a strange kid hanging out with us. No one is going to
question Ron holiday shopping with his brothers."

Harry conceded, and they immediately went to work. The twins had ties
and scarves and badges from all of the Houses, and quickly replaced
Harry's Gryffindor colors. Potions followed next. One that tasted like
sour lemons turned his hair brilliant orangey-red (though it was as
ridiculously unmanageable as ever) and a coppery one gave him freckles.
They wanted to use a purple potion to temporarily fix his eyes, but
Harry knew from experience how unreliable such concoctions were.
Instead, he showed them all a trick or two by charming his glasses
invisible and making his eyes appear brown at the same time, both spells
he'd learned from Hermione's book for charming glasses she had given him
during first year. Bless her academic inclinations.

In the end, he looked very Weasley-ish, and as long as no one familiar
with Ron got a close look it would work out just fine.

They turned their attention to the two werewolves, and Remus very
reluctantly submitted himself to being dressed up like a GG. Sirius
refused.

"I've got the perfect disguise already," he said, then turning a warning
glare at the twins, "If you tell anyone about this, you die."

Within seconds Sirius' barbaric countenance was replaced by a rather
mangy looking dog. A big *mean* mangy looking dog. The twins just stood
there and goggled. Harry laughed in delight, and ran his fingers through
Sirius' coat. It was rough and wiry, and underneath he could feel
powerful muscles ripple with every movement. He was just the sort of dog
that could run with a werewolf without fear.

"That's incredible."

Sirius gave him a doggy smile and preened. Remus rolled his eyes.

"Don't inflate his ego anymore than it already is. Come on. We'll want
to get to Hogsmeade and back before the big crowds arrive. That should
give us until eleven."

"Aye, aye, Captain," the twins agreed.

"How are we going to get out?" Harry asked. "We'll look weird going
through the front gate."

"Yeah," Fred agreed, "Plus it won't open for another hour and then a
teacher will be posted to check for permission slips, which you don't
have. We're going to take an alternate route."

"The moat?"

"Normally, we could just walk over it, but the Sentinels but up wards
against that. Nope, it just so happens that the GGs left a nice little
opening in the wall and across the moat. We tested them yesterday. There
aren't any wards up there. There isn't any magic at all. I think the
castle would start attacking them if it sensed its walls were being torn
down."

Remus looked horrified. "You mean they left the castle completely
defenseless? Not even a sentry?"

"Well they warded both ends of the corridor, but they were careless.
They didn't know about the hidden passageway behind the tapestries."

Remus shook his head. He suppose, if nothing else, this trip would
reveal some of Hogwarts security risks. They traveled down a third floor
corridor and from there took several secret passages he could easily
remember from his youth, crossing into open areas only when necessary,
until at last they exited through a tapestry of a chimera and into the
construction area.

The air was cold, without protection from the outdoors, and bare but for
a few tapestries left on the walls. A series of white cloth tarps had
been hung to keep out snow and birds, and rippled from the wind. Harry
wrapped his Baluvian cloak tighter around himself, unprepared for the
nipping cold after spending so little time outside.

Sirius, in dog form, trotted ahead, sniffing the air for potential
danger. He made various doggy gestures that Remus interpreted for them
as 'all clear'. They slipped through the openings and into the open air.

The sky was dark blue to the west and brilliant pink to the east with
the rows of bright orange clouds, the tiniest speck of sun peeking over
the horizon. Harry smiled, taking in the simple grandeur of it, until
Fred urged him forward.

"Best be quick before someone spots us, yeah?"

There was only a bit of stone flooring left after exiting the flimsy
barriers before the walls simply disappeared. There were no piles of
rubble or broken pieces of stone, but a clean opening as if the castle
had been built with it there already. Beyond that the floor fell out
into what was once part of the moat, but now was little more than a
rocky ditch, slick from ice. They made their way down carefully, and
even more carefully climbed back out, their shoes and paws slipping
dangerously as they went.

"Now what?" Harry asked, once they were safely on the other side.

"Now we take you some place special. You won't believe it," George said.
Instead of heading towards the road like Harry thought they would, they
went further afield to a cluster of bare trees near the lake. He was
familiar with many of the trees. He'd had picnics underneath them with
his friends several times, but they had all been green and thick with
blooms. Only the Everbloom tree was in flower now, its large white
flowers barely visible through the layers of snow.

And out of all those trees, Harry was alarmed to see they were heading
straight for the Whomping Willow.

"Don't worry, Harry," Remus said. "I know where we're going now. The
Whomping Willow hibernates this deep into winter."

A bit uneasily, Harry followed the others. Sirius seemed to know exactly
where to go, for he rushed for a spot at the base of the tree, and after
a few moments of digging, disappeared.

"How did you-" the twins begin.

"This was our school long before it was yours," Remus said, then climbed
in. Harry followed cautiously, then the twins.

---

Harry was flabbergasted to learn that the most haunted place in Britain
was anything but. The Shrieking Shack was quiet and spooky, but the only
dead things lingering there were cobwebs. By now the twins were
interrogating Remus about how much he knew about Hogwart's many secrets
and what adventures he'd had there, as both student and werewolf. It
seemed Harry's godliness somehow extended to his godfathers now, and
Fred and George were starry eyed as they made their way into Hogsmeade.

Harry left his trademark fur cloak at the shack, assured that it would
be perfectly safe there, and traded it for his now much cleaner and
drier school cloak. Sirius and Remus went on ahead so as not to arouse
suspicion, and the twins immediately dragged Harry to Zonko's. The store
wasn't open yet, but the clerks were puttering around the store in
preparation for the holiday rush. They all seemed to recognize the twins
and unlocked the door to let them in.

"Welcome, welcome! You've brought one of your brothers! Which one is
this, I don't recognize him." greeted a congenial man with coke-bottle
glasses and a dark green mustache.

"This is Eric," Fred said, "And he's a cousin. He's got the Weasley gift
though."

"Ah, very good. Then you'll have to show him some of the new stuff. It's
in the Special Clients room," the man said, and winked. The twins
grinned and immediately took him towards the back. Harry looked around,
amazed at the array of novelties and oddities that filed every shelf and
display case and storage bin.

"There will be time for that later," Fred assured him. "The best stuff
is always in back."

---

And the twins were right. All of the best stuff was in back, and they
seemed to have access to the back room of every shop in Hogsmeade. They
charmed, flattered, impressed, and conned their way into the hearts of
the owners and clerks, and none seemed immune. Harry bought several one
of a kind items and even some art supplies and supplies for creating or
specializing some other gifts. He spent way more than he probably should
have, but managed to hand over just a little bit more for treats at
Madam Pudifoots to thank the twins.

It was a wonderful morning, and just what he needed. Blessed anonymity
and time spent with friends, doing normal things without worrying about
attacks or gossip. Sirius and Remus only made themselves known briefly,
usually just long enough to glimpse each other, and it seemed Remus had
managed some shopping as well because at one point Harry saw he had a
long narrow box.

It was 11:20am when they finally returned to the castle, tired but
relaxed and happy. The GGs had shown up for construction, so Harry and
the twins had to sneak back into the castle from the front, slipping in
when a large group was coming out, their scarves and hats pulled around
their faces as if to fight off the cold. Vector was so busy checking
permission slips going out, she didn't even bother checking on those
students coming back in.

Remus had wandered in through the construction site, no one paying any
mind to him as they toiled like ants. Sirius stayed outside for another
hour, running around the grounds on the pretext of checking for Moody or
any other unusual smells, but Harry and Remus both knew he was enjoying
his romp. He eventually reappeared back at their private room. There was
bits of fur and blood on his face and clothes. Remus identified it as
rabbit.

After removing his disguise and carefully stowing his things in his
trunk, they all went down to lunch. Harry was quite convinced they had
managed to pull things off without a hitch, until Hermione came up
behind him in the Great Hall and slapped him upside the head.

"Harold James Potter," she snarled, "Where have you been?! I looked all
over the castle this morning!"

He rubbed his head, and awarded her an annoyed look.

"I was with Sirius and Remus, alright mother?"

"Where? I tried a Locating Spell and still couldn't find you!"

"Calm down. I've got an anti-locating spell on me since the poisoning.
So no one can stalk me... unless they have the counter-spell of course."

She let out a frustrated sound and sat down.

"I don't suppose you've read the paper, then?"

Harry felt his good mood plummet. He hated the line 'have you read the
paper?' Nothing good seemed to come from it. Seeing that he hadn't, she
handed him her copy and continued.

"There's been a break in the Moody case. There was a raid yesterday
morning and three people were caught and another one killed. None were
Moody, but it's definitely progress."

It was good news after all. The picture on the front showed three rather
battered looking individuals being hauled away in a crowd of uniforms
and camera flashes.

"That's great. Where was this?"

"Edinburgh. That isn't far from here. But that isn't all."

Okay, so the news might not be all good.

"What?"

Hermione leaned in, talking low.

"I think Professor Larousse helped catch them!"

"What?! I thought she took the week off because she was sick?"

"No, she took her sick days off, but you don't need to be sick for
those. Listen, she was gone since Tuesday, but just after these arrests
Draco got an owl from Lucius with an invitation to our Christmas Party
for her. I think she left to help catch the terrorists and what ever she
did worked, and now she's in good with the Dark Lord. I think *he* is
the one that invited her."

"I don't know, Hermione, that's kind of a stretch."

"Not really. She is an ex-Sentinel and she's been really worried about
the attacks on you and the school, so I don't think it would be weird of
her to find some way to help."

"Or Snape could have asked for her to be invited. You know, like as a
date? They're pretty chummy," Harry pointed out.

She just shook her head. "He wouldn't have asked last minute. I've got a
feeling about this. Call it journalistic instinct."

Harry wasn't so sure.

"Then she's back in the castle?"

"I don't know. Draco had to drop off her invite with Uncle Severus."

"Well, if she shows up tonight, you can always ask her. I think the
paper would have mentioned it though, but I'd give you props if your
theory turns out to be true."

"You want to make a wager on it?" she challenged. He smirked at her.

"I learned my lesson from your mistake, thanks."

"Harry!"

---

The remainder of the day was spent getting ready for that night. He
wrapped a few of his Christmas gifts, and then set to work on looking
presentable. This created an opportunity to reconnect with Clyde and
Ginny. They dragged out some of the formal clothes from Harry's closet,
rifled through an issue of Wizarding Wardrobe that Draco had lent
(thrown at) him, and got to work.

Ginny's mother had taught her how to make clothes, not so much as a
profession, but out of a need to conserve funds and she admitted most of
her own wardrobe was handmade. Harry, remembering the twin's smooth
talking lines in Hogsmeade, tried a few of them on her, saying he
desperately needed her talents and he didn't trust anyone else to help
him. She'd turned red and stuttered, but agreed.

Clyde worked as a counterweight to Ginny's stylistic preferences. She
enjoyed ornamentation and patterns. Clyde was quick to point out when
she was turning Harry's clothes into a dress with pants. They argued and
teased each other, and laughed whenever Harry had to try on their
creation that didn't work. Most of them didn't. At last, after several
rounds of hysterical laughter at Harry's expense, Ginny had managed to
re-make the clothes Voldemort had given him. They were tighter, making
Harry look taller with a white high collar that remained partially
unbuttoned and over extended lapel for his black jacket embroidered with
an even darker black thorns in velvet, that seemed to grow before the
eyes. It gave him a roguish vampire look, sans the unattractive layer of
grave dirt of course.

"You're a genius, Ginny!" Harry said, and he meant it too. He looked
*good*. Even Clyde was looking impressed.

"Not bad. I didn't think someone as tom boyish as you would be able to
pull it off!"

"Oh, shut up Clyde!"

He thanked her profusely for several more minutes, before he realized he
was running out of time. He brushed his hair (useless), cleaned his
teeth, trimmed his nails, polished his shoes, and charmed his glasses
invisible (the twins had insisted he went 'rimless' for a night). While
he was busy, Clyde opened his trunk to get his Baluvian cloak and made a
rather startling discovery.

"Harry, why is your cloak all wet and dirty?"

"Er..."

Ginny looked horrified.

"You didn't go *outside* did you?!"

"Um... just this once. And I had Sirius and Remus with me. Honest!"

"Harry!" both his friends exclaimed. He hushed them with his finger.

"Do you *want* the entire school to know?" he said, "I was careful, and
it was only to get some shopping done, and all those people got caught
yesterday in Edinburgh. I promise it was just this once."

Ginny didn't look at all convinced, but Clyde seemed to understand.

"I get it mate. You're used to being outside and going where you want
and then all this junk happens and it's like you're grounded for a fight
someone else started," he said, knowingly.

"But what if Moody found you? What if a teacher found out?" Ginny said.
Harry shrugged.

"Moody could never have guessed I would sneak into Hogsmeade today, and
I did keep my godfathers around for protection. Besides, what would a
teacher do? Ground me again?"

"Harry..."

"Don't worry guys, it really was just this once. I promise."

They relented, and just in time too, because he just had long enough to
spell his cloak clean before Hermione came rushing up the stairs to get
him. He bid them goodnight and escorted Hermione down to the main floor.
Everyone they passed stopped to stare, and few of the more daring even
let out a cat call.

Their Slytherin companions and Larousse were already waiting for them.
For a woman Hermione thought had been battling terrorists the day
before, she looked very good in her shimmery black evening gown, little
crystal butterflies woven into her short hair. Or perhaps she just
looked good when she stood next to Snape, who looked as unpleasant as
ever.

"You look like a hooligan," the potion's master muttered when he saw
Harry. The Gryffindor just grinned at him cheekily.

"If it walks like a duck..."

They all looked at him funny, and he sighed.

"Muggle saying. Never mind. Hi, Natalie."

He let Hermione go, and she headed towards Draco, while he made his way
over to Natalie. She was dressed similarly to Larousse, only in white
velvet and translucent silk wrapped around her arms and shoulders. Her
smile told him she clearly didn't agree with Snape's assessment, or if
she did she really liked hooligans. You could never tell with Natalie.

She held out her arm expectantly, and he grinned. It had taken him a
couple of days, but he realized that her demand for a corsage hadn't
been simply to make his life difficult. It had been a challenge, a game,
and he could admit to being very competitive.

From his pocket, he pulled out a box, and opened it. It was the corsage.
The blooms were from an Everbloom tree, large white blossoms with a hint
of pink in the center, and a sprig of holly berries both easily found
amongst Hogwart's many decorations, all attached to silky white ribbon
She gave him a mock glare.

"Cheater," she said, but let him tie it to her wrist anyway.

---

It took Harry exactly forty-six minutes to get into trouble. The ball
had barely started, and Harry was taking advantage of the mostly empty
dance floor to have Natalie teach him a few moves, while Draco and
Hermione gave advice and critiques from the sidelines. They were all
laughing, even Harry who was doing very badly at the fancier moves. It
seemed he was better at dancing around a bonfire with werewolves than
dancing around a ballroom surrounded by Purebloods. Funny, he thought
the one would have prepared him for the other.

There was a great deal of staring and whispers at first, but Natalie was
good at distracting him (i.e. demanding his attention be on her) and
soon Harry didn't notice at all and the crowds seemed to lose interest.
The truly dangerous people weren't around to provoke them yet, most
being Death Eaters who headed straight for the parlor and the Dark Lord
waiting for them there. Draco said as soon as they were done, he'd take
him to see his father in private and avoid the worst of it.

Thank Merlin, Draco was his friend and not his enemy.

And then, out of nowhere, Lestrange appeared and cut in.

"Pardon me, Miss Cypher, but I'm going to borrow your date for a
moment," the Headmistress said, falsely pleasant as she practically
snatched his hands out of Natalie's. Harry stumbled a bit as he was
dragged further away from his friends and into the maelstrom of twirling
bodies. A waltz. At least he knew that one, but that was very small
comfort as she grabbed his other hand and forced him into the proper
position. He was still too short to dance with her properly, his eyes
level with her bosom (and she was rather chesty), but he tried very hard
not to simply let her drag him all over the dance floor. He managed not
to misstep for the most part, but he was hardly the picture of elegant
sophistication.

"What do you want?" he said after he was confident enough in his footing
to risk split concentration. Her smile was hard.

"Can't you guess?"

"Why bother when you can just dig yourself a deeper grave by threatening
me?"

"Threaten you, Harry? Why would I have to threaten you?"

"Because Voldemort-"

She threw back her head and laughed, and he felt his cheeks burn as the
witches and wizards turned their heads to look at them. They danced
silently until everyone was ignoring them again.

"It was the Dark Lord's idea," she said.

"You're lying."

"Of course you'd say that. You think he's really your friend, after all.
Isn't that so sweet? But the truth is the Dark Lord doesn't have
friends. He has pawns and he has minions. I'm a minion. You're a pawn.
Which of us do you think really knows what's going on? Hm?"

"You're just trying to get yourself out of trouble. You wouldn't be here
trying to bluff otherwise."

"Oh, that's good. We really should have stuck you in Slytherin.
Normally, this would be true, but right now we're both going to lose if
you talk to him."

Harry, tired of looking at her mouth, made a quick sweep of the room.
His friends were on the sidelines, wondering what was going on, but he
didn't dare acknowledge them. She might think he had told them and he
didn't want to get them into any trouble. Draco frowned and stalked
away.

"You have until the end of this waltz to convince me or I'm stepping on
your foot and making a run for it," he said sharply. He wanted to stop
immediately, but she might follow him or keep him from escaping. If he
had to pretend to be susceptible to her suggestion for him to get back
to his friends, he'd play his part.

"Like I said, it was his idea. He wants to know your secrets, especially
about Blackbone. You know they are political enemies? He wanted your
secrets on him without your thinking he'd betrayed you. So he told me to
do it, and then pretend it was for blackmail. You'd never have been able
to tell anyone and he wouldn't be expected to punish me. But you
surprised me. I failed. Now if you tell him he's going to punish me.
I'll probably lose my job."

"Oh, boo hoo."

"And then he'll send someone else to Legilimens you. Probably, Snape."

Harry tensed. Could that be true? No, of course not. She was just trying
to save her skin. Voldemort wouldn't... okay, he probably would, but...
this was *her* idea. It had to be. She was desperate and clever and
Slytherin, and he couldn't look in her eyes to see if was lying or not.

"So what do you propose?"

"Tell me something about Blackbone."

"No."

"It doesn't have to be true. Just something to feed to the Dark Lord so
he thinks I succeeded. It could work out for the both us. We would make
much better allies than enemies. What do you say?"

"I say the waltz is over."

The music had indeed stopped, and he tried to pull away but her hand
tightened around his fingers until were being crushed together. He
winced and clenched his teeth, his eyes watering from the pain.

"Step on my foot and I'll break your fingers, you little bas-"

"Bella! There you are. Excuse me, young man."

Lucius Malfoy appeared like the second coming of Christ. Harry could
have sworn he saw a halo surrounding the man as he cut in, but that was
probably just the glare from his teary eyes. Quickly he made his escape
off the dance floor and straight out the balcony doors. Blessedly quiet
and empty, and he wiped the tears of pain from his eyes before anyone
could notice. He wasn't surprised when Natalie appeared by his side a
second later.

"Are you alright?" she asked, placing her hand on his arm. He smiled
weakly and nodded.

"I'm okay. I *really* don't like that woman though."

Hermione and Draco showed up a moment later. He turned to Draco.

"Was Lucius your doing?"

The Malfoy heir smirked.

"Thanks."

"What's going on?" Hermione demanded. "Did she do something to you? You
looked like you were in pain."

Harry shook his head. "She just wanted to get a little revenge for me
slipping through punishment over Barlow. My fingers are a little crushed
is all. Nothing broken."

He wiggled is fingers to prove it, but some of them were starting to
swell and bruise already. Natalie scooped up some snow from the balcony
rail and took Harry's hands into hers.

"That should help a little with the swelling. That dirty old hag. I hope
Snape throws her from the tower."

That made Harry laugh, then hiss as some of the snow melted and dripped
down his sleeve.

"Well, she's gone for now at least," Hermione said, "Lucius must have
taken her to the parlor."

"How long do you think they'll be?"

"At least an hour, probably more. Do you still want to hang around here
or do you want a tour instead? Nothing interesting is going to happen
until the old fogies are done getting drunk."

"Draco!"

"Well, that's what father says! That's why they all meet in the parlor
and not the conservatory. All that fine booze they filch from him."

Harry and Natalie laughed while Hermione turned pink.

"The tour sounds like fun. Why didn't we do this last time?" Harry said
as he followed the siblings back inside, Natalie's arm wrapped around
his and her snow cold hands soothing in his.

"Had all those goons with me then. As if I wanted all those people
knowing the layout of my house. I was convinced Weasley might show up to
steal something if I did."

"Draco, that's awful. You're both friends now."

"Well, yes. Doesn't mean I'd trust him alone with the silverware
though."

They left the ballroom, skirting a majority of the guests and the
greetings and the snide remarks veiled as something else. The hallway
was mostly empty but for the occasional house elf scurrying to get
things done.

"Why didn't you invite him anyway?" Harry asked, though he didn't mind
the boy's absence.

"I did. He turned me down. Incorrigible brat. He said he had better
things to do again."

Even Harry couldn't help but admire Ron's cheek for that.

---

"She's quite a remarkable woman," Lucius said, offering Severus his
preferred cognac. "Even if she is a little quirky."

"Only you would consider ambition and pragmatism in a woman as
'quirky'," his friend replied, accepting the glass. From beside the bar
they had a clear view of the entire room, including Vesper Larousse,
dressed like a lady, talking like a soldier, and sending coy little
smiles at her fiancee when half the menfolk were hovering around her.

"Are you really going to marry her?"

"I intend to. You've seen her ring?"

"Yes."

"It was my mother's."

Lucius actually looked surprised.

"You really are serious about her. Is it love? Please don't tell me
she's ruined you already."

"If love can be convenient and enjoyable at the same time, then I
suppose it is. She's going to make a wonderful mother, if she doesn't
spoil the children rotten. I suppose my job will be to keep that from
happening."

"Children? You're going to have more than one?"

Snape smirked. "Primo pater, Lucius. I have to make sure my line doesn't
die out before it's even started. Besides, she wants at least five."

Lucius laughed. His friend had gone mad. It had to be love. Or the woman
was drugging his tea. He hadn't heard Severus sound so enthusiastic
about his future since they were both just school boys. Well, if this
was what he truly wanted, Lucius wished him the best of luck. The world
needed more Snapes anyway. They were good counter agents to the Weasley
invasion.

"I'm going to duck out for a while," Lucius said. "You can introduce me
to your lady after the fireworks."

Snape just nodded and went to rescue 'his lady' from her hoard of
admirers. Lucius stepped up to his wife, chatting with some of the
abandoned women, and kissed her cheek.

"Make sure your sister doesn't leave before I get back?" he whispered in
her ear. She giggled and slapped his shoulder as if he'd whispered a
flirtation in her ear, but he wasn't even out of the room yet before she
managed to rope a rather distracted Bellatrix from the parlor window.
Voldemort was in his customary position near the fireplace, looking
almost as distracted as Bella, but Lucius doubted it was for the same
reasons. The Dark Lord was facing difficult times, preparing for a war
he believed inevitable and placating a public into believing they were
safe at the same time. He did it with his usual grace, but Lucius
suspected he would rather be somewhere else that night.

The Dark Lord noticed his retreat and nodded. He wasn't going to
question Lucius' coming and goings in his own home, which he
appreciated.

"Tikki," he said once he was alone and a bony little house elf popped
into existence. She shrank and quivered as he loomed over her,
irritating him. "Where is my son and Potter?"

"Y-young M-master and Mis- Mister P-p-potter are w-with Young M-mistress
a-and Miss- mis Cy-cypher in the mu-music room," she barely managed to
squeak out.

He kicked her out of the way as he stalked towards the southern end of
the mansion. He hadn't expected the children to leave the ballroom, but
this worked out even better than tracking them down in the ballroom. It
wouldn't do for anyone to know that the commander of Wizarding Britain's
military was conspiring with juveniles.

He wondered what they were doing so far from the party anyway.

The sound of the piano was his first hint. It echoed softly through the
hall and the men and women in the portraits gathered close together to
listen. Not bothering to knock, he stepped inside. The Cypher girl was
playing the grand piano, while Potter leaned against it watching as
Draco lead Hermione in one of the more complicated dances. It was good
to see the children hadn't forgotten their lessons.

His clapping startled all of them. Cypher missed a note. Draco and
Hermione missed a step. And interestingly, Potter's wand was in his hand
and raised for battle between one clap and the next.

"Bravo," he began, his expression cool and superior, "Very well done,
but if you wanted to dance you could have stayed at the party with the
guests."

There was a hint of chastisement, which left Draco and Hermione cowed
but only seemed to rifle their guest's feathers. Their postures were
stiff, their green eyes sharp and cold.

"Forgive me," Potter said, nothing pleading in his tone, "I asked them
to show me around your rather remarkable home. I did not realize I was
pulling them away from some sort of responsibility."

Lucius didn't say anything for a long moment. So this was Potter, now?
He barely recognized him from the little runt of two years ago. That
child had been anxious and unremarkable, but for his ability to show up
where he shouldn't. This boy was confident with a cautious edge, his
green eyes looking sharper without his glasses. He thought he could work
with this.

"Indeed, it is the responsibility of the host to remain with his guests
to ensure everything runs smoothly, but I forgive you. I assume it's
ignorance and not lack of propriety."

"Thank you," was the sharp retort.

"But I would be remiss in my duties if I did not correct the mistake.
Ladies, if you wouldn't mind returning to the ballroom, I believe a
lesson in party etiquette is in order."

Hermione looked worried, but Draco reassured her with a smile and sent
her on her way with Natalie. Lucius was vaguely amused when he saw the
Cypher girl stick out her tongue behind his back in the reflection of a
window. The closing of the door echoed loudly. Lucius' smile became more
congenial.

"Well, now that that's out of the way, lets get down to business, shall
we?"

Potter looked startled by the quick shift in mood, but recovered
quickly.

"Yes. How much has Draco told you?"

Draco looks surprised by the question, then annoyed. Lucius wonders how
much they trusted each other.

"Only that you are privy to some very delicate information regarding
Headmistress Lestrange, and if her little attack on the dance floor were
any indication it is likely worth my interest."

"And my terms?"

"Do you want a contract?"

"No, I don't trust those. I'm already under one already."

"What assurance do I have that you will not betray me?"

"We both have more to gain keeping this between us. At least until
Lestrange tries something stupid."

"And if she does, and you speak? Will I be held accountable for keeping
this information from the Dark Lord?"

"I never need to mention you. If you tell him yourself, then Lestrange
will know that and won't come after me. I don't want much."

"That all depends on what you're buying it with. That woman is very
formidable and controls Hogwarts, not I."

"Voldemort controls Hogwarts," Harry corrected. "Which is why she'll be
in trouble if he finds out what she tried to do to me... or perhaps
because she failed to do it."

Lucius strode over to the piano, watching his reaction, trying to guess
what she had done. Murder? Rape? Imperius? He didn't flinch or back away
at all, following him like a hawk, but when they were standing right
before each other, Lucius noticed those eyes weren't directed at his
own. That was kind of strange. He had seen Potter look Voldemort
directly in the eyes before without hesitation. Of course, that was two
years ago, and he must have learned some things to fear since then.

"She tried to legilimens you, didn't she?"

The boy's shoulders stiffened, and he tried to cover it up with a shrug.

"That might be it. It might not be. You haven't agreed to my terms yet."

"And if I said Draco told me already it was legilimens?"

Potter turned sharply to the younger Malfoy who looked like a house elf
caught in the laundry. They stared at each other, and then Potter
sighed.

"I'd say you were a very clever liar, Mr. Malfoy."

"I could take that as an insult," Lucius warned.

"And then what? It doesn't matter. Do you agree to my terms or not?"

"Why should I when I already know your secret now?"

"Because it's a worthless secret if I tell Snape or Voldemort myself.
They would never believe I told you willingly if I didn't confirm it."

Clever, clever boy. Was this the Dark Lord's influence? Severus'?
Draco's? What sort of games did they play in that school of theirs?

"What makes you think the Dark Lord would even care?"

"It doesn't matter if he does or not, if Lestrange *believes* he does."

"True. Very well, you have my protection from Lestrange and I have your
silence. Now tell me what happened precisely."

The tale was thankfully brief, but interesting as far as teenage
exploits went. He couldn't boast ever trying to cut off Dumbledore's
head when *he* was in school. Well, he suppose that it was his duty as
his Master's servant to aid his protégé in any way he could, especially
since the man was so busy lately. It would do Draco some good to observe
the intricacies of blackmail without actively participating as well.

So he nodded, thanked Potter kindly for coming to him, and accompanied
both boys back to the ballroom where the Dark Lord and his entourage
finally joined the rest of the rabble. It was with an air of smugness
that he found Lestrange, eying Harry suspiciously.

In her distraction she didn't even notice Lucius coming up behind her,
until he whispering in her ear.

"My dear, you've been a very, very naughty girl."

---

"That's an interesting look," Voldemort said, tilting Harry's head
curiously from side to side. "Your eyes look less round without your
glasses."

The fireworks display had just ended and the crowds were returning
inside where it was warmer, and Harry had sent his date off with his
friends for a moment alone.

"They're still there, just invisible," he taking them off and setting
them on a pile of snow on the rail, which collapse under their weight.
Voldemort smiled at that.

"Very clever. How are you?"

"Okay, I think. Nothing too big has happened so things are starting to
get back to normal. I heard there was a break in the Moody case."

The Dark Lord nodded, but didn't seem particularly interested in talking
about that. That was fine with Harry. He'd heard enough about it the day
before. With the Lestrange issue out of the way for the moment, he
wanted to concentrate on nicer things.

"What about you? I haven't really heard from you in a while."

"Busy. The usual things. Greyback wants his werewolves back for the full
moon, so you might have to do without your guardians for a few days."

Harry nodded. A few days wasn't so bad. He was starting to suspect his
time with them was running out now that the conspirators had been
caught, Moody probably wasn't far behind.

"I'd like you stay with me while they are away."

"Will we celebrate the Solstice too?"

Voldemort grinned at the eagerness in his protégé's voice. He had been
worried the incident with the Moon Goddess would have left him leery of
trying another ritual any time soon.

"If you are willing then, yes, you many participate. I think you're
ready to learn a thing or two about the rites."

"Like the arithmancy?"

"That, among other things."

"... Will it hurt?"

Voldemort ruffled his hair affectionately. "Just a little."