# The Siege

September was an awkward month for Harry. The transition from summer
vacation to school, from one school year to the next was always a bit
jarring, especially for someone as active as him. The classes all seemed
to have increased their work load, complicated their subject matter, and
given less time to study for it all. Professor Larousse's warning of
next year's scholastic decisions were repeated in several other classes,
and hung over the students' heads like a guillotine's blade, waiting to
drop on anyone found guilty of slacking.

Extra curricular activities took a turn as well. With Oliver Wood's
entry into seventh year, he was desperate for another Gryffindor
victory, convinced his choice of university depended on it. The team
practiced at least five times a week, usually more, with much of the
team sacrificing their Hogsmeade weekends to do so, and their captain
drove them like beasts. Dueling Club was facing a similar situation.
Snape had submitted the Dueling Club's application papers to the League
of Young Duelists, the official dueling league for students, and they
were expecting a representative to visit in November and determined if
they were skilled enough to qualify for competitions. Junior Captain
Ronald Weasley, an utter prat to begin with, was now a prat with a
mission, and bullied and harassed his 'subordinates' mercilessly towards
some impossible ideal of perfection. It didn't help that there were
twenty new members who were way out of their depth. Harry had
unofficially taken them under his wing, and Ron was more than happy to
let him while he focused on the more experienced members.

Harry was surprised at how much he enjoyed teaching his classmates, but
the extra work load did little to ease his growing stress level.

And then of course there was the newspaper. Avoiding it took too much
energy, and soon Harry had to resort to simply ignoring the students
reporters. That was easy enough. Ignoring the rest of the students
whispering and pointing and wondering every time he passed them was a
bit harder. There was a particular group of students, most of them
second or first year girls, who had formed a sort of informal club and
seemed to spend most of their time following or gossiping about Harry.
They were called the Harriettes as a joke. Harry wasn't laughing.

Making things worse and occasionally better, was Professor Larousse. It
was quickly discovered that the DA&D professor had a soft spot for
Harry, which might have earned him a lot of enemies among the male
students, if it weren't so obvious that her romantic interest lay with
Professor Snape. Whenever he was feeling particularly strained or tired,
she had a tendency to pull him away from what ever he was doing to have
a 'chat'. It was awkward and rather annoying, yet strangely comforting.
Despite being surrounded by teachers and friends, she was the only one
who seemed interested that he not work *too* hard, and let him know that
it was alright if he didn't take everything so seriously.

Nevertheless, Harry was immensely happy when November finally rolled
around, and things began to settle into a workable routine. Even better,
the Quidditch season had started, and wonder of wonders, Gryffindor's
first match was against Slytherin.

"How you feeling, Harry?" Oliver Wood asked, looking him over from head
to toe, making sure nothing was missing apparently.

"The same as I was the last time you asked. And the time before that.
And before that. Not much has changed in the last five minutes, Wood."

"Oh, er... yeah."

"I hope that wasn't your motivational speech for the match," said
George, coming around a row of lockers with his brother. Fred wore a
matching grin and laughed.

"Oh, shut up, you two!"

"I've got motivation for everyone!" Fred said, then turned to the rest
of the team. "If we win this match, less practice!"

"Hey, I didn't agree-"

Too late. The team all let out a cheer, Harry among them, and hurried to
finish putting on their gear and headed out to the pitch. Clyde met them
before they reached their destination, looking aggravated.

"They've tricked us!" the Gryffindor said by way of greeting, catching
everyone's attention. "They switched out their Seeker, and get this,
it's *Malfoy*."

That actually made Harry smile.

"Really?"

"How can you be happy about this, mate? He's your friend and he lied to
you! This could screw up your entire game plan!"

Harry just kept smiling and shook his head.

"It was a bad move on their part. Malfoy doesn't have any experience
playing in a real match, so even if he's better than their last seeker,
it wasn't very bright to have him play his first match against *us.*
Everyone knows Gryffindor-Slytherin matches are the trickiest."

George was quick to point out they did the same thing with Harry.

"Yeah, and we barely came out of that match alive."

Oliver rubbed his eyes and thought for a moment, then sighed.

"Nothing to be done about it now. Just do your best... or I'll *double*
your practices."

They continued on towards the pitch, but Clyde grabbed Harry's arm,
still clearly bothered by the turn of events.

"You're not mad at him?"

"Who? Malfoy? Why would I be? I didn't tell him when I got on the
Quidditch team, so I can hardly hold it against him. Besides, I've
wanted to see if he's as good as he says he is for a while."

"But what if he wins?!"

Harry looked at him oddly.

"Gryffindor loses, I guess. We've lost before, you know."

Clyde still didn't look happy, but Harry had more important things to
worry about. Chances were if he won the match, his friend would be happy
again anyway. He took to the field with his team, waving at the crowds
cheering at them from the stands. With brief glance at the Emperor's
Box, Harry was surprised to find that Voldemort had actually shown up.
The Dark Lord nodded to him in acknowledgment, before turning back to
talk with Lestrange.

"Eyes forward, Potter. I want to see your face before its run into the
mud."

Harry smirked as he looked over at Draco, standing amidst his teammates,
broom in hand. The Slytherin offered a smug smile of his own. It was
rare that they had direct competition, but as Harry's popularity had
grown, Draco had been increasingly eager to test himself against his
Gryffindor friend and Harry felt the same. This match promised to be
quite exciting.

"Players, mount your brooms!" called Professor Grimm, drawing their
attention back to the game. "Release the snitch!"

Draco was fast. Harry was faster. But the Slytherins were prepared for
Harry's speed. Harry had just inched past the other Seeker in pursuit of
the Snitch when a bludger caught him in the side. The force of it
knocked him clean off his broom and sent him careening into the ground.
Luckily, he had only been hovering a few feet. Draco had been so close
behind him that he had been forced to break away. Both lost sight of the
Snitch. Breathless and disoriented, Harry hurried back onto his broom
and took to the air.

"Didn't I say you'd be face first in the mud, Potter?" Draco laughed,
hovering nearby as they searched the arena for the snitch.

"Marvelous, Malfoy. You're assured a job as a fortune tell after this. A
good thing since professional Quidditch player is out of the question."

"I'll show-"

"Found it!"

Harry was off and again Draco followed closely, but now Harry was more
conscientious of the other players and easily avoided the bludgers and
the Slytherins. In fact, Draco was having more trouble evading his own
teammates than he was Gryffindor's, and barely avoided two bludgers
meant for Harry. He was tenacious though, clinging closely to Harry and
blocking much of his maneuverability whenever the snitch made an
unexpected turn.

"Both seekers are clinging tight to one another, making it difficult for
the beaters to get a clear shot with their bludgers. Gryffindor Seeker
Potter is renown for his agility on a broom, but it seems he may have
met- and Slytherin scores! Forty points to Slytherin!"

They dived and spun and twisted and pitched and just plain *flew* with
all their might, the crowds and stands and players mere blurs as they
rushed past so the only thing in focus was that little glittering ball
flying even faster than they were. It was intense and liberating, and
even if he lost, Harry didn't think he could have been any happier on a
broom. His limits tested and exceeded and the danger of crashing sent
his heart pounding and sharpened his senses, bringing his awareness of
his body and his magic and Draco's magic and the hundreds upon hundreds
of bodies of magic surrounding him into stark clarity.

His joy lasted only for a brief minute, when the snitch suddenly flew
low over the stands. Draco bulked, pulling back to keep from careening
into the spectators, but Harry had more confidence. He kept going, and
sent several of the people below him ducking for cover.

Unfortunately, those several people who ducked didn't include one Colin
Creevey with his ever present camera.

The flash of the bulb caught him squarely in the eyes, stunning and
blinding him simultaneously. He pulled up sharply, only half in control
of his broom. He was caught by one of the twins before he ran himself
clean into the wall.

"You alright, Harry?"

"Argh! No! I can't see!"

"Give it a sec, it should clear."

"Where's Malfoy?"

"Oh..ah... just about ready to win the game..."

Harry squinted and managed to make out Draco's blurry form rushing
towards the Emperor's box. The Slytherin Seeker took a sharp downward
turn and reached out. Harry grimaced and turned away, not wishing to see
his team's inevitable defeat.

Said defeat was interceded by a rather unexpected turn of events, most
important being that the stands exploded. There was no fire or heat, but
the sound of shattering wood blasted through the pitch. Draco had been
the closest player, and was hurled from his broom and even higher into
the air. Harry quickly focusing eyes locked onto the boy's falling body,
unable to move or look away. Even before impact, the shock had gone
straight to terror, and the screaming began.

From somewhere in the crowds Harry thought he heard Hermione's, but it
was for her brother.

"*Levi corpus*!"

Draco's fall stopped abruptly, not by the ground, but by the spell that
caught him a mere hand's length from certain death. Harry's line of
sight brought him to a red head, but he didn't linger on which Weasley
Draco now owed his life to. His attention now turned to the shattered
stands, the supports destroyed, the whole structure was starting to tilt
forward onto the pitch. The men and women trapped there were thrown from
their seats as it started to lean, scrambling to gain purchase and their
wands. As abruptly as Draco's fall had stopped, so too did the collapse,
and Harry felt the familiar electric tingle of Voldemort's most powerful
magic pervade the air.

"Come on! We have to help get them down from there!"

Harry pulled himself out of the twin's arm and flew straight for the
stands. Behind him, he heard some of the flyers rally the rest of their
teammates to follow. Harry reached the stands first, taking hold of
woman who had slid almost completely off the platform and was clinging
desperately to Professor Vector's outstretched hand.

"I've got her! Let go!"

Harry and his passenger struggled for a moment as she tried to climb on
in a dress not meant for movement, but at last they could pull away and
move to safety. As he retreated, he could managed to glimpse Voldemort,
standing perfectly balanced, both hands and one wand held out before
him, eyes closed and chanting something that definitely wasn't Latin.

He dropped his passenger beside Draco, who had been levitated to the
other side of the pitch. Ron was beside the blond, checking to make sure
his former friend was merely unconscious and not as dead as he looked.
They caught each other's gaze briefly, but Harry didn't have time to
speak, and flew back to the stands for another passenger. The rest of
the teams had cleared out most of them, leaving the least panicked for
last. McGonagall mounted his broom with perfect poise, as if it were a
mere bicycle ride and not a a rescue, and once on the ground she hurried
off to help return order. Snape followed shortly after, not bothering to
be rescued, he transfigured his robes into a set of black wings and
glided down, Professor Larousse riding calmly in his arms. No sooner had
everyone reached safety, then the stands collapsed into a cloud of dust.

Harry gasped. Voldemort had still been in there! He made to run for the
wreckage, but Snape caught him before he got far.

"Wait, Mr. Potter," he said, holding firm. Harry hesitated, his eyes
still locked at the other side of the pitch, unable to see anything. It
was likely only a few seconds that had passed, but to Harry it may as
well have been an hour. Yet the dust did clear, and slowly the form of a
man began to appear, becoming clearer and clearer until at last the Dark
Lord strode from the cloud of dust, perfectly at ease and perhaps a
little annoyed at being coated with a layer of dirt.

"My Lord!" Lestrange called, striding quickly towards her master. Snape
released Harry and followed suit, Larousse right behind him. Harry
stayed where he was, unsure if his presence would be needed or welcomed
at the moment, but close enough to hear most of what was said.

""Bella, I want you and Larousse to go ahead to the school and check for
any curses or traps that may have been laid. I doubt anyone could get
passed the castle's defenses, but I don't want to take any chances.
Severus, I want you and the rest of the Hogwarts' staff to gather up the
students, and take them back to the castle as soon as the all clear has
been given. I will go to Hogsmeade and meet with my Sentinels. No doubt
they are already on their way. We should have the culprit within the
hour. Go."

"My godson..." Snape said quickly, as the rest hurried off to their
assigned tasks.

"I will send a healer on ahead to the castle. There will likely be
several amongst the Sentinels."

"Thank you, my Lord."

Snape moved away quickly, snatching up Harry as he went.

"Professor, what just happened?"

The man didn't even glance at him, shoving him towards McGonagall and
the students that had begun crowding around her. Harry lingered though,
watching the man head towards Draco and Ron and a now very distraught
Hermione, holding her brother's hand. He turned away, finding wreckage
and a rather lovely view of the lake peaking in where the Emperor's box
had once stood.

"What just happened?"

---

"Mad-Eye Moody," Ron Weasley said knowingly, surrounded by a crowd of
students. Harry was amongst them, but kept towards the back of the Great
Hall to listen. "I overheard some of the Sentinels talking while I was
up in the hospital. They said 'This was definitely Mad-Eye's doing.'"

"But why?" someone asked.

"Why do you think, stupid? To kill Voldemort, of course. The papers all
say he promised he would. They think he might have already gotten a
Death Eater in Nottingham."

Harry turned away and headed towards the tables to join the rest of the
Quidditch players huddled into one corner. For once, their team rivalry
had been put aside as they tried to make sense of what they had seen.

"Ron have anything to say worth repeating?" Flint asked as Harry entered
their circle.

"There's a suspect. Mad-Eye Moody, the escaped convict, right? But I'd
wait till Hermione and Draco get back before spreading that rumor. Ron's
been known to latch onto an idea, even if it's a bad one."

There was no need to explain what Harry was referring too.

"Know when they'll be back?" Angelina asked.

"I've been concussed before," Fred said, "They kept me for a night and
let me go."

"Assuming a bump to the head is all that's wrong with him," a Slytherin
chaser muttered.

"Weasley might know," Oliver suggested.

"He's sort of busy right now..."

They all shared an exasperated look at the redhead, shoveling out as
much bullshit as the other students could swallow. Harry shook his head.

"Was anyone else hurt?"

"Some bangs and bruises when everyone tried to evacuate, but nothing as
bad as Malfoy that we know about," Flint said. "We'll just have to wait
till the teachers tell us what happened."

"Maybe we'll luck out and they'll tell the *truth*," Harry muttered,
earning him a few curious looks. Deciding he'd said more than he should,
the young Gryffindor wandered away, but there wasn't anywhere to go
really.

"Potter."

Snape stood at the side entryway. After everyone had been herded into
the Great Hall, the potion's master had left, presumably to help secure
the castle with the rest of the Heads of House and several Sentinels.
Harry glanced around to see who was watching. The Quidditch players had
noticed, but Ron's audience hadn't. He moved quickly before they did.

"What is it, Professor?"

"Come with me for a moment."

Snape stalked off before Harry could question, and the Gryffindor had to
jog after him to keep up. He didn't know why he had been called out, but
he never would have thought the ruined Quidditch pitch to be his
destination. Sentinels were scouring the remaining stands and debris,
crawling over it all like ants on the prowl. On the green stood
Voldemort, Lestrange, and Chief Sentinel Morgan who watched Harry's
approach expectantly.

"Um... how can I help you?" he tried.

"Do you have your wand, Potter?" asked Voldemort.

Harry nodded.

"I want you to cast a Lumos charm, making it as dim as possible and
gradually making it brighter and brighter. You may begin at any time."

Confused, he did as instructed. He did not have a lot of practice with
controlling the flow of his magic through his wand, but if he
concentrated on the result he wanted his magic tended to regulate
itself. Sure enough he managed the dullest of sparks which slowly grew
brighter, until it was about as bright as a votive candle and a ringing
sound distracted him. He turned to Sentinal Morgan, who was holding a
metal ball with all sorts of dials around it, spinning their hands this
way and that. The man nodded, and looked to the Dark Lord.

"It didn't take much. Young Malfoy must have picked up some residual
magic from Potter and that's what set off the explosion."

Harry's eyes widened in alarm.

"What? My magic set of the explosion? How?"

"The specifics are rather beyond your education level to understand,"
Snape said easily, "Besides, the better question would be 'why'?"

"To blow me up, I assume," Harry said tightly, then shook his head.
"That doesn't make sense either. Why set it up in the stands? Wouldn't
it have been easier and more certain if the bomb... spell? were in the
locker room?"

Voldemort patted him on the head, and smiled vaguely proud, vaguely
indulgent.

"You obviously weren't the only target. I, too, was probably an intended
victim. A witness said they heard one of my private Sentinels send away
someone trying to get into the stands. If that person was the culprit,
they may have succeeded in killing everyone during the explosion.
Well... everyone but myself. I am not so vulnerable as mortal men."

It would have sounded extremely conceited if Harry hadn't seen the truth
of it himself. Voldemort was no mortal man.

"What about the sentinel?"

"He was very near the explosion."

Harry decided the details weren't really necessary.

"So someone is trying to kill me again, along with the Dark Lord... what
now?"

"I haven't thought that far ahead. I only wished to confirm whether or
not you were the trigger for the explosion. We knew it was someone, and
Malfoy has already been tested. You were the next most likely person."
Voldemort said, then turned to Morgan who was clearly thinking. "What do
you intend?"

"The castle is secure still, and I intend to keep it that way. Potter
shouldn't leave the premises without an escort, and only when it's
absolutely necessary. Hogsmeade weekends and outdoor activities are on
hold. I would recommend keeping your distance from the school as well,
my Lord. The boy is only a secondary target, but he'll be more
vulnerable to any attack meant for you."

"How serious of a threat do you think he poses?"

Morgan looked over to the pile of obliterated wood meaningfully.

"Fairly significant."

---

Chief Sentinal John Morgan had a love/hate relationship with anarchy. On
one hand, he hated it. Plain and simple. On the other hand, he loved
destroying it. Had made a living, a reputation, and even a few slots in
history conquering it. So he liked to keep a fairly positive view when
faced with the newest threat to wizarding society.

He was having a tough time with this case though.

There had of course, been worse acts of terrorism in the course of his
career. Relatively speaking, this rated a meager 7 on the one to ten
scale, but it easily had the potential to turn into a 1. Voldemort had
been present, along with a generation's worth of Britain's most powerful
children. Things could have gone very, very badly.

"Chief?"

He looked up from some documents to see one of his least experienced
officers standing nervously before him, behind her was a familiar face.

"Ah, Chief, this is Professor Vesper Larousse. She says she's the Dark
Arts instructer at Hogwarts. She said it was important she speak with
you."

"Do you believe everything someone tells you? I don't suppose you asked
for identification?" Morgan asked, and the girl paled. He waved her off.
"Check next time before you escort a potential assassin across the
premises. I'll talk with her."

The young Sentinel rushed away, and Larousse took a seat. It looked
rather cozy with the lace table cloth and little vase of carnation
sitting between them. The Court had temporarily requisitioned Madam
Puddifoot's as base of operation until something more appropriate could
be constructed. The rest of the village was empty, its inhabitants
currently rounded up for questioning as their homes and shops were
rummaged for additional suspects and clues.

"You look well, Vesper. Civilian life seems to agree with you."

"At least something agrees with me," she said, coyly, "But I'm not here
to talk about the past. I want to offer my help."

Morgan felt uncharacteristically amused by that. He almost smiled, in
fact. Almost.

"What sort of help are you offering?"

"I want to help guard Harry," she said. She was all smiles when she said
it, but the glint in her eyes was hard. Morgan's amusement evaporated.

"What makes you think Harry needs to be guarded?"

"I know you called him out to the Quidditch pitch earlier, and I know
you passed on instructions to Minerva that Harry should not be allowed
out of the castle afterwards. That means he is either a suspect or a
potential target. I'm going to go with the later. Am I wrong?"

"No, you are not wrong, but you're not honest either. How much snooping
have you done to make you feel you needed my cooperation for this task?"

"Just enough, obviously."

He snorted.

"You don't need my permission to watch over the boy. He's your student
after all."

"But I do need information on whom I'm supposed to protect him from. Who
ever set that explosion was very good."

Morgan leaned back in his chair and thought about it. Larousse was good.
Really good. If she hadn't been so vocal about her disagreements with
certain Court policies, she likely would have become his second in
command by now and he would have been happy to have her. It wouldn't
hurt to have another person looking after Potter, someone less obvious
and more flexible than the Slytherin's Head of House. She understood
discretion as well. Chances were, no one was even aware she was missing
from the castle yet.

"Alright, I'll bite. Just tell me why? Are you trying to get back into
the Court?"

She shook her head.

"I'm not interested in that sort of life any more. Like you said,
civilian life agrees with me. I've been thinking about starting a family
again."

That certainly surprised Morgan. Larousse was a beautiful, capable
woman, and for as long as had known her there had been men lining up at
her door to be with her, and she had always kept the door firmly shut.
He was not a family man himself, but he had seen enough tragedy in his
life to know how the loss of one could damage a person. Larousse's
damage had seemed unrepairable.

But that wasn't really the important thing at the moment.

"You didn't really answer my question. Why do you want to protect
Potter?"

"Have you read his file?"

"Yes."

"Sad, isn't it?"

He hadn't thought about it at the time, but he suppose it was.

"I keep thinking Tony would be about his age now. I keep thinking about
Tony living through what Harry had to. It really is too sad. I can't
stand it. I want him to be safe and happy the way my baby should have
been. Nothing more than that."

He didn't believe her, but he knew better to expect any more from her.
Her discretion was just one of the things he admired about her, even
when it was inconvenient. He turns to one of his men studying a map of
the surrounding area.

"Crighton, get over here. I want you to take Professor Larousse and have
her fill out a Civ-2-60 with level 2 clearance. Debrief her on our
progress and then let her go. I want her back in Hogwarts within the
hour."

"Yes, sir."

"Thank you, John."

"Just don't make me regret this."

She nodded once and left him to his work.

