# The Prince's Penance

Harry still managed to get a hangover, but in the scheme of things it was a
small price to pay for Snape's forgiveness. He didn't think he could survive,
regardless of what Kyle had told him, if Snape suddenly developed a vendetta
against him. The potion master had unknowingly offered the absolution Harry
desperately needed in order to cope with what had happened to Larousse. So,
despite the positively abysmal week of scrubbing, polishing, dusting,
organizing, inventorying, moving, writing, reviewing, and correcting in the
darkest, chilliest, most depressing part of the castle and sleeping on the
couch of a man who went to bed late and got up ridiculously early, Harry felt
considerably better going out then he had going in.

Those few students he'd encountered on his trek back up to his dorm room were
stunned to realize he had actually been in the castle the entire time. When
some of them had offered their condolences over Larousse, he felt the urge to
run back and spend another week down the dungeons alone. He didn't have time
for that though. The rest of the students would be arriving back at Hogwarts
that evening, and even though he had finished his homework, Snape hadn't
spared him enough free time to do anything else except eat, sleep, and perform
basic hygiene.

Unpacking was at the bottom of his things to do. The first thing he wanted was
to write letters. Taking several pieces of parchment and some quills he found
himself a quiet, sunny place in the library, and started to write. The first
was a short thank you letter to the Reichers with a few extra lines hoping
they had a good holiday and a happy New Year. The second one was to Victoria,
apologizing for running away and leaving her in a fix. The third to Voldemort,
requesting an explanation of what the hell happened with the ritual, because
last year hadn't been anything like that. They hadn't even made their personal
blood offerings and yet they still came out saturated with magic (albeit not
enough to sink the country else the Dark Lord could have popped Moody like a
pimple without having to move), but had quickly used it all up. The fourth was
to his godfathers telling them he was well, and hoping to hear how things were
going with them soon. The fifth took considerably more thought.

Harry didn't like apologizing on paper. He would much rather apologize in
person, as he felt too awkward putting it in writing. To make it even more
awkward, not only was he apologizing, he was also inquiring on Tom's health
and life outside Hogwarts and wishing him the best of luck in his recovery. He
ended up writing three different versions and then rewriting the last one into
something barely recognizable to the original, and still wasn't satisfied. It
was the best he could probably do without Hermione's help, and frankly it felt
too personal for outside revision.

Then he realized he was going to have to send all the letters via Snape except
the one to the Reicher's and that just brought a whole new level of
embarrassment to what he was doing. Oh well, it was the right thing to do.
He'd been extremely selfish lately and impinged on the kindness of others
while neglecting a friend who needed support. It was time that he stopped
acting like a martyr and took responsibility for himself.

---
---

McGunny ran into Potter on the way back from the owlry. He had been sending
off thank you notes for gifts he'd received, needing a distraction from the
moral conundrum he was facing in regards to what had happened over the last
few weeks. Part of the school had been blown up and a professor and her killer
were both dead. Somehow, Potter had known about the attack and attempted to
get everyone to safety. Then McGunny had to go and fuck things up by
mentioning the werewolves being left behind. He didn't doubt for a second that
what he had told Potter had sent him running back to the castle and Professors
Snape and Larousse running after him, which in turn resulted in the
confrontation with Moody.

He wasn't sure how he should feel about his involvement. It had been Potter's
decision to go back, but it was based on what he had told him. Did that mean
he was somehow responsible for Larousse's death?

It didn't really feel like it. He had liked her as a teacher and certainly she
hadn't deserved to die, but he couldn't bring himself to see what had happen
as his fault. Or even Potter's fault. Potter had been trying to save his
family, however socially outcast that family might be. Then everything got
complicated when the professor died and then it was learned she was going to
adopt Potter. Which led to his moral conundrum.

What should he tell the school?

It was his obligation to explain things as thoroughly and objectively as he
could, both the good and the bad, but he couldn't see the fact that Potter had
risked a very popular teacher's life for a couple of werewolves going over
well with the student body. And despite his own sense of objectivity, he
sympathized with Potter. Life had been difficult for him lately and no one
seemed to be making any effort to ease the strain. Something like this could
have him relegated back to the 'Black Cat of Gryffindor' status from his first
year. Potter was strong and he'd survive it, but McGunny didn't want to be the
one responsible for it. He had until the rest of the newspaper staff showed up
that evening to figure out what he was going to do.

So it was a rather remarkable coincidence that the subject of his uncertainty
should meet him half way up the stairs. They blinked at each other, mutually
surprised by the other's appearance. The young Gryffindor was paler than
usual, with dark circles under his eyes, that made him look sickly and
skeletal. His smile was tired and cautious.

"Oh, hey, McGunny," Potter greeted.

"Hello, Potter," he replied, then realized he had a rare opportunity to talk
to the other boy alone. "Did you just get back? I didn't think the train was
suppose to arrive until four."

"Oh, no, I've been back all week. Just..." he trailed off. McGunny nodded.

"Didn't want to deal with anyone else yet?"

"Ah, yeah. I know they mean well but I can only stand to hear 'I'm sorry for
your loss' so many times."

"I'll try to refrain, then... I don't suppose I could get an interview while
we're standing here?"

"Um... no?"

With that his chance was lost, because Potter bolted up the stairs like he
expected to be chased. Despite the rudeness of the departure, McGunny was
rather amused. Let it never be said that Potter was a glory hound. In fact, he
seemed positively terrified of media attention. Or perhaps he was beating
himself up over what happened. He sighed.

Could he really print a story, of which he had very little information
himself, knowing it only served to stir up ill feelings against the boy and
disrupt the tentative trust that had developed between them?

He could.

But he wouldn't.

That would be impractical as well as morally questionable. If he was very
careful, and a little bit clever, he wouldn't even have to lie. Merely twist
the words into a different perspective.

Heroism and villainy was all about perspective anyway.

---
---

"I'm sure he's fine. He'd have sent us an owl if he wasn't," Draco insisted
for the hundredth time as Hermione chewed her fingernails. Beside her, Natalie
looked out the carriage window at the setting sun and said nothing. She had
been strangely reserved since they met up at the train station, her usual
mockery absent. Draco wanted to prod her for answers, but he had his hands
full with his sister.

"No, he wouldn't. He's got too much pride. He thinks he has to face all his
problems on his own. I really don't understand his reasoning sometimes."

"He's fine. It's not like he's really alone. Uncle Severus is there and
Professor McGonagal and some other random people not important enough to
remember."

"Uncle Severus isn't in any state to look after anyone," she insisted,
convinced that the man was steeped in quiet grief. Draco was more skeptical,
finding very little in his recent behavior to suggest Snape was anything but
in complete control of himself. He'd even remembered to send them their
Christmas gifts.

"We'll know when we see them," Natalie said off-handedly as the carriage came
to a halt. She climbed out first, and looked around. The castle keep was
crowded with students hurrying to get out of the cold. She gave up her search
when she realized it was unreasonable to expect Harry to block an entry way
just to wait for them.

She stalked towards the Great Hall, her pace quick with intent, and forced
Draco and Hermione to rush to keep up. She outpaced Ginny and Clyde, who were
walking together, and went right pass Pansy Parkinson and Millicent Bulstrode,
who were snickering to each other at her approach. She'd deal with the last
two later, but she had someone more important that she wanted to see. She
stepped into the main chamber, bright and warm, but looking sad and plain
after a month of beautiful decorations, and turned towards the Gryffindor
table.

Harry was in his usual spot, and he seemed to be waiting for her... or rather
them. He raised his hand in greeting, but didn't come over to meet her. She
didn't really blame him. He looked as if someone had been keeping him prisoner
in their dungeon for ten years, and wasn't in any state to battle through a
crowd. The smile he gave her was tired and sad, but from what she had heard
from Hermione it was better than the nothing he'd given her at the funeral.

"He looks better," Hermione said, sounding relieved. Natalie raised an
eyebrow. The Gryffindor princess gave an ironic smile. "His eyes are clearer.
I think he's stopped wallowing, at least."

"Should we all go talk to him?" Draco asked, "Or wait till after dinner?"

"Lets wait till after dinner. He won't want to talk with the entire school
listening in," Natalie said, though all she wanted to do was go over and hug
him and kiss him and make him smile for real. "We'll meet in the dueling hall,
say in an hour?"

"Alright," Hermione agreed and went to join her friend. Natalie was severely
irritated when she went ahead and sat next to Harry and gave him a hug right
in front of everyone. Didn't she realize that was the girlfriend's job?

---
---

Harry felt awkward being hugged. That was odd because he'd liked getting hugs
from his godfathers, but 'girl hugs' left him shy and embarrassed,
particularly when being done in front of the entire school. At least, he had
an excuse. Everyone knew about Larousse, everyone knew she was supposedly
going to adopt him, and thus everyone was walking on eggshells around him.
There had been no accusations or even accusatory looks yet, but then the paper
hadn't mention his involvement in Moody's destruction or Larousse's death
beyond helping to evacuate the school. He wondered how long it would be before
those few students who had actually been there leaked out that Harry had lead
the teachers right back into danger or if they ever would. Did they even
realize what he had done? Surely, McGunny did. He'd seen Harry run off
himself, and he was the Hogwarts' Herald's editor and chief. Of course,
McGunny hadn't questioned him, and he always seemed to be the sort not to make
assumptions when it came to a story. There was no real telling what the next
issue of the paper would tell or what reaction it would bring.

"Welcome back," he said. "I hope your Christmas wasn't completely ruined."

"No worries. Lucius was absent through most of it, so it was actually one of
my happier holidays," she said lightly, but her smile faded quickly. "I've
been worried about you. You look tired."

"I've been in detention for a week. I'm very tired."

"Detention? What for?"

*Killing my teacher.*

"I skipped my appointment at the Iron House and got completely lost in London.
Took nearly six hours before anyone found me. Snape wasn't happy with me at
all. Nor was the sentinel who had to travel all the way from London on
Christmas morning to take my statement. Bother what a mess."

"How on earth did all that happen?"

He shrugged.

"Can it wait? I have a feeling everyone else will want to know too. Plus, I
have something important to discuss with you all."

She nodded. "Alright. We're suppose to meet up with Draco and Natalie in the
dueling hall. Did you want to bring anyone else?"

"Ginny, the twins, Clyde, and... I guess, Ron. Yeah, I suppose I'll need to
talk to him too."

That clearly surprised her. That Harry would have a meeting with his friends
was one thing, but Ron hardly qualified as more than a barely tolerated
acquaintance. What could they possibly have to say to one another?

Harry didn't feel it a worthy subject to get into for the moment, and turned
his attention to eating his dinner. He spared just enough courtesy to greet
Clyde, Ginny, Fred, George, and various other individuals who came and went in
his line of sight, but otherwise seemed to ignore his surroundings.

"I'll meet you there," he said, finishing his meal before anyone else was even
half way done, and left the table. He could feel many eyes on his back as he
left the hall, but pretended not to notice. He hadn't even reached the dueling
hall when Natalie caught up with him. She spun him around and wrapped him in
her arms, holding onto him tightly.

"I'm sorry, Harry."

His first instinct was to hold her back, like he did Hermione, but then he
remembered he wasn't in love with her and he'd led her on for long enough. So
instead he gently pushed her away.

"You don't have anything to be sorry about."

She didn't seem to realize something was wrong yet, and continued. "I'm sorry
you were here alone. I tried to convince my mums to let me come back, but they
wouldn't let me."

He hesitated, his mouth going dry with the realization he was about to say
something that would hurt her. "They were right. You should spend your
holidays with the people who love you."

She looked as if he had just slapped her, surprise gradually giving way to
disbelief and then horror.

"Why did you say that? Why did you say it like that? I'm not expecting a
'death to us part' vow, but *come on*."

"I'm sorry."

She looked like she was going to hit him, which he was expecting, but instead
she clenched her fists and forced herself to remain calm. "Is it Hermione?
Ginny?"

His look of perplexity must have been answer enough for she asked a different
question.

"Do you like another girl?"

He smiled just a little at that. "If I were to like any girl it would
definitely be you, but I don't think I can. Either I'm too young or too weird
or too something... or not enough of something. I don't know, but I can't love
you like you want. I can't love anyone like that. I thought liking you as a
friend who held my hand and occasionally kissed was enough, but it's not, is
it? Not for you? It's not really fair, especially since..."

He felt a headache building as he fought to keep back tears and grief and hurt
and a dozen other things from twisting his expression. He massaged his temples
as an excuse to cover his face for a moment.

"Larousse died for me, Natalie. She died because she loved me like a son or at
least thought she did, but I didn't love her. I pitied her. Sometimes I even
admired her. But I never loved her, and now I have to live with knowing she
died for something that wasn't worth dying for. A casual affection that
wouldn't lead to anything. I can't do that again. I can't stand the idea of
something happening to you because you thought we were something we're not.
We're just kids, and your my friend. That's it."

"That's it?" she repeated, disbelieving.

"That's it. I'm sorry. It's for real now. I can't be your boyfriend."

They didn't say anything for a minute, didn't even move. He was more resolved
than he had been before, and she seemed to realize it the longer she stared
into his tired eyes. Finally, she nodded.

"Okay."

"Okay? You're okay with this? Just being friends?"

"Fuck no," she snapped, fire returning to her eyes. Her temper could easily
match his own when provoked, and he knew he'd been whacking it with a stick
since he'd told her staying home was the right thing. "I'm not okay with just
being your friend. I was your friend, then I was your girlfriend, then I was
your friend, and then I was your girlfriend again, and now I'm suppose to be
your friend *again*? Screw you, Harry. I'm not a damn yo-yo. I'm not playing
this game every time you get a savior complex and then get over it the next
week. We're over, Harry. Completely. We're not dating, were not talking, and
hopefully we won't even be *thinking* about each other pretty soon. Happy
fucking New Year!"

And with that she stormed away and he just watched her. He felt sick watching
her leave, knowing it was the end of a special friendship that could have been
more someday. But someday wasn't soon enough. It hurt, more than he thought it
would, even though he knew it was the right thing to do. That honesty was
something to be upheld in the making of friendships and even in the ending of
them, and he failed at that more often than not. He would have to do right by
the others too, and if he were completely alone afterwards... that was a fear
he'd have to face.

He went ahead to the dueling hall to wait for the others. The torches lit upon
his entry, revealing rows of mannequins standing at attention, like soldiers
ready for battle. They were all identical to one another in design, but Harry
found his 'Rolfe' easily by the unique scars in the woods. He ran his fingers
over the grooves and roughened sections of wood filled in with special polymer
and resins to keep it's shape. He was inexplicably reminded of Moody, a
monster if he'd ever seen one, tearing apart the body of another man to add to
his own, a mockery of wholeness. Thought of himself, wondered if he weren't
exactly the same, and then realized that was disgustingly melodramatic and
didn't make much sense.

He really needed to get out of this funk or he was going to turn into one of
those gloomy types who waxed on and on about pain and suffering and death
until they turned a taboo subject into a tedious one.

The arrival of his friends effectively distracted him.

"Our Great Lord of Chaos!" the twins called as they stormed the hall, fighting
each other to get through a door that should have been able to easily fit four
of them. Fred squeeze through first, shoving his brother into Clyde, and
rushed forward to throw his arms around Harry. "You kept your promise! And
then some! Even we never thought you'd blow up the school!"

Okay, really that wasn't in anyway tactful considering he'd watched his
teacher die that day, but it did surprise him enough that he didn't
immediately plummet into depression again. "I didn't actually blow up the
school," he pointed out, "Moody blew it up. I just happened to be nearby."

"So modest!" Fred said, ruffling the smaller boy's hair.

"That isn't funny!" Hermione scolded as she entered the room. "Someone we all
know died! Show a little respect."

George rolled his eyes at his brother (wisely facing away from Hermione when
he did so).

"It's too bad that," Fred said. "She was a great teacher, but not all there in
the head. For Merlin's sake, she wanted to marry *Snape*. She was chewing
mushrooms for sure."

"*George!*" she shrieked in outrage, while Harry could only gape.

"Fred, actually. And she didn't perform three miracles before she died, so
stop treating her like a saint. It's sucks what happened, but it happens all
the time all over the place."

Harry supposed that was true, but didn't necessarily think they should be glib
about it.

"They have a point," Draco said. "However crass they state it. If it bothers
you so much, just remember that their heathens and don't know any better."

The twins smiled at him, causing the Malfoy heir to gulp.

"*Anyway*," Clyde interrupted, "Hey, Harry."

"Hey, Clyde," he said, smiling slightly, "Welcome back. Where's Ginny?"

"Trying to convince Ron to come," Draco said, looking put upon, "The idiot is
being stubborn. Thinks you're trying to turn us all into your minions to
ordered around on a whim."

"Ooh, sounds potentially kinky," George chirped, earning a slap upside the
head from Hermione. And another slap from Ginny as she walked through the door
with a sulky brother on her heels.

"Alright, tell me what you want so I can leave," the dueling captain said,
crossing his arms impatiently. Suddenly, Harry wished he'd talked to Ron
separately. Or not at all. If the boy got killed for being in his vicinity,
would that be so bad?

Well, too late now.

"I have something to tell you, and then I need you all to make some important
decisions."

"Think he's going to ask one of us to marry him?" Fred asked George, who
looked thoughtful. "Maybe. Might explain why Cypher was so pissed off."

Harry glared at them. "This is a matter of life and death. Possibly your own.
So could you be serious for ten bloody minutes?"

It sobered up everyone's demeanor except the twins (and Ron's, who looked as
constipated as ever). He took a deep breath and began to explain to them what
really happened that day at the castle, keeping the matter of the ritual that
led him back to the castle a vague prequel and detailing the events that
followed meticulously. He'd practiced this speech in the bathroom mirror half
a dozen times, until he could tell it without feeling the need to vomit.

"... and then the medi-wizards took her body away."

Everyone was silent, even the twins, for a long moment. Ron coughed into his
hand, and fidgeted uncomfortably, breaking the silence.

"Well that's... a really bloody fucked up story and all mate. Does it have a
point?"

Everyone scowled at him, but he ignored them. Harry nodded.

"The point is... someone or something has tried to kill me every year since
I've gotten here. I've had so many brushes with death... it's like knowing
I'll get the flu every winter. It's sucks, but I know its going to happen. I
just... it can be contagious. Larousse died saving me. Other people have
gotten hurt just being near me. I need all of you to decide if it's worth it.
If our friendships is worth risking your life for. And in Ron's case whether
he still wants me around the other duelists knowing they might get blown up
*off* the platform rather than on it."

Ron snorted. "Whatever. They're just rookies." He stalked out, muttering about
stupid Gryffindor nobility or noble Griffindor stupidity or something to that
effect.

"Our father's a Death Eater, Potter," Draco said, shrugging, "So it's not like
you're any safer hanging out with Hermione and me. We've had people try to
kidnap or hurt us and done just fine without the flowery speeches. I'd rather
have you guarding our backs and us guarding yours than go at it alone. It's
common sense."

Harry turned to Hermione whose face was pinched in determination.

"Not quite how I'd put it, but Draco's right. It's better if we stick
together. We'll be happier and safer that way."

Ginny just nodded, mirroring Hermione's stance. Harry turned to the twins just
in time to see them grinning at each other, and then at Harry. Suddenly, they
both held out their arms and charged towards him.

"Group hug!"

Harry's survival instinct kicked in and he bolted around them.

"Thanks guys!" he shouted back to the others quickly, "I really appreciate-"

Clyde interjected, "We know, Harry! Tell us later. Just run or they'll catch
you!"

"Traitor! You just want to get Harry alone for some private luv'ins!"* Fred
accused, causing his nephew to turn beet red. Luckily, this was just enough of
a distraction for Harry to slip under his outstretched arms and through the
door. From there he managed to escape into the castle, feeling laughter
bubbling up from inside him for the first time since Larousse's death.

He wasn't alone! He had lost Natalie, but everyone else had stayed. They knew
and understood the risks, and he would try so hard to truly earn that loyalty
they had so willingly given. He would find some way to make himself worthy of
it.

Somehow.

---
---

The New Year began on a dark note for the Order of the Phoenix. Three of their
spies were dead and the families they'd left behind were either imprisoned or
under surveillance. Their end was even harder to bare when they later learned
that their comrades were mere hours away from learning that Larousse was a
trap from 'Ladybug', their inside source at one of the wizarding newspapers.
Moody was lost to them long before he'd died, but the ignominy of his actions
and subsequent defeat sat ill with those who had known him personally. Augusta
Longbottom had only escaped captured through her strict adherence to
anonymity, but even she had come dangerously close to discovery.

So with heavy hearts and steely resolve the Order gathered at their newest
hideout, an abandoned muggle farm house some twenty miles outside of Hamburg,
to decide their next course of action.

"My friends," Dumbledore began solemnly. "We've suffered a grave loss this
last year. Our brave agents in Britain have paid for their beliefs with their
lives and the reputations of their families, and worse yet, their sacrifice
was used to benefit the Dark Lord and escalated tension in Britain and
Europe."

As Tonk's listened, her hair began turning an ever darkening shade of gray,
like a storm was building around her head and at any moment lighting bolts
might shoot out of it. Beside her, Viktor's expression told a similar story.
They were the youngest members of the Order, and they still took every defeat
personally. Johan, Gilfred, Timmons, Fredric, and Phoebe took it all in
stride, their true feelings on the matter buried under layers of jaded
acceptance.

"However, some good did come of this," he continued. "The German Minister of
Magic has agreed that the situation in Britain is a direct threat to the
country and can no longer be ignored. There is a project in the making to
uncover and make public the Dark Lord's plans to send his growing army into
the continent. It is an extremely delicate situation, but one that promises to
bring about the decisive actions we have been driving towards since the Dark
Lord took power."

From the window he was guarding, Johan made a derisive sound. "Another scheme?
What will you use now? Cripples and vampires? Animangi and centaurs?"

"School children, actually," Dumbledore said. "Among others, but mostly school
children."

Everyone looked suitably horrified except for Krum, who, being a school child
himself and actively participating in an underground war, didn't see the
problem.

---
---

High above the English countryside, where the the Earth became little more
than a patchwork quilt of fields and trees and rivers, Turnis mentally cursed
wizards. One moment, he had been sitting warm and snug in his roost with the
rest of the Hogwart's owls, ignoring the few students who came and sent off
some of his neighbors to deliver their letters, and the next, he had been
rather rudely manhandled and tossed out a window into the cold, gusty winter
with a letter flopping around awkwardly from his leg.

He was very tempted to tear the blasted thing off and leave it in a snow bank,
go back home, find the vulture of a man who'd ousted him, and poop on him for
good measure. He wouldn't of course. He wasn't stupid. A free roost and free
food for the occasional delivery was a sweet deal, and he wouldn't break his
contract over something as petty as a few ruffled feathers.

So he flew on, as fast as he could, south towards England with a tailwind to
make the trip that much faster. The sooner he got rid of the letter, the
sooner he could get home to snuggle with Leila, the pretty barn owl with the
mischievous glint in her sloe-eyed gaze. The address on his letter was wrong,
as was the name, but Turnis had been doing this for seventeen years and knew
not to rely on a wizard's sense of geography or spelling unless he wanted to
find Atlantis before he found the correct address. The magical signature was
strong though, and easily traceable to a cottage deep in a young forest.

He circled once to look for potential predators, found nothing more
threatening than a couple of hungry foxes, and landed on a windowsill. It
looked directly into a kitchen, where he saw the biggest rat in his life
nibbling on a sandwich. He had to blink and shake himself twice before he
realized it was actually a human, and he was still a bit skeptical. This
wasn't who he was looking for. The one he was looking for was upstairs, but
this one might let him inside. He pecked at the window.

The rat-man jumped, dropping his sandwich. Turnis laughed, a screeching sound
to human ears. The rat-man glowered at him, but shuffled over to open the
window.

"What does he want *now*? He could have easily kept all of this junk at one of
his-"

Turnis ignored him and flew past, dodging his madly groping little paws and
went straight for the stairs just beyond the kitchen. The entire place was
quite small, especially for a wizarding home, and it took him only a moment to
find the magical signature he was looking for. The upstairs was just an open
space with magical artifacts secured behind magicked display cases. The entire
place radiated magical energy, but the one he was looking for stood out easily
from the rest.

He landed on the case, ruffling his feathers and wondering what to do now.
Normally, his intended recipient actually had hands. Of course, normally, his
intended recipient had a body. Beneath his claws and glass, a golden coin
pulsed with dark intent like the heart of some sleeping monster just waiting
to be awoke. Turnis tapped on the glass with his beak.

"What are you doing over there?! Shoo shoo!" the rat-man shouted, running up
the stairs with a broom in hand. Turnis screeched at him in annoyance.

"Shoo! Get out of here this instant or I'll cook you over a spit!"

An empty threat he'd heard many times before and wasn't impressed by. He
wasn't going anywhere until he delivered his letter. He tapped on the glass a
bit harder this time. The pulse of magic started to quicken. At last, he was
getting somewhere.

Rat-man's broom came up to push him away from the case, but he hissed at it
and flapped his wings angrily, refusing to budge. The magic beneath him beat
so fast now it sounded like the hum of a bee, and was steadily increasing in
power. It seemed Turnis had succeeded in waking it up. Which was good, because
he really didn't want to stay here long enough for his attacker to get brave
with his broom. Or remember that he actually had a wand.

"That's it, you're barbecue!" The nasty little wizard was fumbling inside his
robe, and Turnis was ready to bolt, delivery or no, but then the world went
white.

---
---

Tom stretched his wings and gave an experimental flap. Everything moved easily
and painlessly. Good, he hadn't damaged his new body. He reoriented himself
just in time to dodge a curse from Pettigrew andflew straight for him,
slashing at the man's face with his talons as he passed. Pettigrew screamed
and curled himself up on the floor, covering his bloody face with his hands.
With nothing to fear at his back, he flew down the stairs, out the open
window, and into the forest. He kept going until the little cottage was miles
away and flew into barn. In the comfort of darkness, he took stock of himself.

Possession of an animal wasn't particularly difficult, especially when you had
little connection to the original body (or in his case, object) housing your
soul, but he had so little power left after his brother had killed him.
Certainly not enough to take possession of Pettigrew, not that he would have
forced himself into that body even as a last resort. So he'd slept, soaking up
what little power he could, until at last an opportunity presented himself.

Turnis wasn't physically impressive, being a mere tawny owl and heavy with
years, but his magical intuition was impressive. He'd found his way to him
despite the measures the Dark Lord had erected against such an action. Perhaps
his elder counterpart hadn't factored in owls when setting up his little
hiding spot, but that would have been unforgivably foolish on his part.
Voldemort was many things, but foolish was not one of them.

It didn't matter now, though. He was free and no one the wiser.

A dragging sensation on is leg drew his attention. There was a letter. Hardly
unusual. The fact that it was addressed to him, or rather Thomas Rook, was. He
pulled it off his leg, and very carefully broke the seal with his beak. In the
scant moonlight, his enormous eyes scoured the page.

*Dear Tom*

*I hope this letter finds you well. I have been meaning to send it since I learned you weren't coming back to school this year, but there have been so many distractions. I am truly sorry...*

Harry. Tom let out a shrieking laugh. His dear Harry had re-birthed him a
*second* time! His timing was perfect. Despite his apology, three months ago
he wouldn't have had the strength to possess even an owl, and would have
ruined his chance at escape. This was destiny. The will of something. God or
the Earth, he didn't care.

He beat his wings and took to the sky. There was somewhere he was supposed to
be and since fate had proven kind so far, who was he to defy it?

---
---

Before anyone suggests it, no Clyde does not have a crush on Harry. The twins
don't either, even though they have fun pretending they do. They aren't
actually gay.

If you're confused about the Tom, Pettigrew, owl, cottage thing, here it is in
summary. Tom was never really 'dead', his soul merely moved into a magical
coin, which the Dark Lord gave to Pettigrew to keep safely hidden away in the
little cottage with various other magical artifacts (he's a collector and has
several such places, and he's assigned Pettigrew as janitor in one since he
has nothing for the over grown rodent to do lately). Turnis, the owl, was
given Harry's letter, and used the magic of Harry's *intent* (which is
particularly strong due to his dalliance into Earth magic which owls' ability
to find people is also based on) to find Tom rather than the name or address
(that Snape used, not knowing that both were fake. Voldemort never told him
the truth about Tom, remember?). Tom took possession of Turnis' body without
Pettigrew knowing it and escaped. Clear?

IMPORTANT NOTICE

I'm behind on my writing. I usually have three chapters written at any given
time, but now I don't even have one, so I'm taking a break to get these
advance chapters written. I know you don't like it, but it's better than me
missing a week after a cliff hanger or during the middle of some event in the
story, and this is likely to happen. I've started a new job, am applying to
graduate school, and it's the holidays. The graduate school application is
actually why I've fallen so far behind. I've been scrambling to find
recommendation letters and write my statement of purpose. Sigh. Please be
patient. The story is going to get crazy fast in book IV.
