# Learning Curve

He left the infirmary with the intent to escape his thoughts, but
outside of it he found no sanctuary. Trudy Sabbat had worked quickly.
Everyone knew or thought they knew what had happened between Harry and
the Headmaster, and it was just like after he demonstrated his
parseltongue ability and the day after he held a werewolf on the castle
drawbridge. There was awe, curiosity, and disbelief but most of all
there was suspicion. A fear that he was dangerous, mad, and different in
ways they could only fear.

In the past it made him feel lonely.

It still did, but now he felt resentment too. Resentment from the fact
that he really might be dangerous, mad, and different in ways that were
to be feared and unlike them he couldn't avoid himself. He came to
believe that resentment was a very adult emotion, for he could sense it
from several of the teaching staff throughout the day. McGonagall, wane
and pale after her recovery from the flu, was down right frosty with him
in class, on the verge of saying something scathing, unfair, and
completely true at ever turn. When he went to the dining hall for
dinner, the teacher's table was divided by emotion towards him. One was
anger and the other was pity.

He preferred the anger. Anger never really frightened him, but pity was
something that often came too close to breaking him.

Snape wasn't there that night, but that wasn't uncommon so he couldn't
have claimed responsibility for it one way or another. He wondered,
somewhat reprovingly, what the man's expression would have been.

His table was excessively quiet when he sat down. Yet at the other
tables, the talk was excessively loud, and he could hear clearly his
name mentioned several times. The eyes he felt on him were like fingers
poking at him, rude and irritating, fanning his resentment and
frustration. Stubbornness and extreme hunger root him in his seat,
though he wanted nothing more than to just leave and find some place to
sleep.

"Harry."

He looked up at Hermione. He had forgotten she was there. She had
apparently visited him in the infirmary that morning, but when he saw
her that afternoon she hadn't spoken to him at all. He hadn't noticed
before, but he was feeling too vulnerable to be anything but self
absorbed.

"Yes, Hermione?"

"Are you okay?"

The poking sensation he felt from the stares he was receiving became so
intense he found himself cringing. It took him a moment to realize it
was his magus hypersentia; that all that concentration was purposelessly
directing magic at him and the sensation was less than pleasant.

"Can we talk about this later?"

She glanced around them, and Harry could feel the stares lighten
immediately.

"Sure. The library?"

"I have an appointment with Vector," he said, almost happy to speak of
something that didn't center around his screw up.

"I'll walk you there. You're not in any condition to do intense research
right now."

He felt a stab of annoyance.

"I'm not broken."

She met his irritation with a bit of her own, her eyes flashing.

"Madam Pomfrey might disagree."

He looked down at his plate and they didn't speak a word until they are
both done. They stood and made their way out of the Great Hall. Ginny
grabbed his hand as he passed, squeezing it in unspoken support. Across
the table, Clyde gave him a wane smile. He tried smiling back, but it
was weak and unconvincing and he knew it.

When they were relatively alone in the corridors, Hermione cast a
Silencing charm around them.

"Can you tell me if you are alright, now?" she asked.

He thought for a moment.

"I guess that depends on your definition of 'alright'."

She let out an impatient sigh.

"Just tell me what happened."

"…I made a mistake during the ritual I was doing. It went very bad. I
wasn't… completely in control. I went to Snape to get some answers and…
we fought. And then… then we *really* fought. I don't really remember
all that much. I think I took myself to the infirmary afterward."

Her eyes widened.

"You walked there yourself?"

"Yeah… why?"

"Merlin, Harry, you were half dead! You shouldn't have been able to
stand, let alone walk. Are you sure Severus didn't take you?"

"…I guess he must have then. I don't remember that clearly."

Hermione had been wearing her hair down lately, the loose mane of curls
making a perfect target for her frustration as she ran her hands through
it, pulling and tugging at the locks harshly as she did so. Taking deep
breathes did nothing to calm her, if anything it only seemed to fan the
flames of her anger.

"Why did you do it in the first place, Harry? Why do you *always* do
this?"

He frowned at her.

"Do what? I didn't ask for this to happen! It was an accident!"

"Oh, please! It was an accident? Like the werewolf possession was an
accident? Like being kidnapped by Durmstang was an accident? Like being
trapped in the castle with that psycho Moody was an accident? The
acrumantula? The duel with McNair? The bloody fucking dragon? God,
Harry! How many accidents can you have before you start realizing there
is *something* you are doing that causes these things to happen?"

Harry stood there, completely stunned. He eyes widened, his jaw dropped.
Slowly, his hand lifted to point a finger at her. His voice was tight,
almost shrill as he spoke.

"You think all of that was my fault? That I did it on purpose? That I'm
some sort of crazy attention-seeker?"

It was her turn to look stunned.

"No! That's not what I said and not what I-"

"FUCK YOU!" he screamed.

The magic around him suddenly fluctuated violently, shattering the
silencing charm around them. His words echoed up and down the corridor
and then back again, over and over until they finally faded. Hermione
gasped as she felt it push against her, felt it like boiling water
against her skin. She gave soft, frightened whimper and he recoiled as
violently as he had lashed out, and with him his magic receded and
disappeared.

He turned and strode away, nearly running. She didn't dare follow him.

\~ Page Break\~

Harry fled to Vector's office, practically shouted the password and
ducted inside. Vector wasn't there; just a pile of books on the edge of
her desk baring familiar titles. Harry hadn't meant to scare her. He
hadn't. It had been an accid- He felt his hands clench in anger. She
would think he had done it on purpose. Because apparently Harry Potter
didn't have accidents. Everything that ever went wrong in his life was
his own fault, something he had done or never learned or did
intentionally.

Well, maybe that was true. Maybe he *had* wanted to scare her and part
of him was crowing victoriously that he had. How dare she say that to
him? Was that what she really thought? Had she thought that way about
him all along?

His anger was deliciously invigorating. The guilty, anxious malaise that
had followed him from the infirmary was burned to cinders under the heat
of his righteous indignation at a seemingly limitless persecution. He
was sick of it. He was sick of being vulnerable to those who caused his
grief and being under the scrutiny of witless gawkers, especially if
they weren't going do anything about it except make asinine comments and
ignorant theories.

He had never wanted to be Voldemort, and honestly he still didn't, but
he couldn't help but think longingly of the Dark Lord's independent
self-assurance. For all his moral shortcomings, who could boast a
clearer conscience? He regretted nothing he did, he was fearless in the
wake of others' judgment, and psychologically immune to criticism. Harry
longed to know what that felt like.

There was a knock on the door.

He jumped, his wand flicking into his hand instantly. He put it back
just as quickly. There was no threat. It was probably just a student
wanting to ask Vector questions about some Arithmancy homework. He
didn't know where she was at the moment, so he didn't answer the door
and resolved to ignore it in favor of stewing in his own anger.

"I know you're in there, Potter. I can feel your angst through the
door," came Ron's smug voice.

The Gryffindor let out an annoyed sigh. Oh, lovely. The universe decided
his day wasn't shitty enough so they had to through in one of the
biggest shits of all. Well, at least he could verbally abuse Ron with a
clear conscious. He opened the door.

"How did you know I was here?" he asked shortly.

"I followed the screaming echoes. I think Snape heard you from his
office."

"Snape can drop dead."

The made the youngest Weasley son grin.

"I find myself thinking the same thing from time to time. Did you at
least get in a few good hits before he creamed you?"

"Of course," he snapped shortly. He felt some how dirty saying it, but
it was better than feeling as useless and stupid as he had before. Ron's
grin turned to a smirk, and he checked the hall one more time before
slipping inside. He moved around Harry and went straight to the desk,
his hand finding the red book instantly. The triumph in his eyes made
the other boy want to punch him.

"Bloody hell, you really did it. You really got it. How?"

Harry waved the question away as irrelevant. Ron was the first person
who seemed to be completely unaffected by his fight with Snape, and if
the Slytherin was willing to ignore it then he decided he was willing
enough to waste some time in his company. He had decided before that he
was going to help Ron, and there still wasn't any reason why he should
change his mind.

"It doesn't matter. Just show me which spell you used."

Quickly skimming the contents, Ron found what he was looking for and
handed the open book to Harry, who read through it quickly. He snapped
the book shut and slapped Ron in the back of the head sharply with it.

"Ow! Merlin, what was *that* for?"

"You bloody moron! What were you thinking using a spell like that?"

"Sshhh! Are you stupid? Stop shouting!" He threw up a silencing charm.
"I was thinking it was powerful, untraceable, and barely detectable. Oh,
and that it was a miserable way to die."

The cold vitriol in Ron's voice was humbling. Harry's own anger felt
paltry in comparison. He shook his head.

"Do you have any idea the level of skill this type of spell requires?
What made you think you could pull this off?"

Ron blinked.

"Could you do it?"

"No. Frankly, I couldn't. I wouldn't. It's a wretched spell. It screws
around with lei lines, so you're not only messing with the victim but
everyone else around him including yourself."

The vengeful boy's face suddenly lost its smugness, and with it a lot of
its color.

"Can you undo it? There's a counter spell."

Harry stared at him for a long moment and then down at the book. He
opened it to the counter curse.

"The counter curse is only intended to undo the spell after it's been
*properly* performed. I don't know if it will work if the spell is
messed up. It might make things worse or change the outcome of the
spell. I honestly don't know enough about lei lines… Maybe if we remove
the curse's influence, the lei lines will right themselves."

"Maybe?"

"Yes! MAYBE! I don't know. If you know someone else you want to ask be
my guest!"

Ron fell silent then finally shook his head.

"I guess… we should try removing the curse then. I mean, that's the big
thing. That's what is killing me. If it does something else, we can
figure it out later."

Harry decided not to point out that 'we' would not find out anything. He
had no intention of devoting his life to solving Ron's screw up. Saving
his life was causing him enough of a headache as it was.

"Fine. Then take this," he handed Ron the book, "And make a list of
supplies we'll need, and get it to me before breakfast. I'm going to
Bristol tomorrow and this might be the only opportunity we have to pick
up supplies for a while."

"You're going to Bristol? Why?"

"None of your damn business."

"Geez, sorry I asked! You're in a pissier mood than usual. I guess
Pomfrey ain't giving you the good stuff."

"Ron. Stop. Talking."

The boy saluted him obediently. Harry felt his hand twitching for his
wand.

"After you've made that list, I want you to do some research on lei
lines. There should be plenty of books about them under magical theory
in the library. Try to get an idea of what they might do when they're
messed around with."

Ron remained standing at attention in a salute. The Gryffindor rolled
his eyes.

"Alright, dismissed."

The hand came down, and the Slytherin marched skillfully out of the
office with the book slipped into the folds of his robes. Harry tried to
tell himself that he was not amused by his antics, and he was not and
never had been funny to even the tinniest degree. He was a stupid,
conceited, murderous bastard who just happened to be related to some of
his favorite people, and therefore he would try to save.

He wasn't *that* desperate for friends.

Even if he seemed to have fewer and fewer with each passing day.

\~ Page Break\~

Harry armed himself like he was preparing for battle before he went to
Bristol. He donned his neglected black and silver uniform, thankful the
weather had turned cool enough to make it a comfortable and practical
choice. He wore his armor as well, and slipped a spare wand into his
left sleeve and a knife in his back pocket. His glasses were left
behind, and he relied on a potion to keep his eyesight clear. He carried
a bottle of anxiety potion and another dose of potion for his eyes in
unbreakable vials on the interior of his boots and Ron's list of
supplies and silver sickles to buy them with in his pocket.

Kingsley and Seitler eyed him warily when he stepped outside of the
castle to meet his escort. His reputation for trouble was well
established, but the fact that he was obviously expecting it in some
capacity was in no way comforting. They could do nothing to stop him,
however. He had Headmaster Snape's permission if not his blessing.

The journey to Bristol was silent. They took the Hogwarts Express, which
had been re-routed from London to the nation's military capitol, without
saying a word to each other. Harry had wrapped himself in a cloak of
anger and Kingsley had sensed it immediately and resolved not to provoke
it.

The boy frightened him sometimes.

As they stepped off the train in Bristol, Harry schooled his face into
something less fierce. People on the street recognized him immediately,
and watched him pass with stunned disbelief as he strode briskly by.
Soldiers stopped in their tracks and saluted him, despite the fact that
he technically wasn't active military anymore. He didn't waste energy
trying to correct them. It made his arrival at headquarters that much
simpler as he passed security check point after security check point
without pausing, setting off alarms as he went but with no one there
willing to pull rank to stop him.

Kingsley knew exactly where Lucius' office was, which struck Harry as
suspicious but helpful in this instance as he did not have to stop to
inquire for directions. He only vaguely recognized the secretary behind
the desk. She was thinner and more harried-looking than he remembered,
and she jumped up in her chair when he entered the outer office.

"Ambassador Potter!" she said in alarm. "You're early! Ah, just a minute
pl-"

He ignored her, threw up a shield charm, and threw open Lucius' door. It
slammed open with a horrible racket, and predictably a curse bounced off
his shield the moment he stepped inside. Kingsley shouted in alarm.

"Are you mad, Potter?"

"Undoubtedly!" the boy shouted back, and slammed the door shut behind,
locking the man out.

Lucius was behind his desk, and if his secretary looked harried it was
nothing compared to her boss who looked down right haggard. Harry found
himself stunned by his appearance. He was gaunt, and shadowed, and there
was a skeletal quality to him that was not helped by the paleness of his
features. His eyes, however, were the same sharp gray, and they tore
into Harry the second he stepped into his domain and pulled him up
short.

"I don't suppose lessons in *manners* are a Hogwarts requirement these
days. I will have to have a word with the Education Board later," he
said smoothly. His wand was not drawn, and it took Harry a second to
realize there was another man in the room who must have cast the spell.

The second man wore a lieutenant's insignia and had an indistinct chin.
His wand work was impressive at least, although he looked about ready to
fall over dead for having sent a curse at him. Lucius gave the man an
annoyed look.

"Relax, Stratus, no one gives a damn. Go make us some tea or something."

The man 'Stratus' looked between them uncertainly for a moment, but
finding no welcome from either of them, finally nodded and moved out of
the room quickly. Harry kept his eyes glued to his adversary. Seeing his
enemy was as energetically mean-spirited as ever drained what ever
inkling of pity and shock that might have first occurred.

"So you finally managed to make some time for me in your ever so busy
schedule," the Malfoy patriarch said sarcastically. "To what do I owe
the honor?"

Harry glared at him.

"Maybe your time would be better served convincing yourself that I'm not
stupid, and I will make the effort to return the favor. I know about the
attack on the werewolf colony in Aoinwig."

Lucius did not seem the least bit impressed with this.

"Oh, and what do you know about the attack in Aoinwig?"

"I know you had nothing to do with it, but you are going to try to
convince me that you did."

The man stiffened. Bull's-eye.

"It seems I have underestimated you yet again. How did you come to know
this? What little bird has been whispering in your ear?"

"One you would be hard-pressed to throw in Azkaban or toss a cruciatus
at, I assure you. My question is why you would even try? Why make an
enemy of me, Malfoy?"

The aristocrat's expression turned condescending.

"I have no intention of making an enemy of you, Potter. Quite the
opposite. But if there is one thing I can't stand, it's to be ignored. I
don't have the patience for it, and frankly, I don't have the time for
it either. We should have resolved this months ago."

"Resolved what? You wanting to turn me into your lap poodle?"

"You didn't seem to mind being the Dark Lord's."

If Lucius thought that would provoke the boy he was soon disappointed
when Harry let out a harsh, barking laugh instead.

"Yes, look at what an obedient and well trained little pup I am. I come,
sit, stay, roll over, and play dead at just a snap of his fingers," he
laughed.

Lucius had to admit, he had him there. Whatever relationship was shared
between his Master and Potter was not like the one between his Master
and himself. Obedience was preferred, but had never been a prerequisite
between those two. Affection was a word he didn't like to use, but it
hung in the air nonetheless.

"You don't have even the slightest inkling of what that man is capable
of."

Harry's amusement died instantly.

"I know enough about him not to confuse him with a man at all."

Lucius almost smiled. He thought he could almost like this Gryffindor,
if he could get over this intense desire to throttle him. For the time
being, however, he needed him, and knowing that made what he was
attempting that much harder. He didn't have time to win him over. That
he could try later. Right now, he needed Potter's cooperation; willing
or unwilling was unimportant.

"Will you fight me forever?"

"Will you make me?"

"Always a quipy little come back, but I am asking you seriously. Will
you fight me? For what? What do you fear will happen if we should become
allies?"

Harry looked at him solidly for a long moment, not saying a word.

"Allies? I am not afraid to be your ally, but that's not what you want.
You want a dog or a puppet, or just about anything that all you have to
do is pull a string and it leaps to your command. The first sign of
disobedience and you'll strangle me with that string, and I'll only have
myself to blame for handing it to you in the first place."

The headache that was forever present in Lucius' life was slowly
degrading into a full out migraine. The light in the office was too
intense and his stomach rolled in protest. He had resolved not to take a
drink today, anticipating Potter's arrival and sobriety was making him
that much more aware of his own rapidly deteriorating condition. His
normally rapid mind felt sluggish, and the idea that he was being
outwitted by a Gryffindor teenager was almost beyond endurance.

"Don't be melodramatic. It serves no purpose for me to hurt you or even
to subjugate you. Lord Voldemort would never allow it for one thing. Has
he not promised to protect you from me? And I from you? We are
contemporaries, and while I am *loathe* to say it, there is much more we
could accomplish together than we could apart."

"Like what?"

"Like recruitment for the army for one. The number of applicants has
started to wane. Their enthusiasm for the war effort is diminishing."

"My enthusiasm for the war effort is diminishing too."

Lucius ignored him.

"We may not have the numbers we need to maintain our hold on to Germany
after they are defeated and continue our offense on the Italian front. I
have done what I can, but my influence is limited to the upper crust of
our society. You have an appeal to the general masses that the Dark Lord
and I need for our plans to take fruit."

"Well, bully for you two. How am I supposed to benefit from encouraging
some poor gullible saps to join the Culties and get blown to bits?"

"Simple enough. You use your influence with the plebeians on my behalf
and I will use my influence with the aristocracy on your behalf. Think
of it Potter. The full restoration of the House of Potter, full rights
to your family vault, to your position on the Wizengamot, to the
ancestral estates that are your birthright. Now imagine all of that
wealth and privilege doubled… tripled… before you ever reach the age of
thirty. You and your descendents will have the means to protect your
precious werewolves from the vagaries of societal opinion indefinitely.
All whom you love and care for will want for nothing. You will have the
power to lead nations to glory and your enemies to ruin without ever
having to lift your wand. Together, the Houses of Malfoy and Potter can
become the greatest powerhouse Britain has ever seen short of the Dark
Lord himself."

As he spoke, Harry seemed to listen for once. He listened and followed
along, neither speaking nor expressing resistance with his body
language. It was as if he were falling under a spell, a spell Lucius had
weaved many times in the past and now at his most desperate had to stoop
to doing once again. Then Harry blinked and leaned back into his chair.

"If what you're saying is true… then call off Hermione's engagement."

Lucius blinked.

"What?"

"Call. Off. The. Engagement."

"No. What does that have to do with anything?"

"Because according to you, 'all whom I love and care for will want for
nothing'. I rather thought that might include the want to not marry an
abusive, racist bastard. Don't tell me you didn't think we wouldn't be
negotiating this point."

Why did the term 'migraine' and 'Hermione' seem to go together so well?

"I honestly don't know why you care so much. You're not in love with
her."

"And you don't lover her, which is why I don't expect you to understand.
What do you care if I ask for this? What do you lose by calling it off?
It's still over six months to the set date, so it's not like you can be
sued or anything."

Lucius was startled. What did Potter know about the arrangements he had
made? It didn't matter. It wasn't something he was going to forget
about. Hermione had been a thorn in his side for too long, and her
ungrateful defiance would be met with the punishment it deserved. The
sooner she was separated from Draco, and from Potter too, the sooner he
would be able to gain their good will. If she stayed, she would only
serve to inspire distrust and resentment against him.

He couldn't say that to Potter of course.

He needed something else to tempt the boy with.

He thought about it for a minute, and came up totally blank. Which was
impossible. He was never short of ideas or manipulations or games. His
mind was a constant churning machine. It never stopped and it never
stalled.

But God it was hard to think right now.

He needed time to think. The soft tap at his door was almost too good to
be true.

"Enter." Lt. Stratus opened the door cautiously, carrying a tea set. The
imbecile had actually taken him seriously and done as he was told. He
could work with this. "I need a moment to think about this," he told
Harry. "Wait here. Have some tea. I will be back shortly with an answer
for you."

Potter looked predictably suspicious, but nodded. Good, let the boy
think he was willing to seriously consider his demand. It would help
establish the illusion that they were equals. He turned to his
assistant.

"Stay here and keep Lord Potter company, Lt. Stratus."

Which was polite talk for 'keep him from snooping around my office'. He
stepped out, passing his secretary and the Sentinel whose name escaped
him without a glance. He had twenty minutes, thirty if he pushed it, but
either way he needed to come up with ideas and possibly get rid of his
migraine.

Strong liquor was usually effective, but that wasn't a source he could
trust. According to his private physician, the alcohol might serve to
alleviate some of the pain, but it also sped up his physical and mental
deterioration. His physician had told him a lot of things, except why he
was dying.

Oh, he had theories.

Accumulated magical poisoning from too many Dark Arts rituals or
proximity to Dark Artifacts. A genetic defect. A esoteric spell cast on
him from his youth left untreated for too long. All of it rubbish. The
only useful bit of information that he had received was that what ever
it was it was killing him, it was the result of dark arts, and it had
been in affect for a long time; months at least, maybe even years.

And if he had not spoken to that mysterious raven, he never would have
known to look for anything until it was too late. That the raven had
also said it was the Dark Lord who was killing him was not something he
could afford to ignore.

Which meant the raven might be his only reliable ally at the moment.

\~ Page Break\~

Bobby didn't fly that day. He hadn't flown the day before either or the
day before that. Aside from a little fluttering to move from branch to
branch to bird feeder, he hadn't moved much at all over the last several
days. His daily exercises had stopped, and he had finally resigned
himself to the fact that he wasn't ever going to leave his prison unless
the Dark Lord released him from it.

He had not yet descended into madness, at least he didn't think so, but
he was getting very close to cursing the gods, which was one of the
first signs. Cursing gods was good way to go insane. They didn't
appreciate criticism from their subjects, and Raecellos and Madris were
no exception.

What he *had* descended into was a deep, dark depression. Whatever
intentions he had had of saving the soul of his brother a second time
had been squandered, and he had potentially ruined himself in the
process. How long before the Dark Lord tired of having him as his
prisoner? How long before he was just another sacrifice or something to
be traded to the fairies who prized him so in exchange for some magical
bauble? He almost found himself looking forward to it; anything to end
his ceaseless boredom.

As it turned out, he did not have to leave his prison or wait for the
Dark Lord to drive him out of his funk. Relief came unexpectedly in the
form of Lucius Malfoy charging into his domain.

For a moment, Bobby thought he was dreaming. He plucked a feather from
his wing to feel the twinge of pain that assured him was indeed awake.
Quickly, he flew down to where the man was looking about for him in
obvious anxiety. He landed heavily on the tea table (a replacement since
Lucius had destroyed the last one), his body not yet able to shake the
full extent of his days of inactivity. He cursed himself for having so
little faith. Raecellos had always been a generous god, and he had given
him a second chance to earn his freedom.

He would not mess it up a second time.

"You are back. Have you come to realize the truth, then?" he said,
affecting a knowing voice that belied his own uncertainty.

Lucius did not look much worse than the last time he had seen him, but
he didn't look any better either. About the only improvement he could
find was the man wasn't drunk as a pickle at this point. He was
obviously suffering from pain of some sort however, judging by the way
he flinched at the mere sound of his voice. The aristocrat leveled a
resentful glare at the raven.

"Yes… I… yes. You were right."

"And what are you doing about it now?"

And how does it involve me?

"I am… working on it. In fact, I am need of some advice."

The man grimaced, but whether it was from pain or his distaste at asking
for help, Bobby couldn't be certain.

"Perhaps I can be of assistance, although nothing is free."

"I cannot free you. Lord Voldemort would kill me."

"Lord Voldemort is already killing you."

"And he is taking his time, which means he may not be totally committed
to the plan. I… if I can give him proper incentive to let me live…"

"What incentive? You don't even know why he's killing you in the first
place."

"Do you?" the man asked, obviously curious. Bobby remained silent. Let
him interpret it how he wanted. When no answer was forthcoming, he
continued. "I have a plan, but it requires an alliance with Potter.
Something I am having some difficulty acquiring."

Bobby found himself momentarily caught off guard. Harry? What did Harry
have to do with all of this? Was he here? Now? If he was here, if he
could speak with him, let him know he was being held prisoner… what? He
didn't know, but it seemed imperative that he find him immediately.

"Hhhmmm… an alliance with Potter? Against the Dark Lord? Are they
fighting already?"

"Don't be daft. They are as smitten with each other as ever. Which is
why an alliance with Potter may be just what I need to dissuade the Dark
Lord from his present course."

A wonderful idea popped into raven's head, one that might not only free
Bobby but bring him back to Harry once again.

"Ah. Yes, very clever. And apropos, as Potter may be the only one aside
from the Dark Lord who can break the curse."

Lucius's eyes, which had been clouded with pain, suddenly sharpened on
him.

"What? I thought you said you could break the curse?"

"I can… with a bit of help. I know the spell, but I am no wizard.
Potter, however, has the skills necessary to perform it… under my
instruction… which is somewhat difficult from my current vantage point."

The man began to pace, fidgeting in a frantic way that made the raven
suspect his lucidity was beginning to slip away from him. He couldn't
afford that. If Lucius couldn't keep his wits about him, all of this
would be for nothing.

"I can do something for you now… as a show of good faith."

Lucius paused, and gave him and uncertain look.

"What?"

"I can ease some of your symptoms. I haven't the ability to cure you
without help, but I can alleviate some of your suffering."

"How?"

Carefully, Bobby plucked a feather from each wing and one from his tail.
It hurt, but it was a small price to pay if it would gain his freedom.

"Take these feathers and hold him in your fist tightly."

If he had been in the right state of mind, Lucius would not have been so
quick to pick up the feathers or at the very least he would have cast
detection spells to make sure they were not somehow harmful. At the
moment, however, his mind was in agony and rusting away by inches.

He snatched up the feathers instantly and gripped them tightly.

Immediately, the feathers began to dissolve like paper left smoldering
at the edges until they were nothing more than ash. Lucius let out a
small gasp.

The pain was gone. His mind felt clear and sharp again. He was
immediately suspicious.

"What did you do?"

"I absorbed some of the magic killing you. It will come back eventually,
but for a while you should feel quite good."

"And you say you are no wizard?"

"Not in this life at least."

Lucius considered this for a moment, then turned his thoughts to more
immediate concerns. If the raven spoke truth, and it seemed he had so
far, then Potter could cure him and he would not need to hope the Dark
Lord would simply change his mind. However, that wouldn't solve the
problem of his Master wanting him dead. For that, he would still need
his alliance with Potter. A barrier between him and the other man.
Perhaps he could pretend he knew nothing of Lord Voldemort's intentions,
and that an alliance had sprung up between him and Potter when the boy
saved him. Could he convince Harry to save him? *Absolutely*, he
thought,*I just wish I knew how.*

He asked the raven.

The raven thought a moment and gave him an answer.

"Potter is a very predictable creature in a lot of ways. If you show him
your teeth, he will show you his and fight you to the death. If you show
him your belly, he will feel inclined to rub it."

"I am not following you."

"You are man who is constantly showing his teeth, Malfoy. He fights you
because you are aggressive and dangerous. Show him your vulnerability,
show him you are dying, and he will take pity on you."

"I do not need his pity," Lucius snarled.

Bobby laughed.

"Yes, you do. You need it, because you need him and that is the only way
you will have him."

The man sneered but didn't deny. He paced the room a few times as he
considered it, then stopped.

"He has a demand. He wants to call off my foster daughter's betrothal."

"Then call it off."

"NO!"

Startled by the savagery of the denial, Bobby leaped away and flew for
the sanctuary of the surrounding foliage. By the time he had reached it,
Lucius had already composed himself again.

"Why not?"

"She…. She will only turn him against me. Just as she has turned my son
against me."

"You do that by proving every foul thing she holds against you to be
true. Release the girl. Without her, he may be less defensive. Are there
any other reasons he would be so solidly against you?"

"… Not that I can think of, but then he is a Gryffindor. He may hold a
grudge for perceived wrongs."

"Yes, because that is a wholly Gryffindor trait," the raven muttered
under his breath. Out loud he said, "Consider it a trade then. If he
will save your life, you will free the girl."

"That will not secure an alliance between us."

"You cannot *force* an alliance with Potter. If he doesn't want to do
something he won't. Make a friend of him, however reluctant, and he is
yours. That is how the Dark Lord keeps him."

Lucius considered that. Was that the secret to his Master's relationship
with Potter? Friendship? If it was a friendship, then it wasn't like any
Lucius had ever known before. They seemed quite near killing each other
on several occasions and close as brothers on others; fighting and
laughing and manipulating each other in equal measure. It was borderline
deranged, and yet made a strange sort of sense.

Could he mimic such a thing? How would it even work?

Sloppily, he thought, but maybe there was a strength to the inherent
flexibility of it. It was a relationship that changed according to
circumstance, but always fell back into its original shape eventually.
It was would require a quick mind and convincing wit, but he could do
it. He could beguile Potter if he had to.

It might actually be sort of fun. Could he perhaps turn the boy against
Hermione? Against Severus, who had proven himself a poor friend indeed
as of late? Maybe against the Dark Lord himself?

The possibilities tickled at his brain.

They had been at odds for a while now, but there was nothing that
couldn't be undone. He had years ahead of him to lure Potter into
companionable compliance. What he had told the boy was not altogether
false. He could definitely use him at his side, and in strengthening him
he could strengthen himself and his family.

"We will see. I will test your theory, and if it holds true… then
perhaps something can be worked out between us as well."

Ravens couldn't smile, but had Lucius been able to see Bobby at that
moment, he would have seen one supremely satisfied bird.

\~ Page Break\~

Harry had expected to spend the next however many minutes in awkward
silence or stilted conversation with the lieutenant, but the man turned
out to be an excellent conversationalist. It had only taken him one
failed attempt and a little probing to find a topic of mutual interest.

The campaign in Germany was a subject Harry often found himself
distracted by, but there was little information to be gathered at
Hogwarts and while he had more opportunities than most to gather
information, he never felt adequately up to date. Stratus had been on
the fighting lines from the invasion of Berlin and on up until he was
transferred to headquarters that summer, and new not only what battles
and operations were going on at any given moment but what the soldiers
themselves were experiencing out in the field. He even had a few bits of
information about Voldemort's movements in Germany and his recent
successes there.

Harry thought he could listen to Stratus talk all day about the war, but
Lucius Malfoy had other plans. He had only been gone for about half a
hour, but whatever he had been doing had been to his benefit. He was
still much too thin, but his skin was no longer overly pale and there
was more energy to his step than when he had left before.

"Leave us, Stratus."

The lieutenant stared at his commanding officer, more taken back than
Harry himself by the sudden change. Lucius gave him an irritated glare,
and the man scrambled to his feet.

"It was good speaking with you, Ambassador," he said politely, his gaze
flitting nervously between them.

"Likewise," Harry said. "Perhaps we'll have a chance to continue later."

"I-"

"*Out* Stratus." Malfoy said shortly. The man left.

Harry looked at him and waited. The general stood beside his desk and
stared back, assessing him for several moments. Then he turned away and
started to roll up his left sleeve. At first, Harry thought he was going
to show him his Dark Mark, something he had only seen in books, but
there was nothing but some old battle scars on his forearm.

He held out his arm to Harry.

"I am told you have advanced magus hypersentia. I want you to touch my
arm and tell me what it feels like to you."

Harry just stared at him.

"What are you playing at?"

"I want us to have an understanding, Potter, because after everything
I've tried I think that is the only way to get what I want… what I
*need* from you. My arm, if you would."

He looked back to the man's arm. It seemed a perfectly normal arm to
him, but then why…? Only one way to find out. He reached out to touch
it, and immediately withdrew his hand and the rest of his body at the
disgusting feeling rolled over him, moving to the other side of the
room.

Maggoty meat. He knew that sensation. He had felt it on one other
before.

He was going to *kill* Ron.

"Yes, it is quite unpleasant, isn't it? I am told by my physician I only
have two or three months left to live and only half of that with my
sanity intact."

Harry wanted to wash his hands, but all he could do was rub them against
the sides of his trousers, trying to remove the dirty feeling that had
nothing to do with germs. His mind raced in circles of 'why's and 'how's
and 'what now's.

"Why are you telling me this? Why *now?*"

"I told you already… I need you. The medi-wizards are useless. You are
perhaps the only one I know who has the ability to undo this."

Harry shook his head.

"Voldemort could easily..." He stopped. "You think Voldemort did this to
you, don't you?"

Lucius said nothing, but his silence was answer enough.

Well, that was unexpected. Lucius thought the Dark Lord was trying to
kill him? Why? He supposed that didn't matter. What did matter was that
he had Malfoy on something, something he couldn't or wouldn't go to
their unofficial referee over. But why would he reveal such an obvious
weakness when he had gone to such lengths to gain Harry's services by
other means?

"So you want me to save your life," he said slowly, "I think that is at
*least* worth calling off Hermione's betrothal."

There was really no reason for him to tell Lucius that his problem would
likely be cleared up soon anyway. Once he performed the counter curse
for Ron, then the man would likely recover as well. No harm, no foul,
and Hermione got off scot free. Except for the fact that he was still
pissed off at her.

Lucius grimaced, and made an annoyed motion Harry interpreted as 'fine'.

The Gryffindor wanted to laugh and shout with glee, but something told
him it wasn't going to be that simple. Not with Malfoy.

"What's the catch?"

Rolling down his sleeve, the man moved to the other side of the desk,
the gesture an unspoken reestablishment of boundaries and rank. He took
a deep breathe. The worst of it was over now. He had shown his belly,
and Potter hadn't kicked it yet.

"There is no point in saving my life if the Dark Lord wishes to take it.
I need you to convince him that you want to keep me around, perhaps find
out why he is displeased with me to begin with."

Considering Harry didn't think Voldemort was trying to kill him, that
made his job exceptionally easy. That didn't mean he was going to do it
for free, however.

"I can do that, I think, but I want you to take care of the colony in
Aoinwig. The culprits were never arrested."

Lucius shrugged.

"Not my fault. The werewolves were uncooperative. They do not trust my
people, and refused to give testimony."

"Then allow me to go to Ireland and speak with them. They will speak to
me."

"Are you so sure? I heard you were out of favor at the moment."

"Out of favor, but I never lost my rank. They will answer to me unless
Sirius has told them not to."

"Perhaps, but you are not allowed in Ireland."

Harry blinked.

"What?"

"Didn't you know? The Dark Lord has forbade that you enter Ireland
except in his company. Something about faeries."

Harry recalled his last visit to Ireland and the remains of the little
village of Dunnan Hill, where he had rescued the little girl from the
creature that had tried to drag her into its own realm within a hill.
Snape had warned him that the fae there would be targeting him now, and
it seemed Voldemort took this concern seriously even if Harry hadn't.

And still didn't.

"I won't tell him if you don't."

Lucius looked at him as if he were insane.

"What?"

"You *do* love running into danger don't you?"

*How many accidents can you have before you start realizing there is
something you are doing that causes these things to happen?*

Oh. Perhaps that was what Hermione had meant. In retrospect, he had
probably overreacted. Which meant...ugh... apologizing.

"If you want to send some help along with me, I won't object. A single
squadron for a little half a day mission?"

Lucius considered. He did not like the idea of going against Voldemort's
orders. If the Dark Lord found out he could use it as an excuse to… Then
again, Voldemort was in Germany and unlikely to return any time soon.
Doing this mission for Harry… *with* Harry behind the Dark Lord's back
might be the first step in forging that 'friendship' Bobby had been
referring to.

What, honestly, was the risk?

Despite local fears, faeries were not known for being particularly
brave. Their modus operandi typically involved mortals that were alone
and in some way vulnerable. A lost traveler in an unfamiliar wood. A
child who wandered too far afield. A maiden who was too trusting of a
handsome stranger in the dead of night. Attacking a group of armed
witches and wizards was almost unheard of.

"Very well, I will assign some of my men to escort and guard you. You
seem to like Stratus well enough, so he'll be in charge. Do as he says
at all times or… I'll cruciatus him."

Harry gave him a startled look.

"Why would you punish him for me acting up?"

"Because you're a Gryffindor. Threatening *you* is pointless.
Threatening innocent bystanders is much more effective."

Harry had to admit he had him there. He was a sick and twisted bastard,
but he knew what he was talking about. There was no point in arguing
over it though. He didn't have any intention of disobeying Stratus. The
man would be there to protect him after all.

"Alright, then, General Malfoy. You can have your bloody alliance."

\~ Page Break\~

Once a course of action had been decided, it only took about forty
minutes for Lt. Stratus to select his soldiers and prepare the necessary
paperwork. Harry followed him about from place to place, eager to be
away from Lucius, and peppered him and Kingsley with questions.
Bureaucracy wasn't something he had to deal with often, so to watch it
play out before him in such explicit detail was simultaneously
educational and daunting. Visits from one filing cabinet to another,
from office to office, department to department, building to building,
and always a never ending kaleidoscope of colored forms marching across
Stratus' line of sight where ever they went. Harry couldn't imagine how
it could possibly be efficient and why all the papers and offices were
even necessary.

"It's so everything is known," Kingsley said with a tired expression, as
they made their way to the barracks. "And so no one knows everything."

"I don't understand," Harry said.

"Well, pretty much everything that is done in the Culties or the
Sentinels is written down somewhere. And once its written down it all
gets sorted into levels of clearance. The higher your rank, the higher
your clearance, and the more papers you can look at so the more you
know. Even then, no one really has clearance to *everything*. There are
some things even General Malfoy isn't allowed to look at."

"Really? What about Lord Voldemort?"

"Theoretically, I guess he can look at whatever he wants."

"Theoretically?"

"I doubt it very much that everything the Dark Lord would like to know
about ever reaches his desk. A lot of careers, and a lot of lives for
that matter, rely on making sure he never finds out what monumental
screw ups are occurring right under his nose."

Harry frowned. Did that mean there were things going on amongst
Britain's fighting forces that the Dark Lord would disapprove of? It
would be ridiculous to expect perfection, but what mistakes were grave
enough to cost someone their life if Lord Voldemort ever found out about
them?

"Now, now, Sentinel Kingsley," Stratus chided, "You are giving the
Ambassador a very poor image of our leadership. I assure you, all things
considered, we have some of the finest men and women serving on the
country's behalf."

There was a teasing quality to man's voice that made Harry think he was
being ironic, but he couldn't for life of him think of what the joke
could be.

The barracks was the last part of their journey and the shortest. It
consisted only of Stratus handing the squadron commander a slip of paper
containing his orders and then waiting the minute and half for the rest
of the squad to grab whatever they needed and to fall into formation.
Then it was back to the train depot.

Harry had ridden in military transport trains before, but the train they
filed into was not one he was familiar with. It was shiny, glittering
black mass of iron plating and black smoke, with one massive engine and
only three equally heavy armored black cars. He estimated that it easily
weighed twice as much as regular train, and as he stepped inside the
first car he could feel the protective magic curl around him. The inside
was almost completely bare, with only a handful of crates set about for
seating.

"She isn't completed yet," Stratus explained, looking about with some
pride. "*The Minotaur* is a military prototype. She is exclusively
designed for war zone transportation. The enemy can tear up the tracks
or put a mountain in front of her or cast a thousand blasting spells and
you'll barely feel a bump. She is a true monster."

Harry ran his hands along the edge of a window and let himself feel it.
The magic was both ancient and modern, and bordered on sentient. Blood
had been spilled in her creation, but it was by a creator both proud and
benevolent. She was no monster; she was a guardian to all who stepped
inside of her from all that stood outside. He felt strangely at ease.

"She's brilliant."

When everyone was loaded onto the train, twelve Culties plus Harry and
Kingsley altogether, they secured the doors and the train began to move.
Despite *The Minotaur*'s enormous bulk, it was faster than a normal
train and they were outside the station in only few seconds and rapidly
gaining speed. The other soldiers loitered anxiously about the empty car
for a moment, but finding nothing of interest inside and that the higher
ranking individuals in the car were ignoring them they finally settled
down on the floor of the car or on one of the few available crates.

Harry remained standing at a nearby window, which consisted of an empty
square over which a heavy iron plate could be slid over or off. The lack
of glass was probably for defense purposes, but he enjoyed the feel of
the cool autumn wind in his face and cityscape zipping by. Wizarding
Bristol gave way to the muggle part of the city in a blink of the eye,
men and women in business suits and little cars and bicycles springing
up around them as they leaped the track and entered the street.
Completely ignoring the laws of traffic and physics, they hurled through
the city, somehow avoiding collision or notice by anything or anyone. It
made the Night Bus look outdated and ridiculous in comparison. Harry
found himself grinning. It was almost like flying.

Then he noticed the harbor was coming up ahead of them, and it occurred
to him he didn't know how they were going to get to Ireland without
crossing water. He ducked back inside.

"Um..."

"Yes, Ambassador?" Stratus asked.

"We're nearing water."

"No worries, sir. She's seaworthy."

Harry stared at him, then back at the window. Could he apparate while
inside the train, he wondered. He didn't fancy getting splinched, but he
didn't fancy drowning either. Then again, anything was possible with
magic. There could easily be as many spells to keep the *The
Minotaur*buoyant as there were to keep her secure. In any event, it was
too late to stop the train now.

He gripped the edge of the window tightly, and braced himself.

It was just as Stratus had said, however. There wasn't so much as
'bump', only a cold spray of water and a moment of weightlessness that
reminded him of falling. He stood frozen for a long moment, his senses
and sensibilities at war with his phobia of drowning. It could only have
been in his imagination, but he thought he felt the magic of the train
warring with the ever deepening water; wet, shapeless hands grasping at
it to pull into down into its depth and take Harry into the final
darkness once and for all. The only thing to spare him a full blown
panic attack was the dose of anti-anxiety potion he had taken that
morning.

Shakily, he moved away from the window and took a seat on a crate beside
Stratus. He took several long, deep breaths to calm himself. The
lieutenant gave him a curious look.

"You are afraid of water? I thought that was your element."

"It is. Unfortunately, after my third drowning-" Harry stopped and
turned the man sharply. "How did you know water was my element?"

The man's eyes widened for just a split second, before resuming a
completely innocent expression.

"Everyone knows that."

"I didn't know that," Kingsley said pointedly from his position across
the car. He was standing near an open window as well, just as Harry had,
but had not been bothered by the sudden change of terrain. Stratus gave
him a look that suggested he wished him underneath the train at the
moment.

"Try again,"said Harry.

The man sighed. With an annoyed look at Kingsley, he threw up a
silencing charm in order to keep their conversation private.

"It was in your file. One of your files."

"I have more than one file?"

"I am sure you have dozens of files floating around the various Court
offices. The general's are probably the thickest, however."

Harry wasn't so sure of that. He thought it very likely that the school
records maintained by first Bellatrix and then Snape were about the size
of a twelve volume library at this point. He couldn't say he was
particularly pleased with people having files on him, especially people
he had never heard of, but he couldn't say he was surprised. And despite
how conceited it might have been, he couldn't help but be curious about
what was in them. He asked Stratus.

"Lots of things. Mostly official reports, but there are few personal
notes the general kept."

"Like what?"

"Like the time you broke the Dark Lord's nose. I found that notation
particularly memorable."

"Pfft. That was hardly the worst thing I've done."

Stratus grinned, a mischievous light glowing in his eyes that didn't
seem to match his rather bland face.

"Oh, do tell, Ambassador," he invited.

"Need some more material for *your*files? And stop calling me
'ambassador'. It's just Harry, or Potter if that's too informal."

"Reginald Mordio Stratus," he said, holding out his hand. "But you may
call me Reggy."

Harry rolled his eyes, but took his hand and shook. An intense feeling
of dejá vu settled over him, and it took him moment to realize what had
caused it.

"Is something the matter?"

"What? Oh, no, sorry. You just reminded me of someone I knew for a
moment."

Stratus looked strangely pleased about that for moment, before his
expression shifted again to friendly openness. Harry took a moment to
ponder it. His introduction to the man had hardly been congenial and
circumstances were hardly conducive to starting up a friendship, but
they had gotten along almost instantly and it only seemed to be getting
easier, as if they had been friends for years instead of just minutes.
It was a bit odd for Harry, whose friendships were highly guarded and
extremely selective, especially in recent years as his popularity grew.

The lieutenant was obviously a very capable man. He was a decorated
officer who had fought in Germany, and situated himself well as Malfoy
Sr's underling, while still taking advantage of the resources his
position made available to him. He hadn't spent more than a few seconds
with Harry before accurately determining his interest and personality.

Harry knew he would have to be cautious not to trust him too much or to
allow himself to become too attached, but it was difficult to look at
the man and feel anything from him other than beneficent curiosity.

\~ Page Break\~

They arrived near Aoiwig, within three hours of leaving Bristol. It was
early afternoon, and being in the southwestern end of Ireland the
weather was cool but mild. The train had stopped in the wizarding hamlet
of Traleefore, attracting the attention of the villagers, who came out
of the pubs and workshops to watch anxiously as the soldiers disembarked
the ominous train. Harry, who had been maintaining an easy conversation
with 'Reggy', adopted a reserved demeanor as they exited.

His eyes scanned the crowd, looking amongst the onlookers for enemies
but none became immediately apparent. The village elder, an energetic
man with a noticeable limp, came out to greet them, but did not seem
pleased with what he was told.

"Aoinwig? What ya wanna to go there fer?"

Stratus turned to Harry for an answer.

"A friend of mine was killed there," the Gryffindor said evenly. "I am
going there to pay my respects."

A nervous murmur ran through the crowd. The village elder fidgeted
uncomfortably for a bit, but left and returned a few minutes later with
a map.

"This will show you the way. I'd be recommend'n you stay the nigh' here
an' be goin' tomorrow or else hurry there and stay the night. It's not
wise to be out and about the woods this late in the day. 'Specially not
fer you, if you don't mind my say'in."

Harry acknowledged the warning with a nod, and felt a bit of his
coolness towards the villagers thaw. He had been expected more
reticence, even resentment, based upon what he knew of the attacks, but
his fears appeared unfounded.

"We'll go there on foot and apparate back if necessary. Please warn your
tavern owner he's likely to have some hungry guests this evening."

"Very well. Heed my words though. If ya find yerself following the edge
of a spring, turn back the way ye came. Best of luck to you then, lad."

Harry wasn't sure what to make of the advice, but kept them in mind.
They took the wide dirt road out of the hamlet, the soldiers falling
into a protective formation around Harry as they went. Aoinwig and
Traleefore's industry revolved heavily around wool and mutton, leaving
most of the land a patchwork of pastureland knitted together with low
stone walls, but between the two villages was a long strip of forest
half a mile wide and thick with moss covered yew and fat, gnarled oaks.
Harry felt distinctly uneasy as he stepped into it, and he was not the
only one.

The trees and underbrush stretched out around and over them, creating a
claustrophobic tunnel effect. The leaves had begun to fall there
already, and every step they took rustled and crackled loudly while all
else remained unnervingly silent. Even the light didn't seem quite
right, a shade too low and tinted faintly green. Three-fourth's of the
way through they passed a large pillar engraved with the antlered forest
god Cernunnos surrounded by animals. Harry recognized him as the benign
god of animals and fertility, but something about his smiling effigy
made him shiver.

The feeling of being watched was prevalent.

"I don't like this," Kingsley muttered.

Harry didn't like it either, but wasn't about ready to turn back.

"We're over half way through already."

Despite the village elder's warning there was no spring that followed
the road, only a narrow stone bridge. Almost as soon as they crossed it
the oppressive feeling around them lightened, the trees thinned until at
last opening out into pastureland. Aoinwig was clearly visible, a
collection of six small stone buildings and a wooden round house,
surrounded by vegetable gardens. A short distance away a flock of sheep
grazed serenely, and a large black stallion looked up at them from its
paddock. The colony looked peaceful, but for the collapsed roof on one
of the buildings and a pile of broken timbers they may have once been a
cart piled up beside it.

The figures of men could be seen sitting on a nearby wall, and one of
them hurried into a building upon their approach while another moved
cautiously forward to meet them. Harry moved from the protective circle
to the front of the group, and the werewolf froze at the sight of him.

"You are not supposed to be here!" the man shouted in dismay.

Well... that wasn't how he wanted this meeting to start. A moment later,
several more men appeared, amongst them a large man with a thick black
beard Harry identified as the alpha. He looked neither concerned nor
surprised by his appearance.

"Hello, Harry," he said.

"Hello, Lysander. Will you speak with me?"

The alpha snorted. "I don't see as I have much choice. Does Blackbone
know you are here?"

"No. He told me not to come."

"It is not your place to disobey him."

"I will accept the consequences of doing so. Please, I wish to keep my
visit brief."

"I guess you better. It's not long till night fall."

Lysander wasn't exactly what you would call a friend, but Harry knew him
from the days when Greyback was still Head Alpha. He was even tempered
and deceptively mellow, but if pushed and he pushed back three times as
hard. Being nearly two hundred and fifteen pounds of muscle, not a lot
of people pushed him. Harry didn't intend to push him either, but he did
expect their discussion to be taken seriously. They moved into what
looked to be the communal kitchen, leaving Stratus and Kinglsey at the
door and everyone else outside. Lysander poured him a tankard of ale,
and Harry sipped it politely until the man was settled across the wooden
table from him.

"Do you know why I am here?" Harry asked.

"Quiet frankly, no, I don't. Blackbone made it clear you're to stay out
of this."

"I would, but for the fact that no one else seems to be doing anything
about it. Including yourself."

Lysander stiffened, his expression disappearing. Harry continued.

"You know who attacked the village."

"It was dark. They came in on broomsticks and disappeared quickly."

"But you know who it was."

The man remained silent.

"You lied to Blackbone. You lied to the Sentinels who came to
investigate. He knows you did. He may kill you the next time he sees
you. With Samhain coming, I imagine that will be soon. My question is...
why? Why protect them? They killed our brother."

"*Our* brother?" the man sneered, "You are no brother to the werewolves.
You broke your ties with us when you broke your staff-"

"I broke my ties with Greyback! I broke my ties to *that* role amongst
the werewolves. I never turned away from them. Would I be here
otherwise?"

Lysander settled back, considering. Finally, he shrugged.

"I guess not. What do you want?"

"I want your testimony. I want you to cooperate when the Sentinels come
back and ask for you to tell them who killed Rusofoe."

The werewolf shook his head.

"It's useless. They will do nothing. They will call us liars, and turn
away and then those village brats will know they can get away with it
and it will happen again. We must handle it ourselves. The next time it
happens, we will tear them to pieces."

Harry took a deep breath, and tried to calm himself. To remind himself
that the man didn't know the things he knew, and his distrust in wizards
was not unfounded.

"If you kill them all the villagers will despise you. Let the law handle
it. I promise you I will see justice done."

"Whose justice? Your Dark Lord's justice?" he laughed.

"Do you think it any better or worse than your own?" the Gryffindor
pointed out. "Besides, what is the harm? If I am wrong, then you will be
free to tear them apart the next time it happens. If I am right, then
the villagers will know there are consequences for messing with you, and
are less likely to try again."

Lysander rubbed his beard and considered.

"They may hate *you* for it," he pointed out. "They will know it was
your idea to have those boys arrested."

"They are not my responsibility. I can live with their hatred if it
means you and the others are safe."

"Ack! Why do you put it like that? Makes me feel guilty already."

Harry grinned at him.

"You'll do it then?"

"Yes. Now get out of here. This place isn't safe for you."

"I would like to pay my respects to Rusofoe before I go."

The man stood, and Harry stood as well on instinct. He soon found
himself being herded towards the exit.

"You honor him just by coming here. Go."

"Wait! What is the hurry? It's hours still sunset and we can apparate to
the village now that we've seen where we're going. There is still plenty
of time!"

Lysander shook his head.

"You cannot apparate from here. You must go a ways into the woods first.
Once you have passed the pillar of the forest god, then you can
apparate. They will likely try to delay you."

"'They'?" Kingley asked, as they all moved outside.

"The fae. The forest dwellers here are notorious tricksters. They must
all know you are here by now."

Harry felt a slow blooming trepidation. His experience with fae, aside
from the monster at Dunnan Hill, had always been enjoyable or at least
harmless, but he was starting to become truly worried. Something about
all the local's warning made him suspect that he was in particular
danger from these mysterious beings.

"We're going, we're going!" Harry let out an exasperated huff, annoyed
with himself. There was no danger... yet. They were just being cautious.

"We'll follow you as far as we can," the alpha said, ignoring his
outburst. "The paths change around sometimes, if you're not paying
attention."

"Lovely," Stratus muttered under his breath, then snapped out orders to
the Culties to hurry up and fall into formation. Harry moved briskly,
never feeling more protected and more uncomfortably confined in his
life. Kingsley walked ahead, Stratus behind, the soldiers in a circle
around him, and the werewolves scattered around them. They moved into
the forest, and immediately Harry knew something was wrong.

He froze. Everyone else stopped and turned to him.

"What is it?" Kingsley asked.

Harry turned around.

The road behind them was gone.