# Debts

Saturday morning tea was a predictably awkward and tense affair.
Hermione and Draco were at their Malfoy best, theirexpressions bland
with just a hint of aristocratic arrogance as they sat across the table
from Snape and his icy stare. Harry and Ira weren't as well-versed in
the subtle art of 'combat by silence' and spent several minutes after
the initial pleasantries (and he used that word lightly since Slytherins
tended to make such a term ironic) fidgeting awkwardly and giving each
other concerned looks.

No one had spoken in over five minutes. Only Harry had the nerve to
actually take a sip of his tea. If nothing happened in another five
minutes, he resolved to invite Ira to a game of cards.

Snape broke the silence first, closing his eyes and letting out a sigh.
Harry wasn't sure if this qualified as defeat in some sort of battle or
if he had simple finished assessing the enemy's strength... and *wow* he
was being overdramatic.

"While I can appreciate your efforts to maintain some sort of control
over the current situation," Snape began, "and I agree emancipation is
not without its merits, did you really believe that the singer of a rock
band was the most appropriate choice of sponsorship?"

"Of course not," Hermione said. If she felt in any way insulted she kept
it carefully hidden. "*You* would have been the most appropriate choice,
Uncle Severus, and I would have gladly come to you except that if I did
and you had accepted there would have been a feud between Lucius and
you. You already had enough to worry about."

That was an understatement. Between trying to repair and keep Hogwarts
running on limited resources, half-managing a town in the West wing of
the castle, a new bride who was only now starting to pull herself out of
a crippling depression, dealing with a half-crazed Lucius, and, of
course, Harry's inevitable misadventures, there was hardly enough time
to sleep (and even here he was learning to function on a very minimal
amount) let alone sort out someone else's problems. Although he could
have tried. He should have tried.

"And what about the feud you were creating between Lucius and yourself?
Not to mention Narcissa. Could you not foresee the problems you were
creating for yourself?" *were* creating for yourself, he said, because
Snape didn't know they still intended to go through with the
emancipation. It wasn't an error any of them intended to correct. "You
are an extremely talented witch, but your brilliance lies in your
intelligence and discipline towards your studies. In raw magical
ability, you tested only a little above average, and if not for the
Malfoy's insistence to the contrary you would have been sent to
Rookbridge. Narcissa is on the school board. If you offend her, she may
request you be removed, and if that happens there isn't going to be a
school in all of Britain willing to risk the Malfoys' wrath to take you
in. Even if they do not insist on your removal from Hogwarts or I were
in some way able to prevent it, there is still the matter of school
supplies and boarding expenses. Have you thought about how you were
going to pay for all of this? Scholarships are not plentiful these
days."

Hermione let out a sigh herself and took a sip of her tea. At her left,
Draco gave her a reassuring look and squeezed her hand comfortingly. She
spared him a smile before turning back to Snape.

"I understood from the beginning that I was going to create problems for
myself. I knew I was risking my education here at Hogwarts and my
chances of getting into a university here in Britain, but those were
risks I was willing to take. If I were married to Crouch I would have
been pulled from school anyway, and I doubt I would ever have been given
the chance to finish my education or even to work. You are aware of his
reputation?"

The grimace Snape let slip through suggested that he did, in fact, know
Crouch's reputation and probably a great deal more than was public
knowledge.

"Then you know it would have been unsafe for me to marry him. Besides, I
had considered what I would do. Scholarships are not plentiful, but they
are still out there, and I think I have written applications for every
single one currently in existence. If I had to switch schools, I was
willing to do that. If I had to finish my schooling through independent
study, my sponsor had agreed to let me stay at her London flat. I would
have access to the library there, and there are tutors and
correspondence courses. I would have made it work. They might keep me
out of school, but they can't stop me from taking the Newts."

Snape could argue that. If Lucius felt vexed enough, he could find ways
of preventing it. Or, more to his style, ruin her reputation by accusing
her of cheating or bribing someone to alter her test results. It didn't
really matter. She had made her point with Crouch. Anything would have
been better than being forced to put her future in his hands.

He had another point to make, however.

"And Narcissa? She wouldn't understand why you had done this. Have you
even *tried* to make her understand? She loves you, my dear. She would
not have allowed you to be miserable."

Hermione's neutral expression suddenly twisted into anger.

"She's done nothing to stop it in the last twelve years."

"Hermione!" Draco objected, "What is that supposed to mean?"

"What do you think it means? Do you really think she loves me? Sure, I
suppose she does, but its not the same way she loves you. She loves you
like a son. She loves me like a pet poodle."

Snape and Draco were looking at her now with something akin to genuine
horror. Hadn't they realized? Even the few times he had seen Narcissa
and Hermione together, he had caught on that the Malfoy matriarch's
affection was of a condescending kind. She cared about Hermione, just
not about what her adopted daughter thought or felt.

"That, young lady, was entirely uncalled for. Narcissa has never been
anything but generous with you."

"Except when she thought to marry me off to a known muggleborn hater?"

"Whatever her faulty reason for that, there was no malice-"

"Was I supposed to just smile and nod my way into the Crouch marriage
bed just so I didn't hurt her *feelings*?" she practically shouted.
Things were getting out of hand. They had come here to give explanations
and come to an understanding, not to open up Hermione's emotional wounds
and insecurities. Not to offend Draco, who had never seen anything in
his mother's behavior beyond the same expressions of affection and
attachment he felt himself. Not to anger Snape and his belief that
parents should be respected and appreciated for the guidance they
provided a child rather than the depth of their affections. Guidance
which he felt Narcissa had done a masterful job of until her most recent
lapse in judgment.

"You ungrateful-" Snape began. Already Harry felt his own anger rising
to meet his and he prepared himself to defend Hermione from a completely
unfair chastisement. He was just about to rise from his chair, but Ira
surprised them all by beating them to it. She rose and moved around the
table, away from Snape and around Draco, and finally knelt beside
Hermione's chair.

Hermione looked as shocked as anyone to see her there with tears in her
eyes.

"It's okay," Ira said. "I know what it's like. God, I know what it's
like more than anyone to have to go through what you did. That feeling
of betrayal, as if all the love you thought was there was a ruse, just a
scheme to placate you until their real plans for you came through. They
made you feel less than human. They made you doubt yourself and your
feelings about everything and everyone. It was terrifying, wasn't it?"

Hermione made a choked sound but didn't answer. Didn't have to answer
because Ira stood and pulled her into her arms, hugging her tightly.
Without hesitating, Hermione hugged her back. She didn't cry, not as far
as anyone could see with her face buried in Ira's bosom, but her grip on
the other woman was so fierce, Harry was certain Ira would have bruises
later. She didn't seem to mind in the least. She just held her and
stroked her hair, making soothing sounds and shot her husband a warning
look over her shoulder.

Harry was rather embarrassed. Not so much for himself, but rather for
Snape and Draco who looked genuinely mortified and, dare he say it, a
bit ashamed? Certainly, Snape couldn't go through with his intention to
scold Hermione. Not unless he wanted to scold his own wife by proxy and
over something she had far more understanding than he could ever claim
to, and Harry didn't see that going over well. Draco... well, Draco had
always deemed the responsibility of comforting his adopted sister
*his*and his alone, despite her willingness to find reassurance
elsewhere when necessary. That a relative stranger had so quickly and
easily taken his post was rather shameful. Even if he were still
smarting from the perceived insult to his mother.

"But you're such a lucky girl," Ira continued. "You had something I
didn't. You had friends and family who genuinely care about you and
wanted you to be happy. You had the confidence to demand more than what
was being offered you. You poor, brave creature. I don't know if what
you did was the right thing and I don't know if it's fair for you to
judge Lady Malfoy so harshly, but I can say I genuinely admire you
standing up for yourself. I believe, whatever happens now, you'll be
okay."

Harry had always liked Ira. It was hard not to like someone so gentle
and sweet, if overly timid and too easily impressed. After he learned
more about her, he had admired her ability to quietly persevere against
terrible circumstances without letting bitterness touch her. But it
wasn't until that day, with her ignoring every sense of propriety and
her formidable husband's personal opinion in order to comfort a girl she
barely knew, that Harry felt such swell of deep affection for her.

Snape's gentle cough interrupted the moment. Sort of. Hermione's hold
loosened and she lifted her head to look at her godfather over the
woman's shoulder but didn't actually let go.

"I do not believe we will get any further on the subject tonight. It's
rather a moot point now and not worth arguing over. There's no urgency.
We will continue at another time."

Draco objected. "Wait! What about my father thinking Harry's trying to
kill him? We haven't talked about that!"

Ah, hell. For a moment, Harry had thought he had managed to dodge that
hex.

"A change of subject then," Snape agreed. "Your father's paranoia is
likely the result of the curse's affect upon the mind and the curse's
unusually esoteric nature of which he assumed Harry was knowledgeable.
However, the curse has been lifted and he is recovering swiftly. Now
that he's thinking rationally, I am sure he will see the error in logic
of Mr. Potter attempting to kill him, particularly when his own efforts
provided the cure."

Draco gave his schoolmate a surprised looked. "*Your* efforts? What did
you do?"

"Er..."

Snape smirked.

"You mean Mr. Potter has refrained from gloating? It was entirely
through his own efforts that the cure was found. Although, I will
confess my own hand in the actual brewing of the cure itself."

"Potter, what is he talking about? How would you know...? You bastard!
Why didn't you tell me my father was cursed? What was he cursed with?"

"Er... Sorry. I didn't want you to worry, especially since I didn't know
if the cure would work or not."

For a moment, Harry was afraid Draco was going to pick up the tea pot
and hurl it at his head.

"How long have you known? How did you find out?"

"Ah... when I went to Bristol to confront him about that attack on the
werewolf village. He accused me of trying to kill him and told me about
the curse."

"And you didn't think this was something you should have *mentioned* to
me?"

"Um..."

"Potter, we're going straight to the dueling platform after this."

"Huh?"

"Shut up!"

That was pretty much how the rest of tea went. Snape providing
well-scripted lies to all of Draco's questions which served to reassure
him of his father's good health (relatively speaking) while stoking the
flames of his ire towards Harry and resulting in several reiterations of
'shut up, Potter'. This was just as well, because Harry's usual
cleverness had completely deserted him. Plus, as always, he was a
terrible liar. He suspected his required muteness had somehow been
planned by Snape. He wasn't entirely sure whether he should thank him
for it later or not.

Ira and Hermione moved off to a settee near the window, less interested
in the conversation than they were in each other's sympathy. It seemed
Hermione had found a mentor in a completely unexpected place.

Harry suffered Draco's annoyance for the better part of a week. He could
not recall a time he had been so tense for so long within the school
premises since the basilisk incident nor so paranoid about the
possibility of attack. He had avoided several minor hexes in the
corridors and a cursed plate in the Great Hall, not to mention a rather
savage rivalry in the classroom that had him fearing for his chances of
passing History of Magic and Arithmancy. While he didn't *think* Draco
would seriously hurt him intentionally, he had been around the Slytherin
long enough to know that he could be rather careless with his magic when
he was angry and accidents happened.

Hermione was not proving to be very helpful in deterring him either.
While her annoyance with Harry for his secret-keeping had cooled
somewhat, she was treating his situation as a learning experience and
keeping well out of it. Harry could honestly state he had learned his
lesson. He would be a much more considerate friend in the future and, of
course, avoid letting Snape lie on his behalf in the future.

---

At the end of the week, Draco's feud with him hadn't ended so much as it
was delayed. Christmas break had arrived. Harry said his goodbyes the
night before and slept through the chaos and security nightmare that
resulted from hundreds of students and their subsequent luggage being
loaded onto Knight Buses- the Hogwarts Express had been forced to make
its stopping point fifteen miles south in Wittenbiddy while the platform
and tracks around Hogsmeade underwent repairs.

He woke up to Lord Voldemort hovering over him.

"Are you still sleeping, you lazy thing?" he asked, his crimson eyes
bright with sinister amusement. Harry wondered for a split second if he
had just let Nagini loose under his covers. Nothing slithered around his
legs though so he simply yawned, stretched, and sat up.

"I wasn't expecting company. You look well, my Lord."

And he did. Voldemort looked completely recovered, in fact, and in
surprisingly good spirits. He was dressed in a black woolen cloak with a
green scarf and a black fedora. Clothes for traveling, and not all of it
inside one of his heated cars or through his private floo into the
headmaster's office. His clothes were still lightly sprinkled with snow
and his normally pale cheeks slightly flushed from the winter wind.
Harry's gaze inevitably found its way to Voldemort's arm.

The one that shouldn't have been there.

Voldemort caught his look and removed a glove in order to better lend
itself to Harry's inspection. Embarrassed and yet incredibly curious, he
took the hand and studied it curiously. Then he quickly dropped it.

"It's not your hand!"

"You spotted the difference that quickly? Very good. How could you tell?
The magus hypersentia?"

Harry shook his head and unconsciously rubbed his hands against his
blankets as if to wipe them clean.

"No. The magic is yours, but... it's definitely not your hand. Yours
are..."

Prettier? More elegant?

"Better taken care of," he finished lamely.

"I'm flattered you noticed," he replied mercilessly, chuckling at his
protégé's obvious embarrassment.

"Where did it come from?" he asked, because clearly it had belonged to
*someone*.

"A prisoner. A dead prisoner," he said, refraining from pointing out
that said prisoner was dead *after* he had cut off his arm. One could
never be certain where Harry's sensitivities lay. "Anyway, I didn't come
here to regale you with this minor parlor trick. Get dressed. We're
going out."

Harry stretched and climbed out of bed. He checked the wall clock. It
read a quarter to ten. He felt smugly satisfied about that for some
reason. When was the last time he had slept in while not horribly
injured?

"Where are we going?" he asked as he searched through his drawers for
something clean and relatively unwrinkled.

"London for shopping and lunch- a gesture of support for the community,
you understand. Coventry to visit the military hospital. Maybe the
history museum if there is time. Bristol for a press conference and to
finish some unofficial business. Then to the lodge."

The lodge could only mean the Sianach Lodge. The winter solstice was
only three days away. He wondered what his mentor had in mind this year.

Harry spent the next three days running at Voldemort's heels and trying
to keep up. The first day, they had indeed gone to London, Bristol, and
Coventry, but they had also stopped in Kent and Edinburgh and two small
wizarding villages called Lotis Gringe and Pellisbery both in Wales. The
next day it had been *seven* wizarding villages, back to Kent, Cardill
in Wales, later Bristol again, then Aberdeen and Liverpool, and a very,
*very* brief visit to Belfast. The third day had been spent in Bristol,
but seemingly through the entirety of Bristol, from the military
facilities to the textile mills to the community theater house.

This broad range of visitation was trumped by an even broader range of
activities the Dark Lord had set out to accomplish.

There was shopping in London like he had said, but also in Coventry,
Kent, and Cardill and they were followed doggedly (but at a respectful
distance) by the press at every turn. Harry would have had no idea where
to go in these places where there were innumerable shops but also
innumerable 'closed' or 'closed for repair' signs, the economy having
suffered after raids by the only recently ousted Italian army. Voldemort
obviously knew where he was going, leading Harry purposefully from one
shop to another, rarely stopping more than ten minutes while Harry could
have spent hours in fruitless exploration. There were bookstores
Voldemort practically ransacked (he had recently bought a new house and
was working to fill the currently empty library), clothing stores that
specialized in fur or leathers or the color black, art stores for moving
portraits and statues, a clock and watch store that made him incredibly
depressed about having left his pocket watch in Hausteheim, an art
supply store he practically went mad in, furniture stores, candy stores,
herbalists and apothecaries, an armory where he was fitted for new
dueling protective gear and where Voldemort had the mithral sword taken
from Hausteheim assessed for value by a goblin literally salivating over
it. Then there were the restaurants and cafés. Harry was happy to
discover at least *one* Chinese restaurant in Wizarding Great Britain.

The most interesting place they shopped was 'The Shadow Store', a book
store dedicated solely to selling Books of Shadows, books filled with
spells created and coveted by a single witch, wizard, or wizarding
family and never passed on to any other. The dark little shop
practically hummed with magic, and he ran his fingers over the glass
cases and felt them tingle pleasantly. Voldemort took him to the back of
the store first and showed him an enormous tapestry three stories high
and nearly as wide. It contained the largest and most comprehensive
family tree of wizarding kind going back three hundred years before
Merlin himself. They spent nearly an hour there, locating and tracking
their own family tree and finding where they had eventually intersected
with Phillip Marie Potter, son to one Lord Balthazar Mendel Potter and
one Lady Solenacia Marie Gaunt, two hundred and twenty years and eight
generations removed. Eight generations of Potters carrying the
parseltongue ability off and on before falling to Harry.

The tapestry was for more than mere show, however, and amongst the names
listed there occasionally appeared one or more little red stars.
Voldemort explained these stars indicated a Books of Shadows written by
this person was located in the store. There were no stars along the
Slytherin line or even the major branches of that line, nor were there
any amongst the various Potters. They were too coveted by their
respected pureblood families to be given up easily. and those that had
been were quickly snatched up by the richest of purebloods who could
afford to collect such things. Most of what was in store belonged to
family lines that had ended abruptly or those desperate enough to sell.
After considerable searching, Harry found the Prince line and two Books
of Shadows from the Prince family. He asked the anxious and hopeful
store owner to look at them.

"I think I want to give this one to Snape," he had said, selecting the
smaller and cheaper of two, which was nevertheless seventy galleons. He
flinched a little to think about it. Nevertheless, the idea of it
belonging to anyone other than Snape somehow made him feel uneasy
inside.

"These books are worthy of being more than mere *Christmas*presents,"
Voldemort chastised, encompassing his hatred of both gifts and Christmas
in one sentence. Harry smiled at him.

"You should give him that one," he said, pointing to the larger volume.
The Dark Lord looked as if he had been asked to eat a worm. "As a
*reward*. He's been working his arse off for you, you know."

"I can think of better rewards than a book."

"It's more than a book," Harry pointed out. "It's his *heritage*. There
aren't a lot of things he values more than that." Voldemort had turned
thoughtful. After a little more needling, he gave in and bought it, much
to the delight of the store owner.

Shopping, despite how much of it they did, did not constitute a majority
of their errands. They did go to the museum in Coventry where a new
exhibit on pre-historic and early wizarding tribes had just opened, and
he wanted to personally provide publicity and compliment the director
and his staff in person. The displays unnerved Harry. The primitive
weaponry and magical artifacts, the almost pack-like structure, and
their savage rituals reminded him in many ways of Greyback. The moving
paintings of shamans calling on their gods to speak through them left
him faintly ill. Voldemort did not force him to linger longer than
necessary before moving on.

They visited nearly a dozen villages to pay their respects to historical
sites, industrious business owners, schools (the primary schools served
the village children and therefore were closed later since extensive
travel was unnecessary), and persons of renown and scholarly
accomplishments.

They visited the military hospital and spoke with the injured soldiers
and the medical staff. Harry finally found a talent he exceeded the Dark
Lord in and that was making people feel at ease. He had to interrupt a
comment or series of questions by the Dark Lord with a 'You are not
helping!' more than once.

This proved especially true when they visited the Children's Hospital in
Edinburgh.

There was a ribbon-cutting ceremony for a factory in Kent. A memorial
ceremony there a few hours later. A press release in Bristol about the
course of the war, another release about current trade possibilities
with France in Liverpool, and still another (albeit very brief) talk in
Belfast about financial support for restorations of those villages
attacked by Germans months before. There was a charity dinner for what
Harry *still*didn't know, where the courses were tiny, numerous, and not
at all appetizing.

There was a tour of eight different government buildings around Bristol,
with the Dark Lord making sure his personnel hadn't neglected their
responsibilities in their eagerness to begin their holiday plans.
Several hours in between the chaos was spent writing Christmas Cards
that never technically used the word 'Christmas' to an endless number of
people who had voluntarily (more or less) given money or time or
expertise to various government (Dark Lord) sanctioned projects.

During and between all this there was endless amount of handshaking and
formal introductions and elbow rubbing with people he had never met but
occasionally recognized from the newspaper. There were conversations he
only half understood and conversations he had quickly taken over within
moments. There was entirely too much flattery, followed by sudden,
disorienting moments of brutal honesty. There was handholding and
shoulder patting. There were fake smiles, fake laughter, and fake
sympathy. There was just as much of it genuine. There were cameras
flashing and reporters shouting questions and people clapping in the
crowds and pointing in the streets. There was desperate hunger and being
entirely too full.

Harry felt like a foot soldier following his commander into battle.

Harry had followed Voldemort through whirlwind tours of publicity
before, but he had never been so much a part of his campaign. When he
was younger he had neither the experience nor the celebrity he did now
and his presence was more a curiosity than anything. He knew he was
technically the Dark Lord's protégé, but he had always thought of that
in more of a personal sense. Their bond existed primarily through
practices of paganism and genuine enjoyment of each other's company.
Now, however, it had taken on a new dimension. He could see the future
Voldemort was grooming him for. More than being the ambassador to the
werewolves, he was being educated to act as a representative of the Dark
Lord himself in those times and situations he could not be present.

This should have disturbed Harry. Voldemort had essentially decided
Harry's future career, perhaps even his whole way of life. It didn't
though. Not yet at least. It seemed perfectly natural. He had no desire
to rule, but more than anything he wanted to make his country a
prosperous and happy one and there was no better place to do that from
than at the Dark Lord's side. The Courts were full of Lucius Malfoys and
Bartemius Crouches, full of power-seekers and the selfishly ambitious,
focusing only on their present satisfactions at the expense of the
country's long-term well-being. Voldemort was an amoral tyrant much of
the time, but that wasn't all he was. He promoted education, art,
appreciation of nature, and the pursuit of knowledge. He genuinely
wanted Britain to reach her greatest potential by embracing the past and
striving for a better future. The same thing Harry wanted.

If that meant his life would be forever bound to the Dark Lord's,
well... so be it. It was inevitable anyway and, while it was a dangerous
sort of life, it did have its rewards.

"And I thought trying to escape Hausteheim was difficult," Harry said as
he collapsed onto the sofa. "It was nothing compared to getting away
from Lord and Lady Pinchkin."

The Dark Lord chuckled and settled himself behind his desk. Despite all
they had accomplished that day, he was still intent on squeezing in just
a little bit more before they retired for the evening. They were back at
the lodge for the rest of the night and all through the solstice the
next day. Out of honor for the occasion, he had cleared their schedule
so that their full attention would be spent honoring their respective
gods.

"Yes, I was very close to gnawing off my arm again in an attempt to
flee."

Harry flinched despite the cheerful tone. This hadn't been the first
time he had nearly forgotten about the sacrificed appendage and been
quickly reminded. He knew it was deliberate, but he could not determine
why the matter was being kept in a sort of limbo, neither a subject
worth lengthy discussion nor something that could be overlooked.

"They seemed rather adamant in their belief you would like their
granddaughter. Rather impertinent of them to attempt to invite her as
your date to the Malfoy Christmas Ball," Voldemort continued as if
nothing were amiss.

"They might have done a better job of it if they hadn't suggested her
pursuit of the humane treatment of familiars was somehow in the same
line as my work with werewolves," he said, letting a little of his
remembered anger seep into his voice. Protecting animal rights were
important, he agreed, but to suggest they were in any way similar to
defending werewolf rights wasn't only ignorant, it was insulting.

"And if they hadn't made that particular gaffe, would you have agreed to
bring the so far unknown Miss Bertula Pinchkin?"

Voldemort seemed genuinely curious here.

"If it would have loosened their pocket strings a little more for the
hospital fund, I suppose so. I still would have preferred to invite
Natalie or Ginny."

"You have no lady fair in particular to hold your attentions these
days?"

"I think my problem is I have too many 'lady fair's at the moment."

"Ah. It is always better to have options."

Harry let out a tired little laugh at that and closed his eyes. He
really was exhausted. If left where he was, he was certain he would fall
asleep in a matter of minutes and wake up the next morning in a truly
uncomfortable position.

"You should get some sleep. I will be waking you before dawn tomorrow,"
Voldemort cautioned. Reluctantly, Harry sat up, stretched, and made his
way towards the door.

"Mmm... yeah, okay. You should get some sleep too."

"I rarely sleep," he reminded Harry.

"You should tonight," his protégé insisted. "It's the eve of the
Solstice. You might get a Visitation."

Voldemort gave him a surprised look. He hadn't thought of that. He could
not recall ever having a dream that seemed particularly prophetic or
conversed directly with the divine visage of his patron gods in the
past, but since his ascension into near-immortality he had little need
for sleep and had never thought to indulge based on a schedule of
astronomical significance or felicity.

And it had only been recently that he had regained a mostly complete
soul and the ability to dream at all.

"Perhaps in a little while. There are still one or two things I must
finish before I retire."

Harry didn't push any further, merely yawned and wished him a goodnight.

A few hours later, he made his way to his own bed. He passed Harry's
bedroom on the way just as Victoria was slipping out. He gave her a
rather nasty start.

"Is everything alright?" he asked.

"Oh, yes, everything is fine. Just making sure he hadn't fallen asleep
in his clothes before I go out to finish my rounds."

"And did he make it to bed in the appropriate nightly attire?"

"Yes, My Lord."

"Did he appear to be dreaming?"

Because now that Harry had suggested the possibility of a Visitation, he
couldn't help but wonder if the boy had previous experience with such
things. True Visitations almost always involved speaking in one's sleep,
being so much closer to consciousness than dreaming. A one-sided
conversation he was not the least bit ashamed to eavesdrop on.

"He sleeps like the dead, my Lord."

"Oh, well," he said slightly disappointed and earned himself a slightly
confused look from the young witch.

---

Voldemort did not receive a Visitation that night, but he did dream. He
dreamed that all the witches and wizards in the world turned into
faeries, that he became their king, and he went to war with Gulandri. In
the dream, he challenged Gulandri to single armed combat with the winner
becoming king of both their realms, but he was not sure of his own
victory. He cut out his own heart and gave it to Harry to hide where no
one else could find it, so that he would not die even if he were cut
down. He won the duel, but when he asked for his heart back, Harry
refused to tell him where it was hidden.

So he cut out Harry's heart and ate it.

It didn't seem to have bothered the boy so much in the dream.

It did seem to bother him considerably when he told Harry about it over
the breakfast table.

"That's... *ugh*. I don't even want to *try* to untangle the symbolism
in all of that."

Voldemort suspected it had something to do with horcruxes, but wasn't
about to mention that to Harry.

"That's reassuring. What did you dream of?"

"I dreamed I was walking with you around Hogwarts, but after a while I
started to realize I was walking on one side of a mirror and you were on
the other, and I couldn't cross over. There were a lot of other people,
and I kept asking them how to get to the other side but nobody knew.
Until I met Moody, and he said I would have to drown myself. Then he
threw me off the tower and into the moat."

"And did you reach me on the other side of the mirror?"

"I don't know. I woke up."

"Then Moody was right. For here we are, having breakfast together."

Harry found this observation rather clever.

After eating a modest breakfast, they dressed in their warmest clothes
and went outside. In the pre-dawn light the sky was painted blues and
greens and golds, but clouds hung in the north and a harsh wind was
blowing them in their direction. It was cold. Colder than Harry could
ever remember it being in December, and he dreaded the possibility of
spending even hour let alone most of the day out in it.

They went to the barn and there gathered milk, eggs, blood, and clay
bowls to make offerings then went out into the maze. They cast charms to
keep the wind from destroying their altars, perform the necessary rites,
and moved on, one after the other. Further into the maze new statues had
been created so that Harry's own patron gods might be given their proper
respects. Blood, milk, mead, wine, honey, grain, vegetables, meat, eggs,
dried flowers, sprigs of evergreens, silver coins, arrowheads, obsidian
knives, and polished stones. All of it laid out, given freely, given
gratefully. And they didn't rush, not for a single one, even as their
fingers and toes grew numb and their prayers came through cracked,
bleeding lips.

When at last they were done, Voldemort led Harry out of the maze and the
younger wizard thought they were going to head to the house to warm up
before they completed whatever ritual the Dark Lord had been so
tight-lipped about for the last three days. Instead, the Dark Lord
turned towards the woods.

"Where are we going?" he asked, trying very hard not to sound like he
was whining. He was cold, tired, hungry, and wanted nothing more than to
sit by the fire and drink something hot.

"We are going up to the conservatory."

"The conservatory? In the woods?"

"Through the woods. I wanted it to be as secluded as possible and still
be on the property."

"You never told me you had a conservatory."

"I didn't until about two months ago. It has just been completed. I
think you'll like it."

Harry couldn't muster the enthusiasm the Dark Lord seemed to expect.
Despite how frequently he visited the Astronomy tower, he couldn't say
he particularly cared for astronomy as a subject all that much. He could
admire a sky full of stars as much as the next fellow, but to look off
at those flecks of light his muggle upbringing had taught him were
billions of miles away and believe they somehow held sway over human
affairs? Unlikely. Anything beyond the Earth's sun and moon seemed
rather superfluous to him.

And he didn't feel like hiking unknown miles to look at something
superfluous. Especially since it was the daytime and clouds had started
to roll in with the damnable wind and nothing would be visible anyway.

"Don't look so miserable, Harry. There will be a hot meal waiting for us
when we get there."

"We can't apparate?"

"Protective wards. To prevent thieves."

"The car? Horses?"

"No road and no place to shelter the horses. It's going to snow soon."

"We could be trapped there."

"You're whining."

"Mmphf... What about sianach?"

The man-eating deer should not be underestimated, especially in winter
when they were most hungry for meat.

"I'll protect you," the Dark Lord said condescendingly. Harry sighed.
There was no point questioning further. They were now inside the woods
following a narrow footpath lined with dark, circular stones on either
side. In the forest, the wind wasn't as bad and the warming charms on
his clothes had a greater effect. He was still tired and hungry but
those things he could push through on stubbornness.

And it took a lot of stubbornness to follow after Voldemort for three
miles through an eerie, silent wood on a path at times only
distinguished by the little black stones and under a sky that was
growing darker by the minute. He was beginning to become uneasy. If it
stormed, how would they get back? Why were they going somewhere so
remote to begin with?

"Snow's coming. How much further?" he asked. It had been nearly an hour
since they had left the maze, and he finally felt he had waited long
enough that it was safe to speak without being considered a nag.

"We're almost there."

The last quarter mile was the hardest on Harry's nerves. The ground rose
up in an ever increasing incline and became slippery with leaves and
moss. The trees became thinner and the wind became stronger, and with it
came the first fat flakes of snow.

They passed the carcass of a boar along the way, its half-frozen body
feeding a murder of crows. A grim reminder they were not the only
predators out there.

But the journey did end, and so abruptly Harry could hardly believe it.
In the blink of an eye, the conservatory was just *there,*looming over
them from its perch at the top of the hill. He didn't have long to study
it from the outside before Voldemort was ushering him in through a pair
of black doors decorated with a golden sun. Inside, the sudden change of
temperature left him dizzy, and he scrambled out of his outer layers in
search of relief.

"We should have everything we need for the night in the residence
quarters. You're welcome to take a nap until I have finished
preparations," the Dark Lord offered with just a touch of superiority
that Harry chose to ignore.

"We're staying the night?"

"Not much choice now."

The residence quarters were directly off the entryway and was a
simultaneously small and lavish little apartment. A fire burned in a
sandstone fireplace, providing the only illumination for the furniture
and art, a play of shadows and flickering gold. From what Harry could
make out, the little shoebox of a space held a distinctly Middle Eastern
style from the rugs, to the vases, to the motif of the tiles along the
walls. All of it beautiful and all of it undoubtedly genuine and
expensive. He just barely remembered to take off his boots before
climbing under the covers.

He woke up not only warm but over-heated and threw off the blankets. He
still felt sleepy, but no longer exhausted and a genuine curiosity about
the conservatory was starting to manifest. Not bothering with his boots,
he went out to explore. The hallway, he now noticed, had a Middle
Eastern feel as well. Tall, curved ceilings and doorways, graceful
columns, brightly colored decorative tiles in geometric patterns
everywhere. Suns, moons, and six-pointed stars featured prominently.
There was a palace-like elegance to the place and a sense of
displacement in time and space.

He opened a set of double doors and found himself in a large, open room.
Harry's first instinct was to call a ballroom due to its clean marble
flooring and then a solarium because of the domed glass ceiling. His
third instinct was to baulk at any attempt at classifying the room at
all. It had to be the conservatory's observation room, but there was no
telescope. In fact, there wasn't any sort of equipment or furniture at
all that he could see. The marble floor was so dark and clean it was
mirror-like, but for the curving, patternless golden lines that arched
and circled and wound themselves in a seeming randomness that,
nevertheless, held a sort of beauty. The walls were divided into twelve
sections and decorated in star charts behind glass cases. As he studied
the charts he could see the stars themselves were very slowly moving
across their pages. The dome was supported by twelve arches, also gilded
in gold but otherwise unadorned. At the moment, he could only see a
darkening sky and snow coming down and sliding off the sides.

"What do you think?" Voldemort asked once Harry had a chance to peruse
the room. He had been there when Harry walked in and was pouring out
lines of salt in a Star of David in the center of the room. At each
point was a wide, shallow bowl of water and a floating candle moving
lazily about its confines. Harry had never seen a ritual that used a
Star of David. Perhaps it was a ritual from the Book of Solomon?

"It's beautiful." It *was* beautiful. Beautiful and cold and not a place
he would feel comfortable alone in for a long period of time.

"It's far more than that, Harry. Let me show you."

He was led to one of the star charts, which on closer inspection proved
not to be a star chart at all but a sort of control panel. The glass
case was grooved with a series of circular indentations, and some of the
stars could be moved along sliders and portions of the sky turned in
complete circles. Voldemort turned one of these portions and room
suddenly darkened and brightened simultaneously, the sky in the dome
having turned from a blanket of clouds into a perfectly clear night sky
blanketed in stars. Harry couldn't help the startled gasp that escaped
him as Voldemort slid two star switches and suddenly the universe closed
in on them, and scattered amongst the billion burning suns he could now
make out the distinct shape of spiral galaxies, comets, and even the
planets Venus and Jupiter with its painted rings.

"By the Goddess."

Voldemort gave a satisfied smile. It seemed he finally got the response
he had been looking for and launched into an explanation.

"Magnificent, isn't it? This is the only conservatory in the world of
its kind. No telescopes, no waiting for the right weather or the right
time of year or even for night. Just a series of coordinates and you can
see the sky as it would appear anywhere in the world. Watch this."

Voldemort did another series of adjustments, and the sky above them was
suddenly filled, not with stars but with massive ribbons of light
undulating across the sky. Brilliant green edged with red slithered
about, cloud-like one moment then river-like the next.

"Aurora borealis..."

"Aurora australis, actually," the Dark Lord corrected. "Along the coast
of New Zealand, June 28th, 1938."

"How?"

"I don't know. I purchased the design for this conservatory from the
family of a great Iranian astronomer and magi. The design was genius,
but astronomy has lost favor since the fall of the Persian Empire and no
one was willing to commission it. I got it for a steal. The
construction... considerably less so. I can manage the controls, but the
magic behind it? Quite beyond me. I intend to hire a full-time
astronomer to conduct research here soon."

"It's brilliant. I'm sorry I doubted you."

"Hhmmm..."

The aurora disappeared and returned back a more familiar sky of
celestial bodies he now understood as more than *just* stars but could
no longer differentiate.

"This is the sky above us right now," Voldemort explained. "The stars
are in a very favorable position for what I want to try."

"And what do you want to try? Why the big secret?"

"I didn't want to scare you."

"... I'm feeling rather alarmed *now*."

"It's perfectly safe. Not painful in the least."

"Still not feeling any better."

"I just need you to drink something."

"I just need you to tell me what you're doing."

"An experiment."

"I am *not* drinking anything experimental."

"The potion is not the experiment. The potion is a means to an end."

"What end?"

"I wish to see if I have a 'soul space' or limbo, Harry. With the soul
you so foolishly inflicted on me, I might now have one."

"Oh..." He came up completely blank on how to respond to that. "Um...
how?"

"There is a ritual that allows one to purposely enter one's own soul
space, which is itself a manifestation of one's soul. By this means I
can examine the extent to which I am able to compare how similar or
different from a mortal soul it has become."

"Okay, I guess that makes sense, but what do you need me for?"

"I don't know for certain that I have a soul space. My soul is not
natural. I cannot know which characteristics it maintains and which it
does not. If I attempt to enter a limbo that does not exist, my
consciousness could be lost forever. That is why I need you. I can link
our souls temporarily and bring you into my soul space with me, or if I
do not have one then we will fall safely back into yours. You have
already proven to have one."

"I don't... I'm not comfortable with this."

"Nevertheless," Voldemort said, his expression darkening. "You *owe* it
to me."

Harry turned away. It suddenly became clear why the Dark Lord had not
let him forget the debt … the debts he had acquired to his patron. He
felt scared, angry, guilty, and vaguely sick. He didn't know what to do.
What could he do? He was trapped here. Voldemort had planned it. He
would not let him simply walk away.

"This is dangerous," he said sharply.

"Less than you might think. We cannot disrupt a soul space nor can we be
trapped there indefinitely. We will observe and then we will leave."

Rather than reassure Harry, it made him even more reluctant to go. He
had been in a limbo before, and he knew pain and dangers could exist
there. Voldemort didn't understand that their magic would be useless and
that put him at a considerable disadvantage. Harry doubted he would
appreciate this pointed out to him and hedged the subject.

"And you're okay with that? Me seeing your soul?"

"You've seen far more than that. Or don't you remember?"

How could he possibly forget?

That first Solstice ritual, the potency of the magic, the mind-altering
revelations. He had *seen* Voldemort then, from the shredded corruption
of his mutilated spirit to the mesmerizing beauty of the Earth's love
and the Dark Lord's own unbending will. Whatever he would see now, it
could not be any more terrifying or personal than what he had seen then.

He must have sensed Harry's resistance was wavering, because Voldemort
moved closer and slipped an arm around his shoulder to lead him towards
the star.

"Don't be so nervous. I am hardly likely to risk either of us or do
something unforgivable. You have trusted me with your life; certainly
you can trust me with this."

Harry wasn't so sure of that either, but he did not resist or say
anything further. He sensed he could not win this argument and to
persist would cause more harm than good. He did not know how far
Voldemort would go to get his way. So he let himself be settled on a
cushion, his legs folded underneath him, and accepted the tiny porcelain
cup when it was handed to him.

It looked like water. It tasted like water, albeit unpleasantly warm.

It made him instantly dizzy, and he was only halfway through the cup
before he felt the Dark Lord catch him as he fell over and then the
strange warmth of floor beneath him as he was laid down.

---

Harry did not wake up. He did not open his eyes. He did not blink. There
was simply a moment where he was in the conservatory and another where
he was not. What there was, however, was a moment of disorientation as
if he had apparated a great distance to a place with different elevation
and weather. Darkness and the dull roar and sudden snap of fire
dominated his senses, but these were not the only things that drew his
awareness. There was the sound and smell of water, the creak of wood,
and the feel of a balmy breezy against his skin.

His first thought was that he was on a ship, but as he sat up he
realized he was on a pier of some kind. At least, something like a pier.
A walkway about five feet across and made of heavy wood timbers
stretched out before him and behind him, but how far he couldn't say. It
was dark, the sky empty or perhaps not even there, and a haze surrounded
everything, but lay particularly thick beneath the walkway where the
sound of water lapping against the support columns could be heard. The
only light was a series of torches every eight feet or so that faded
behind the thickening haze and disappeared in the distance. The air was
thick with humidity and the dull droning of insects, broken by the cry
of some strange animal call or a splash of water from down below.

Harry thought of places he had read about in story books and watched on
television as a child. Pirate coves and swamps and exotic places where
the snakes and crocodiles were as great a danger as murderers and
bandits.

Not that he expected to be attacked by a pirate or even a crocodile. If
this place were anything like his own soul space, it was not intended to
alarm or frighten. The danger came from falling into a sense of
complacency.

"It's dark."

Harry spun around. The Dark Lord stood behind him as if he had been
there the entire time. Harry didn't question it.

"You are most comfortable in dark places," Harry said knowingly,
although Voldemort had never said or implied such a thing. Voldemort
turned from surveying what little could be made out in the gloom to
Harry.

"Why do you say that?"

"This place is intended to make you comfortable. It's a waiting place."

"Ah, that is true," Voldemort acknowledged and went back to looking
around. Harry climbed to his feet and felt a swell of unease as the wood
creaked loudly under his weight.

"I shouldn't be here," he said with certainty. "How do I leave?"

"Why in such a hurry? Are you afraid of what you might find?"

Harry ignored the suggestion of his cowardice.

"You know you have a soul space now. You don't need me here. Just let me
out."

"You will go when I say you may go and not before. I wish to explore
this place. Come."

The Dark Lord moved away and within moments became little more than a
vague shadow against the gloom and then disappeared altogether. Harry
hurried after him and nearly ran into his back, his appearance even more
sudden than his disappearance. Voldemort gave him an amused smile which
was met with nothing but an intensely irritated look. They walked along
quietly for a long time, exploring the walkway which proved to branch
out in different routes in different places, turning their path into a
labyrinth. Sometimes the paths lead to dead ends, sometimes to open
platforms, sometimes in loops, and others just kept going on
indefinitely until they narrowed unexpectedly or started to rot beneath
their feet and they were forced to turn around. Shapes formed and
disintegrated against the fog, never quite close enough to be
distinguished before fading away again. The insect drone was joined by
bird calls and the growls of unseen beasts, the balmy wind rustling
unseen vegetation and the water below.

The Dark Lord seemed to find the atmosphere soothing.

Harry did not.

The longer they stayed, the further they went and the more uneasy he
became. The muggy air left him unable to determine if he felt too hot or
too cold, and his eyes began to ache from trying to make out shapes and
dangers in the gloom. Although they intended to go nowhere in
particular, he couldn't help but feel they were getting increasingly
lost. The world, dark and *alive,* seemed to be closing in around him in
a claustrophobic collapse.

"Please, can we go now?" he asked. His voice sounded strangely
breathless, as if he had been running and was exhausted and he realized
he *was* exhausted, but he didn't know why.

"Go? We've barely looked around."

"We could spend eternity 'looking around' and never be done. Please, I
shouldn't be here."

"Being where you're not supposed to be seems to be a common enough
occurrence that I should not think you would be bothered by it overly
much," Voldemort said idly.

"Don't even go there. Those were accidents."

The Dark Lord snorted.

"Your 'accidents' tend to come down on *my* head. I think you can tough
it out yourself for a while."

Normally, Harry would have taken these comments in stride and perhaps
even laughed a little, but circumstances were not normal and the
pervading sense of 'wrongness' had made him edgy. It didn't help that he
had begun to realize that Voldemort had manipulated him into his current
situation. He had played on Harry's trust and his guilt in order to get
him here, and now that he had him where he wanted, the Dark Lord was
bullying him shamelessly. Harry had caused a lot of problems, but those
problems had almost all stemmed from his relationship with the Dark Lord
and the baggage that inevitably followed such an association. He had
suffered just as much, no... He had suffered *more* than the Dark Lord
as a direct result of their association, and he didn't appreciate it
being dismissed or forgotten as some sort of triviality.

"Fuck you!"

Voldemort's blinked. It seemed to take a moment for Harry's words to
sink in.

"What... did you just say?"

There was still more shock there than anger, but the anger was coming.
Harry could *feel* it, but he didn't care. He was scared, sick, and
Voldemort had run slipshod over him one too many times today. He was
tired of being the only one who was sorry about anything and everything.

"I said 'fuck' and 'you'. As in 'fuck you, you selfish prick'. What will
it take for you to be satisfied? Do you truly believe I owe you
something or is it just a convenient excuse to get your way?"

Voldemort's hand twitched, and Harry saw it. Let him know he saw it and
smirked with a level of vitriol he'd rarely ever directed at his mentor.
There were no wands here, no magic except in the place itself. If it
came down to a fight, they were not too unevenly matched.

"You little brat... after everything I've given you."

Harry barked out a laugh without humor.

"Given me? You don't *give* me anything I don't have to pay for one way
or another. You don't give gifts, remember?"

The Dark Lord stared at him, his anger disappearing into an unreadable
blankness. Harry had either caught him off guard or else his anger had
deepened into something truly dangerous, hidden until the moment of
attack. The younger wizard felt his uneasiness growing, the
claustrophobic darkness closing in even tighter now that his mentor was
firmly on the other side of a battle Harry had started. Battles,
however, were something he knew and understood and rather than back down
or clam up he found his own anger and defiance merely growing.

"Gifts," Voldemort began, his tone cold, "are for friends and family, of
which we are neither, but do not assume there are no debts owed between
us. How have you been tallying them so that you believe them settled?"

Harry felt his anger grow but under that anger was a fierce and piercing
pain at the Dark Lord's words. Not friends? Not family? Perhaps not in
the strictest sense, but there was a kinship there that had come close.
Something that bordered on both.

But apparently he had been deluding himself. Or the Dark Lord had misled
him. Probably both.

"Sorry," Harry said, matching his tone even if his face revealed
everything. "I never did anything because I thought I *owed* it to you.
Keeping track just seemed... trivial. My mistake."

He turned on his heels and started to walk away. It was stupid and
reckless, but he didn't want... no, he couldn't *stand* to be near
Voldemort at the moment. He felt himself unraveling. This place, this
awful place was making him sick. Irrational. He would rather suffer it
alone though. The Dark Lord was making it worse.

"Where are you going?" the elder wizard asked. His voice was still cold,
but was that a touch of concern he heard? No. It was just another
delusion or a trick. He didn't turn around.

"To find a way out of here. It'll be one less debt I owe you," he
snarled, quickening his pace now that he felt the other was following
him.

"Harry, stop! We can't separate here. You'll be stuck."

Harry laughed, continuing to walk... stumble. Was it getting darker? The
torches running low? The distance between the two wizards was increasing
and a glance over his shoulder revealed the Dark Lord was little more
than a shadow against the gloom and fading fast. "Not too much fun from
the other end of things, is it? What will you give me to turn around?
Will we be even yet? Or will-"

The walkway disappeared beneath his feet. He did not have time to decide
if it was merely his own inattention or whether the wooden beams simply
decided not exist from one moment to the next. He fell into the wet
darkness beneath him or perhaps it rose up to ensnare him and for a
moment he wondered if he would fall straight through the fog and just
keep going, falling and falling for all of eternity. The wondering
moment ended with him slamming face-first into water. The impact was
jarring. His back and neck felt as if they'd shattered, but he didn't
have time to find out if it they had.

Water had already lodged itself up his nose and into his lungs, and he
was drowning almost immediately. He flailed to the surface instinctively
and coughed up a vile broth of swamp muck and struggled to keep his head
atop the water. Panic filled him.

He was hydrophobic. A not unreasonable fear of drowning had developed
after several close calls both in the real world and in his own soul
space, and now he was surrounded by the element which seemed most intent
on destroying him and in the darkness he could see nothing but the glow
of torches against the fog nearly thirty feet above him. He could not
see land or the support beams of the walkway (if there even were any) or
a boat or *anything* he might use to escape drowning.

"Harry?" he heard from somewhere above him. Voldemort. He was still
looking for him. Of course he was, he couldn't leave without him, now
could he? Who knew what damage he could do wandering around this place?

This depressing and somewhat aggravating thought was met with a
considerably more heartening discovery as his foot brushed something
solid beneath him. He felt around a bit more, and feeling like an idiot,
stood up. The water only reached about midway up his chest.

It was something. He couldn't say he was happy yet, but at least
drowning didn't seem imminent.

That left whatever delightful beasties that roamed the Dark Lord's inner
world to worry about.

"Harry? Where are you?"

"I'm down here!" he shouted back. The words echoed heavily, and Harry
wasn't entirely certain where exactly they came from and where exactly
they went. Was the Dark Lord right above him or had he moved further
off, not realizing where exactly Harry had fallen or that he had fallen
at all? Merlin, he felt like a fool. He was going to have to ask for
help. Another thing he would owe the Dark Lord for.

"Where? Harry?"

The voice was getting further away, and Harry shouted after him again.
He waited for a reply. Nothing. He tried again. Still nothing. It was
official.

Harry had misplaced himself yet again.

He felt another swell of irrational anger. Anger at his situation, anger
at himself for not paying attention, anger at Voldemort for bringing him
here in the first place. He let out a scream of frustration and listened
to it shatter into a hundred echoes and scatter into the balmy night,
sending birds flying and little animals scurrying in fright.

He hoped Voldemort heard it. He hoped he heard it and it *scared* him.

Not that he thought it would.

There was no point to waiting around to find out. Waiting wasn't in his
nature. He started to walk, sticking his arms out around him. It was
difficult. He was blind, the water was relatively warm but dragged at
his clothes and body, and the ground beneath his feet was sandy and
shifting. He continued anyway, fed by anger and his intense desire to
escape the water *somehow*.

Eventually he found a support beam and from then on it was fairly easy
to move from one beam to another, and while he didn't know where he was
going he at least knew wasn't wandering away into an abyss. Every so
often he would call out. If the Dark Lord did hear him, Harry didn't
hear him shout back.

Harry wasn't sure how long he wandered blindly. It could have been
minutes or hours or an entire day. The nature of the place made it
difficult to grasp time. It was a place meant for waiting without
feeling as if you *were* waiting. A supposedly safe place, but not for
Harry. He thought about it long and hard, and even as irrational as he
knew he was, he felt at least part of it was because of this place and
that there might be reasons for that. He was not supposed to be here. No
one but Voldemort was *ever* supposed to be here.

Time passed and Harry kept moving. He began to feel more tired than
angry and his mind started to wander to random things. He wondered what
had become of his watch back in Hausteheim and the little box of
Carrigan's unseen treasures. He wondered about Hermione and how she was
managing her time back at Malfoy Manor, locked in with the man she most
hated and a mother she felt so betrayed by. He thought about the friends
he had made and hadn't seen in forever. Fleur, Hagrid, Alyssa and
Morgana, Tom, McGunny...

His foot suddenly caught on something, causing him to trip and come up
sputtering. Once he had regained his balance, he felt around with his
foot to see what was responsible. He found a root firmly planted in the
ground on one end and wandering off in another direction. He considered
for a few moments and then followed it. Following the walkway had led
him nowhere. If he found a tree, perhaps he would at least be able to
climb out of the water and rest.

The root was longer than he had anticipated. It seemed to go on and on
and on, growing gradually thicker but never really reaching its source.
And then the darkness around him seemed to lessen, first becoming a dark
gray fog, then slightly less dark gray fog so that he could make out the
shape of his hand in front of his face. Then the air around him began to
take on an amber hue and in the distance he could make out the familiar
warm glow of fire.

Closer and closer he came to the blaze which was growing larger and
larger before his eyes until the heat of it had burned away the fog
entirely and left him looking up in stunned awe.

Before him stood a tree, but not a tree like any he had seen before. Its
trunk and branches were massive and black as pitch as they stretched up
into the sky and down into the swamp like a thousand gnarled, skeletal
hands. The leaves, if they could, in fact, be called leaves, were shaped
like maple's and burned like hot coals, glowing brilliant orange in the
darkness and then bright yellow whenever a breeze stroked the embers.
And yet the tree was not consumed. It did not dissolve into ash or snap
into kindling.

It was made of fire itself.

It was beautiful.

Very carefully, Harry reached out to touch it. It was hot against his
hand, but it did not burn him. He climbed out of the water, and once out
he found the branches seemed to be *made* for climbing, and he went even
further up into his new sanctuary. He tested the heat of the leaves, and
while they were even hotter than the trunk and branches, they didn't
burn him either.

He stripped down to his underclothes and left them to dry and found
himself a comfortable place in a natural niche against the trunk to
rest. He sighed and prepared himself to sleep. He was so tired, and for
the first time since he had arrived in this strange place, he felt safe.
The animal sounds were distant here, the water safely below, and even
the fog seemed to have fled from this sanctuary. For a while, he stared
up into the canopy, admired the lines of black against the burning glow,
and listened to the mixture of lapping water and rustling leaves in the
breeze.

He was so tired...

He couldn't say that he slept. If he had, there had been no dream, and
from one waking moment to the next he had seen only the slow dance of
fire leaves above him and heard a monotonous 'ssshhh' around him. He
thought of nothing and no one. His mind was comfortably blank. Time was
meaningless here, whether he was moving or resting.

But when a hand touched his face and a voice whispered his name, he knew
he had been there a long time. Longer than he should have been.

"Harry, wake up."

"I'm not asleep," he murmured and tried to look from the mesmerizing
dance of light and darkness above him to the man he knew was in front of
him. However, the only thing he could move was his eyes, and they landed
on Voldemort, whose expression was such that he knew something had gone
very wrong. "I can't move."

"It's the tree. It's grown up around you."

The Dark Lord was kneeling in front of him, braced between the thick
branches but looking vaguely distressed. Harry tried to move again, this
time more vigorously. He met with slightly more success, but there was a
stabbing sensation for every centimeter he managed followed by the
feeling of his own blood spilling free.

"Don't move," Voldemort warned belatedly.

"Get me out of here... please," he begged, panic rising even as he felt
himself growing even more tired.

"Just don't move. I don't think it's intentionally trying to hurt you."

Even as he said this, Harry could feel his mentor's hands clawing the
wooden tendrils encasing him, splintering them beneath his hands. But
there was so much of it and it seemed to keep growing around him.

"Not hurt me? It's trying to fucking *eat* me," he said desperately,
even as his eyes started to slip shut. "I can't stay awake."

"You have to. Just a little while longer and I'll have you out of
there."

There was a touch of desperation in Voldemort's voice that Harry had
never heard before, and he opened his eyes again to look at the other
curiously.

"Why do you even care? We're not family. Not even friends."

The man grimaced.

"A misleading choice of words on my part."

Harry felt himself nodding off again.

"So we are friends?"

"No. Whatever we are, we could never be friends."

He fell silent, the previous hurt and disappointment returning. He
closed his eyes. He was so tired and he didn't want to feel that way
anymore. There was a sharp slap to his cheek, snapping him awake.

"Ow! What was that for?"

"Stay awake. It grows faster when you surrender your will to it."

"Again, why do you even care?"

Voldemort leveled a glare at him that Harry had once seen make a grown
wizard piss himself. Harry found it interesting enough to muster up the
will to glare back.

"Stupid child. We are not family and we are not friends," the Dark Lord
said curtly. "Whatever we are, only the gods might have a word for. What
we've done to one another, for each other, against each other... the
most passionate of lovers and the most viscious of enemies would not
have *conceived* of attempting. We are beyond mortal understanding or
sentiment. We are beyond their pale and paltry labels."

Harry could only stare back at him, a lump forming in his throat. He was
suddenly terrified and relieved and overwhelmed.

But he was no longer tired.

Slowly but steadily the Dark Lord tore the wood away, until eventually
Harry could move his arms and help him. Their hands became bloodied with
splinters and their sweat stung their own wounds, but they did not stop,
and with Harry's rebellious spirit fanned once again the fire tree
finally gave way and released him. Voldemort neatly caught him as he
fell free and settled him safely beside him. They sat there for a
moment, heaving from exertion.

"Can we go yet?" Harry panted.

Voldemort nodded. He too seemed to have seen enough. From his boot, the
Dark Lord pulled out a large hunting knife. Harry gave it a curious look
and started to ask what it was for, when he suddenly found it plunged
into his chest.

Harry woke with a gasp and a choke and found himself staring up at
Voldemort's face, framed by the starry sky of the conservatory's
ceiling. The man's crimson eyes were open, but they were empty and
unseeing. He sat up, displacing the hands that had been holding his head
steady. He had barely righted himself when Voldemort gave a jerk,
blinked once, and looked around.

Harry gave him an annoyed look and rubbed the soreness in his chest. A
memory of being stabbed lingered.

"What was that with the knife?"

The Dark Lord smirked.

"Didn't you know killing yourself in a soul space is the only way to
force yourself out of it?"

Harry had been to his own limbo once and had managed to find a way to
escape. By drowning, unfortunately. He hadn't realized the metaphorical
death had been a necessity, but now he could sort of understand it.

"You might have mentioned it before."

"I am fortunate you did not break your neck falling off the pier. It
would have made my own return extremely difficult."

"Not a part of your grand master plan?" Harry said. He was going for
sardonic, but it came off as petulant.

"A great deal of what happened did not go according to plan. I hadn't
realized taking you into my soul space would have such a negative effect
on you. I hadn't even realized anything was wrong until you became so
hostile and stormed off."

This answer did not impress Harry but he decided to let it go. It wasn't
as if he had any right to judge. He had made his own colossal mistakes
with magic, spiritually based magic in particular. He tried to climb to
his feet but found he could barely move. Looking to Voldemort, he
expected to see the same weakness, but the man got to his feet easily,
even energetically.

The discrepancy became even more obvious when the Dark Lord attempted to
help him to his feet and Harry's magus hypersentia went crazy, tingling
along his skin like electricity.

"What the hell?"

Voldemort carefully laid him back down and Harry had to let him. He
didn't know if he could even sit up now.

"Ugh, what's wrong with me?"

For a while, the Dark Lord did not answer him. He drew out his wand and
cast several spells Harry didn't recognize and cautiously prodded at him
with one of his fingers. The younger wizard was getting increasingly
worried. Then, in an alarming turn, Voldemort took the glove from his
false arm and examined it as well. Harry couldn't see it all from where
he was laying, but he knew whatever the other man saw disturbed him.

"It seems... there was another side affect I had not anticipated. I
appear to have drained your magic."

Voldemort let his fake arm hover over Harry's face so he could see. The
limb, previously rough and miscolored from the Dark Lord's natural one,
now appeared elegant and perfectly matched.

Harry, near-paralyzed from magic deprivation shock, glared at him.

"You so *owe* me for this."

---

"Do not allow yourself to be discouraged, Commander Mandalari. They do
not doubt your plan so much as they doubt their own strength to execute
it," Dumbledore said, pouring his guest a glass of amber liquor and
sliding it across the table. Mandalari accepted the offering with a nod,
but did not appear appeased. He had been quartered in a private tent and
had waited there patiently as the leaders of the rebellion gathered to
discuss his plan, only leaving occasionally to answer questions or smoke
a cigarette. Finally, the rebellion leaders had come to a decision.

And Mandalari hadn't cared for it one little bit.

"If we can recruit more fighters or even if we land a few more decisive
victories, I do not doubt that they will wish to hear your plan again,"
Dumbledore reassured him. The Italian scowled into his drink.

"There will be no more fighters and there will be no decisive victories.
The Dark Lord is too strong. Too smart. If they don't do it soon, they
will not have another chance."

"Even Voldemort-"

Mandalari flinched. He had not used to flinch at that name. He had not
known it was the true name of the devil before.

"- cannot plan for everything. His sudden withdrawal to Britain is proof
of that."

"We do not know what caused that."

"I have a few suspicions," he said, with a touch of humor. He suspected
Harry, even though there was not a shred of proof to support the idea
and he had even less understanding of what the boy might have done. The
Italian gave him an expectant look, but he did not elaborate. He doubted
the man would appreciate him bringing Harry into the conversation.

"I don't have the influence I once had," Dumbledore said instead. "I
cannot force their hands. I wouldn't want to in this case. They must
*believe* they can succeed before going through with it. For now, we
must do what we can in Germany. Grow the resistance, destabilize the
invaders, and wait for the opportunity to present itself again."

"And if it doesn't?"

Dumbledore merely chuckled.

"My dear friend, I thought you were a man of faith?"

---

Fleur stumbled into Bill's apartment at a quarter to one, cold and tired
and desperate not to be alone. Bill, because he was somehow perfect in
all the ways she needed him to be, was still up and waiting for her. He
took one look at her and ushered her into his tiny bathroom for a hot
shower. When she got out, he dressed her in his ugliest Weasley sweater
and gave her a sugar cookie and a glass of red wine. It was all so
ridiculously mismatched, she couldn't help but smile a little in spite
of everything.

They cuddled on his bed, sitting up against a pile of cushions and
looking out the adjacent window to the city glimmering outside. Finally,
she allowed herself to relax and enjoy her cookie and her wine (it had
to have been a gift because it was actually decent) and softness of the
over-sized sweater wrapped around her and Bill's warm body pressed
against her. She could almost be happy right then. She could almost be
happy if she could only stop thinking.

"What happened?" he asked finally.

"It was just... a really bad day."

"How bad?" He knew her 'bad days' were not like his bad days or an
average person's bad day. Her line of work put 'bad days' on a
completely different level.

"We lost two of our own today. Well, not musketeers, but Aurors. Good
guys. I 'ad met zem once before."

He kissed her hair and squeezed her tighter. She squeezed him back, and
being not entirely human, bruised a few ribs in the process.

"God, Avers 'ad a wife. We 'ad to go and deliver ze news. Nearly
Christmas and we've got to go and tell 'er 'e wasn't coming 'ome. I
zought she was going to die right zere on ze doorstep. It was awful."

He nodded but didn't say he understood even though he did. He had
thought the same thing would happen to his mother when his father had
been sentenced to Azkaban, a death sentence that lingered for *years*.
He had seen more than his fair share of widows and widowers in England,
but this was France and these things were a rarity.

"What happened to them?" he asked, because talking about the dead was
always somehow easier than talking about those left behind.

"I saw ze crime scene, but I don't know ze details. Zey were... torn to
pieces, but I don't zink it was a spell. Whatever did zat to zem was not
'uman."

That did not narrow things down particularly. Paris was a hotspot for
various races and mix-bloods. Fleur, herself, was part veela and strong
enough to kill a man with her bare hands if necessary. There were a host
of other beings capable of the same thing.

"Do you have any ideas?" he asked.

"I don't know, but I doubt it was random. Balthus is trying to track
down zer supervisor to find out what zer assignment was. The
necrotists[^132-1] haven't even touched the bodies yet. I'll find out
tomorrow."

"Tomorrow or today? It's Christmas Eve now."

She blinked and smiled but there were tears in her eyes.

"Merry Christmas."

He hugged her tightly and let her bury her face into his neck.

"Ssshhhh... it's okay. It's okay. It doesn't last. Tonight, cry it all
out, sleep, and when the sun comes up we'll go spend the morning with
your family, and then you will go out with Balthus and you'll catch the
son-of-a-bitch who did this."

She nodded against his shoulder.

"Oui, zat is ze plan."

"It's a *great* plan."

---

Snape agreed to meet Lucius a few days before Christmas, but only on the
condition that they not do so at the manor. There were a variety of
reasons for this, and he wasn't afraid to let Lucius know them either
but didn't have to because they understood each other very well. So they
had opted for a shopping excursion in Coventry. This was the first
Christmas in a long time that Snape had anyone to shop for, and he
wasn't above taking advantage of his friend's expertise on finding a
suitable gift for one's wife while they discussed whatever it was the
general wanted to discuss.

"Mr. Potter decided not to join us?" Lucius asked idly, as they perused
a small jewelry store beneath Lucius' interest but within range for his
more modest friend. Ira did not have a lot of jewelry, but she wore the
butterfly broach Snape had given her almost every day, and he thought
she might appreciate a little variety. His friend had agreed to his
logic. "I do hope he will be available for the Christmas Party. Hermione
would be so disappointed if he did not come."

"Hermione or yourself? Looking for an opportunity to drown him in the
punchbowl?"

Lucius put on a look of mock insult. Snape felt amused despite himself.
The Malfoy patriarch had been in surprisingly good humor, perhaps a
result of his return to good health if not good standing. Optimism was
for idiots, but Snape thought things might turn out alright just this
once.

"I'm terribly offended you would think so ill of me," Lucius said,
continuing his charade of hurt. "I merely wanted to thank the boy
properly. It seems I owe him a debt of gratitude."

"Or rather a life debt."

Snape didn't like to ruin the congenial mood, but he had a greater
responsibility to both his ward and his friend than pandering to their
good graces. He needed to keep the peace, even if it was only a
stalemate. Lucius grimaced a bit but continued as if unaffected.

"A minor disparity in rank that I am sure will be quickly resolved.
These are dangerous times we live in, after all, and he's so talented at
getting himself into situations. We may yet start our association anew
now that the primary cause of contention between us is dissolved."

"The betrothal?" Snape asked rhetorically. "How did Crouch take it?"

"With his usual venom, I would say. Do not worry; his anger is directled
entirely at me. I doubt he will even glance at the girl again."

This was good. Crouch was from a very proud family with a long history
of vendettas and a very short list of grudges left unsatisfied. Hermione
was a bright girl, but she would not have been prepared if he had
directed his revenge at her. It was a piece of information Lucius would
not have been required to give and that could easily have created
unnecessary worry for Snape. He decided to return the gesture.

"Harry is still with the Dark Lord, but has expressed that he will be
attending either with myself or in our master's company."

"He is still with the Dark Lord? I had not heard he was seen with him
since Tuesday."

"Mmmm, yes, it seems there was some sort of... accident. He has not been
up to traveling as extensively as our master requires."

"An accident? He was not hurt?"

Snape tried to detect any trace of eagerness in his friend's tone, but
there was only general curiosity. He didn't even try to fake sympathy.

"Only his pride. His letter was rather terse. I imagine the Dark Lord
bested him in some way. What about that one?"

Lucius looked at the necklace Snape had pointed out and shook his head.

"Not with her hair color. You might try a cameo. They are a few over
there," he suggested, and they moved to another corner of the store.
Once there, Lucius continued. "Despite what you may think, I did not
invite you here to talk about Harry. There's something I needed to
discuss with you before the party so that we don't have any sort of
misunderstanding."

Snape abandoned the cameos and turned his attention fully to Lucius.

"I have found another fiancé for Hermione. Don't give me that look,
Severus! It wasn't my idea!"

He was still giving Lucius 'that look' which was commonly interpreted as
'oh, really' but really meant 'you're full of shit'.

"Do you have any idea of the grief Narcissa gave me after I called off
the betrothal with Crouch? I haven't had a minute's peace since I told
her."

Alright, he had not considered that, but he could definitely believe it.
The esteemed Lady Malfoy was more than a match for her husband, and she
had been the only enthusiastic supporter of his little scheme. He
doubted she would have been satisfied with any answer he gave her for
suddenly changing it.

"So you decided to start the same scheme over again?"

"Of course not. This fellow isn't anything like Crouch. *You* might even
like him."

"Hardly indicative of good character, Lucius."

"Fine, *Hermione* might even like him, if you somehow interpret that as
a good indicator. Harry seemed to like him well enough."

Now Snape was curious. He was not an opponent to betrothals in general,
and he believed they had many good qualities as long as the match was
suitable. If Narcissa had approved his choice, the gentleman had to be
of good social standing, and if Harry had approved, he was probably of
agreeable temperament. Not that he fully trusted either of their
judgments on the matter of suitable husband material for his
goddaughter.

"Have I met him?" he asked.

"Sort of. Briefly. His name is Reginald Stratus. He was in charge of
protecting Harry during his visit to Ireland. He's also my personal
assistant."

Snape thought back on the day. There had been very few survivors, but
none of them had particularly stood out to him at the time. He had been
more concerned about Harry and then the Dark Lord after his amputation.
He thought he might remember Harry discussing the man briefly as he
explained what had happened. He seemed to think Stratus had been very
brave. This would normally count against him in Snape's estimation, but
since the man had managed to survive the faerie attack and the Dark
Lord's anger at his initial failure to protect his protégé, he was
clearly more resourceful than foolish. That he was Lucius' personal
assistant was a bit concerning, but that also suggested that the man was
at least competent.

"I would like to meet him," Snape asked.

"Of course. He'll be at the Christmas Ball. You can grill him there."

Snape nodded in acknowledgment. He fully intended to do just that.

"Do you still intend to cut Hermione's schooling short?"

Lucius sighed.

"No. Stratus expressed the desire to have a fully *educated* wife.
Secondary *and* University. It's going to be a long engagement."

The headmaster was already starting to like the man. Hermione would not
be happy to learn she was once again betrothed, but perhaps the long
engagement would allow her to warm up to the idea. She was not a silly
romantic after all. Even if this Stratus were not the love of her life,
she might be willing to settle down with him if he offered her the
respect and the freedom she deserved.

"Have you told her yet?"

"Not yet. Narcissa thought it might be a good idea for Stratus to strike
up a courtship with her first before suggesting marriage. She seemed to
think Hermione was somehow prejudiced against Crouch because of how they
were introduced."

They both shared a look. Snape let out a snort. However, Narcissa did
have a good idea. It would perhaps be best to see how they got along
before he decided to offer his own stamp of approval. It would also give
him the opportunity to do a thorough background check.

"And what does Stratus get out of this?"

"A dowry of course," Lucius said bluntly. "And a rather large number of
influential people to count amongst his acquaintances, myself and the
Dark Lord's protégé not least among them. He's a pureblood and from a
respectable family, but he's a third son. His marriage prospects were
slim so he joined the military and focused on building his career. He's
done quite well for himself considering."

A self-made man then. Another point in his favor, but Lucius was hardly
going to point out the negatives. He seemed to want Snape's approval for
this. Perhaps it was his way of mending fences between them. It would be
nice if it were true, but he was not an optimist any more than he was a
fool.

"Very well, I will meet this man and try to keep an open mind."

"Thank you, Severus. That is all I ask."

---

"I believe I figured it out," Voldemort said as he entered the study.
Harry was right where he had left him that morning, curled up on the
sofa and glaring death as he entered. "The tree is an aspect of my soul
and was absorbing your magic and filtering it, allowing my own body to
safely take it into itself and use that extra magic to heal itself. The
soul is the source of magic, after all, so it makes sense that it might
have the ability to do something with magic that the body cannot."

Harry gave him an odd look.

"If the soul is the source of magic, then why are most magic users born
into magical families? If it was merely a magical soul wandering around
in search of a body, shouldn't it be a lot more random?"

"Not necessarily. Magic is attracted to magic. Would it be that strange
if a soul, capable of magic, was attracted to a fetus within a magical
parent? Muggleborns and squibs are merely a sort of accident."

"But if magical inheritance isn't involved, what about magical traits
that only run in families? Like Parseltongue?"

Voldemort stopped to consider.

"That's a good question. Perhaps the soul is a source of magic, but the
body might define certain limitations and potentials on how that magic
is expressed."

Harry wasn't sure what to make of that and frankly was too tired to care
very much.

"I don't suppose you could give my magic back? Since you were able to
absorb it," Harry asked peevishly. Magic deprivation was unpleasant
enough as it was, but having the cause of that deprivation practically
skipping around him with excess energy was exceptionally aggravating. It
didn't help that Voldemort seemed to find his surliness hilarious.

"No," Voldemort said. "It's already been converted into something *I*
can use. If I could somehow give you my excess magic, it would kill you.
Probably. Although... Where did you put the book?"

Harry pulled a small journal out from the cushions and hurled it at the
man, who caught it easily.

"Careful, Harry, this belongs to you as much as it does to me," he said
and went to his desk for a pen. He had been carefully documenting 'the
experiment' and had even let Harry read through his notes and add
comments of his own. He briefly skimmed some of the comments and found
they were not very flattering. Oh well, it was only a rough draft.

"What are you writing now?"

"Possible future experiments."

"Count me out."

Voldemort just smiled to himself. Harry would feel better soon enough,
and then he might be more open-minded. After finishing his notation, he
closed the book and set it on the shelf for later. He would rather Harry
not read it just yet.

"I dropped by Hogwarts and got something for you," he said to his
protégé. "I think it will make you feel better."

He pulled something out of his pocket and handed it to Harry. The boy
blinked, then relaxed, his irritated expression melting away.

"I hadn't thought about this," he said, holding his keystone tightly in
his hands. He had left the keystone at Hogwarts, safely tucked under his
pillow, afraid he would forget it or lose it in the house. He brought it
to rest against his chest. It felt cool against his skin, but left him
feeling warm as his magic flowed back into him. He felt immediately
stronger, if not fully recovered.

"Better?" Voldemort asked.

"Much."

"Good. You have an appointment with a tailor today, and then Lucius'
party tomorrow."

Harry let out an exhausted huff. He had forgotten about the party. While
he was recovering he had a legitimate reason not to go, and even now he
wasn't certain he was up to facing the general, but he had little choice
in the matter, it seemed. He would just have to find a reason to stick
close to Voldemort or perhaps Snape. He could fake a dizzy spell if
necessary and cut out early.

Nevertheless, after three days cooped up with nothing to do, Harry was
looking forward to going out and doing something. Anything.

It turned out that his appointment with the tailor did not include the
Dark Lord, who had engagements elsewhere and left him in Victoria's
capable hands. Harry was glad of this, for in addition to catching up
with her he was able to set his own pace rather than try to keep up with
his mentor's. The tailor was one he had visited a few times before and
already knew his preferences but insisted on another round of
measurements.

"Young men are so elastic," the tailor had laughed. "I never know what
shape they'll come in from one week to the next." Victoria was sent to
look at materials in the shop while Harry stripped down to his skivvies
to be measured and was shortly left alone altogether while the tailor
went out to gather some samples.

"Well, haven't *you* grown up."

Harry nearly jumped out of skin and spun around to see who or what had
somehow snuck into a room with only one door. A door he happened to be
facing almost the entire time.

"*Skeeter!*" he hissed, feeling himself flush with embarrassment. Of all
the people he *didn't* want to be caught with in only his underwear,
Rita Skeeter ranked second in the world, right after Lestrange. "What
are you doing in here?"

She had the audacity to leer at him, and if he hadn't left his wand with
Victoria he would have cast a blinding curse the reporter on principle
alone.

"Oh, Harry-dear, there's no need to be shy. You have *nothing* to be
ashamed of."

He could feel himself turn redder by the second and that was no doubt
her intention. She thrived on making people uncomfortable, and she was
very good at it. However, he didn't believe she had transfigured herself
and followed him just to ogle his teenage body. At least, he hoped not.

"What do you want?"

Her smile was all shiny red plastic and hard to look at directly without
thinking of poisonous things.

"I heard you were going to Malfoy's Christmas Ball again this year."

His discomfort took on a sharper edge of wariness.

"Yeah? And?"

"Weeellll... I was wondering if I could ask a teeny tiny, itsy bitsy
little favor..."

---

Necrotist: a wizarding medical examiner/mortician.

P.S. Special thanks again to Arwen and FiveofDiamonds for betaing.
Particularly, FiveofDiamonds who had so much on her plate already! Best
of luck with your studies!
