# Entanglements

"Aah!" Harry cried out, bolting upright from were he lay, and for a moment he
could feel the heat of the fires from his dreams follow him into the waking
world, hot against his skin and yet refusing to burn him away as it had
everything else in nightmares. He thrashed in his panic, kicking away his
sheets away and knocking over the bedside table.

The metallic clang of a tray striking the stone floor woke him completely,
ruthlessly drawing him back into reality. He froze, staring wide eyed ahead of
him. The fires were gone, and what was left was the blurry but familiar layout
of a hospital room. He started to shiver. A shadow moved, and he recognized it
immediately.

"Professor?"

"Yes, Potter," the Snape replied, his tone to painfully normal, Harry was
simultaneously terrified and amused. "You are in a private hospital. You've
been unconscious for two days with fever, which has finally broken."

The potions master allowed him to absorb that bit of news while he cleaned up
the mess he had made during his violent awakening. Harry took a quick
inventory of his person. His feet and legs were the first to bear his
scrutiny, and aside from bruised knees they looked just fine. Next he checked
his hands, which were bandaged and ached, but his fingers moved easily enough.
He recalled they had been burned badly, although he couldn't remember how. The
rest appeared unharmed, but he was sweating profusely and wracked with
shivers. He gathered up his discarded blanket and wrapped it around himself.

"Aren't you supposed to be in Paris?" he asked, trying to put more strength
into his shaking voice than he felt.

"Hmph. And so I would be if you would avoid this bad habit of rushing off to
fight hordes of Aurors all of the time," Snape said, acidly, the effect
somewhat dimmed when he put Harry's glasses on his face for him. It took a
while, but his eyes finally adjusted so that he could see the other man
clearly.

The honeymoon had been doing the caustic man some good he noted. His normally
sallow complexion was flush with beginnings of a tan and the shadows under his
eyes had receded, leaving him looking, if not exactly handsome, at least
younger. .

Harry wondered how long it would last.

"They started it," he muttered, and then hung his head when he realized how
stupid that sounded. The older wizard snorted.

"Indeed, and you ended it. Do you remember what happened?"

"Yes," he said, recalling the events that had transpired… with relative
certainty. He couldn't quite remember the order of things, but he remembered
the individual parts. He remembered the first explosion and Kinglsey bleeding
on the ground and paper birds and the chase or was it the escape? No, he had
done both. He remembered the explosions and the Canon Fire spell and the
wandless magic with the broom and the hospital collapsing. He remembered
killing all those people. He remembered everything.

"Good, because no one else seems to have any clue what you did and did not do
during the fifteen minutes you were engaging the invaders, and I've been
charged with obtaining your version of the event. Do you require a calming
draught?" he asked as he pulled out a quill and parchment from somewhere on
his person.

"I don't think so."

"Tell me if you need to stop," he said firmly, and dispassionately. Harry was
grateful for his cold and clinical manner. He didn't know what he would do if
Snape suddenly started treating him as if he were broken. His sanity wouldn't
tolerate another question it. Not right now.

Harry told of what had happened in York as best he could, although he had to
stop several times and re-order the events in his mind, and fell silent for
minutes on end as he tried to sort through it. His guardian did not push him
or rush him or criticize his lack of mental organization. It only took about
half an hour total and half of that was spent explaining the transfigured bird
spell, which none of the investigators had yet been able to replicate. Snape
didn't seem particularly pleased with Harry's description of the spell either,
but decided against interrogating his ward so soon after his fever had broken.

When Harry had spoken everything Snape needed to fill out his report, the man
put away the parchment, leaned back in his chair, and stared at the young
wizard for a long time in complete silence. Harry didn't speak or avoid his
stare, but matched his gaze in unwavering solemnity.

"You're not scared," he said after several minutes. "And you're not mad. Not
much, at least."

Harry blinked, and then smiled, relieved.

"That's good. I was worried. I think a lot of people must be thinking that
this would be the final blow, and I'd just fall to pieces," he said, a touch
of self-mocking. "It's funny though. I feel more certain of myself than I have
for a long time. All that worrying, and it was over nothing."

He ran a hand through his hair and grimaced at the greasy, wet feel of it. He
turned to Snape to tell him he was going to take a shower, but hesitated at
the cold, hard look the man was giving him.

"So it finally happened."

"What finally happened?"

The dark wizard closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and opened them.

"Do you recall, Mr. Potter, that night at your relative's house when I brought
you into the wizarding world?"

He tensed, wondering at the seeming randomness of the question, but nodded.

"I had been bullying your giant walrus of an uncle-"

Harry's lips twitched into a smile at the memory, but he quickly clamped down
on it. This was supposed to be serious.

"- and you asked me how I was able to do so. Do you remember what I told you?"

The young wizard thought for a moment, and although his thoughts were cloudy
from his dissipating sickness, he could recall that moment with a strange sort
of clarity. The living room had been sparkling clean and too bright for the
ominous gathering, the air was hot and thick with humidity and tension and
fear. Snape had *towered* over Harry, his eyes as dark and piercing as they
were now.

"… you said… you said something about men of violence. How there were men who
strived for violence and those who lived it. And they were completely
different… no, they were on completely different levels."

"Yes. It's good to know something I taught you actually stuck in that mass of
tapioca you call a brain."

"Hey!"

"You are now a man of violence."

Harry stared at him. He was already sick, weak, cold, and trembling, but if he
hadn't been all these things already he thought for certain Snape's words
would have made him so. There were implications he was afraid to look at.
Ideas were being cemented into a harsh terminology rather than being allowed
to float in the back of his mind as poorly constructed notions, felt but
unnamed and therefore unreal.

"Don't be afraid," the man said, forcing the issue even as he saw his ward
physically withdraw deeper into his blankets, like a turtle huddling in its
shell. "It is not something so terrible all its own. Modern man is born into a
dichotomy. He is both naturally violent and artificially afraid of violence,
taught to fear it to an irrational extent from infancy and shy away through
rules and laws and social integration even as he as he recognizes the weakness
left in its absence. You have been freed of that dichotomy, Mr. Potter. You
have killed men, many men, in fact, and while they certainly received their
just desserts, it should be noted if you were not a man of violence, that the
act that you have committed would surely have driven you insane."

Harry was now fairly certain that at least some of his shaking was not because
of the fever.

"I'm…evil?"

Snape glowered.

"You're exceptionally dense, is what you are. Pay attention. I said you're not
afraid to kill someone, and I only mean that in a very limited sense. More
specifically, it means that you are able to kill someone when you believe it's
necessary. That is far more than most can claim to be capable of. You would be
amazed at what the average man and woman will allow to happen before they can
be harassed into defending themselves, and once they do defend themselves they
are traumatized afterwards. You saw it yourself in York, how all those people
ran around like dumb sheep rather than defend themselves."

Indeed, Harry had seen, and he felt a certain amount of anger that he had been
the first to counterattack, and that it wasn't until he had the enemy on the
defensive that anyone had dared to come to his aid. Even if the people there
hadn't been 'men of violence', they should have at least had some sense of
self-preservation or at least a spine. Surely, the entire city was not
occupied by cowards? Even as he thought this he felt a wave of guilt. The
others had been victims, and they had been caught off guard and panicked. It
wasn't their fault they weren't as freakishly aggressive as he was.

"You can now do what needs to be done under the most dire of circumstances.
You have always been a fighter. This is a natural step in your progress,
albeit a premature one."

"Merlin, there's nothing natural about this. I killed… dozens of people. How
does that make me any better than those soldiers? I'm-"

"*Silencio!*"

Harry was hit with the silencing charm and struck mute. He blinked confusedly
for a moment and then angrily threw his pillow at Snape, who tossed it aside
easily.

"As *fascinating* as it is to listen to your maudlin, teenage angst, I am
trying to impart some worldly wisdom right now and have only so much time.
Once we're through, my godchildren are outside and will be more than happy to
point out the obvious flaws in your demented logic."

The Gryffindor glared angrily at him, and mentally estimated the possibility
of getting away with flipping the bird at the man.

"I'm glad we understand each other. As I was saying, this paradigm shift in
your personality is to your benefit, but there are always some inherent
dangers with the removal of a psychological restraint. You will need to
develop *self *restraint, to discipline yourself so that you may function
within society and maintain your sanity. If you fail to do so, then what you
fear will come true. You will, indeed, become 'evil'. *Finite incantatem.*"

"You. Are. A. Jerk," Harry stated, as soon as he was released.

"Well, I am pleased that your boundless conceit has prevented your mental
development to the point were you feel the need to debate endlessly on the
concepts of good and evil. I'm going back to France now. If you feel the urge
to invade Italy while I am gone, please run it by the Dark Lord first."

"Yes, because *there's* the epitome of self-restraint and moral fiber."

Snape smirked.

"Touché. The Malfoys have agreed to look after you for the remainder of the
week. Your condition is not serious, and with Lucius' position, he will be
able to keep you apprised of the situation. Otherwise, I recommend avoiding
him as much as possible."

Anger bloomed inside of Harry at the mention of Lucius Malfoy, and it must
have shown because Snape paused at the door and then added.

"I am aware of the situation with Hermione, and I will deal with it when I
return. Do not complicate matters by provoking him or attempting to solve it
yourself. Even with your change in status, you are not in any position to
confront him head on. He is a master of his own game."

Harry nodded, even though the concession felt bitter. He would try not to…
provoke the Malfoy patriarch, but that didn't mean he wasn't going to search
for a solution with Hermione. Snape might care about Hermione's wellbeing, but
he was also Lucius' friend, and he didn't want to risk being caught unprepared
if the man's method of dealing with the betrothal were less than satisfactory.

"Say 'hi' to Ira for me."

"Mr. Potter, I have every intention of forgetting I ever saw you today as soon
as I walk out that door," the man said pointedly, smirked, and left.

"And here I thought married life might have improved him some how," he
muttered under his breath.

A few minutes later, just as he was starting to feel strong enough to try
taking a shower on his own, he received a second set of visitors. Hermione
appeared at the door, a tentative smile on her face that grew when he smiled
back at her. Draco strode in as she was giving him a hug and grimaced.

"Eh. Stop that, Hermione. You'll get all wet," he grumbled, taking in Harry's
sweat soaked form.

"Draco!"

"He's right, Hermione, I'm totally gross right now. I was about to take a
shower."

"You'll stay in bed until the healers say otherwise! You're weak as a kitten
and shaking like a leaf!"

*Thanks, Hermione. Emasculation much?*

"It's just the fever breaking," he insisted. "I'm fine. Well, except for the
hands. I don't know what gives with those."

He lifted his bandaged hands and wiggled his fingers at her, trying to make
her laugh but she just looked at them sadly. Draco found his pillow on the
floor and tossed it back to Harry.

"Fighting with Uncle Severus, again?"

"Fighting implies some sort of retaliation. He's a bully picking on little
ol'me."

Draco snorted. "Yeah, pull the other one."

"Are you alright, Harry?" she asked, staring earnestly into his eyes as if she
were a legilimens. He smiled back, and while it was weak it wasn't entirely
fake.

"I really am okay. I'm not going to go crazy or anything. It wasn't the same
as the last time."

And wasn't it sad that he had been through several similar experiences before?
Hermione seemed to think so if her expression was anything to go by. Draco,
however, was oblivious.

"Definitely not like last time, I hope. You totally wiped the floor with them.
It was in all of the papers, and even father and mother wouldn't stop talking
about it. You're like…the greatest wizard of the generation! Do you have any
idea how depressed that makes me?"

Harry laughed. They talked a bit more about York, skimming over it lightly,
refusing to delve into the darker aspects of what he had seen and done, in
favor of discussing what had happened after Kinglsey had apparated him to
safety, and his subsequent collapse.

Hermione and Draco were not fully informed of all the consequences of Harry's
actions and much of it would likely have to discuss with either Lucius or
Voldemort or Morgan, but they were fairly up to date on public reaction. There
was of course the grief over the partial destruction of York, particularly the
hospital which was seen as the greatest tragedy of the entire event as most of
those inside had been unable to escape the building's collapse. There were
over two hundred dead, more than 2/3 the total fatalities, and it would be
weeks before all the bodies were recovered.

It could have been much worse if Harry hadn't been there, however, and already
the city was hailing him as a savior and rest of the nation was following
suit. The press were having a field day spouting stories left and right based
on what very little information they could gather so shortly after the battle,
and Harry was always the hero of the day, albeit wavering between a dark lord
and a white knight depending on which paper was read. Some of the papers had
even claimed Harry had been killed or critically injured in battle, and that
the Court was trying to cover it up. There were several departments in Bristol
flooded with inquiries and howlers demanding information on where he was and
what had happened to him. It was unlikely he would be able to walk out in
public for a while without being mobbed.

Not that he would be walking much. His collapse after the battle in York was
the result of shock, the result of his unnaturally rapid fluctuation in magic
that left his nervous and immune system shot to pieces. The healers had
treated what they could and left him to sleep off the rest. They were certain
there would be no long lasting side affects, but they didn't want him exposing
himself to large crowds for at least a week while he was vulnerable to further
infection.

The burns on his hands were another matter altogether. They were saturated
with magic, but traditional measures had been unsuccessful in draining it from
his wounds. The healers had given up on it when it became apparent that
tampering with them only worsened his condition, and they finally just
bandaged them and let them be.

It was going to make letter writing a misery, Harry lamented. He was going to
have to write to friends and family to let them know he was okay regardless,
especially if newspapers were trying to pass him off as dead. Sirius and
Remus, of course, the twins and Ginny, Natalie, Hagrid (he hoped his friend
had gotten out before the fighting), the Reichers, Clyde, maybe a few others.
He would have to make a press appearance now too, of course, although he
didn't know what he was going to say and resented that he was going to have to
explain himself. Why didn't anyone else have to explain? He would have liked
and explanation himself of why the other witches and wizards hadn't tried to
defend themselves. Snape's interpretation wasn't going to cut it.

"Mother is talking with the healers right now about getting you out of here,"
Draco said. "With all the craziness out there, it's only a matter of time
before someone leaks your whereabouts to the press. I'll go see if she's made
any progress."

Once alone, the two remaining Gryffindors fell into an awkward silence.

"Er…so… I heard about the… thing… with that Crouch guy…" Harry started
awkwardly. He considered offering to kill the man, but that joke probably
wasn't in good taste at the moment. She might think he was serious.

"Don't worry about that, right now. It will hold for a while."

"Have you told Draco about your plan to get emancipated, yet?"

"No, I wasn't…" she paused, considering what he just said and then rolled her
eyes. "Oh, I'm so stupid."

"If that's the case there's not much hope for the rest of us."

"I didn't even think about… He'd really side with me on this now, wouldn't
he?"

Harry smiled at her. "Yes, he would. So would Snape, maybe, sort of. If he
thought he can get away with it, which you know he might be able to do. He's
quite clever in an amoral sort of way."

She shook her head.

"I don't want to involve him if I can help it. He just got married, and
promoted, and wants to start a family… now's really not the time to get on
Lucius' bad side. Just, don't worry about it right now, Harry. We've got time
to figure something out later. You just need to worry about getting better and
making it through the week."

This was true enough. He didn't know if he could handle Hermione's drama on
top of his own at the moment, and she looked as if she could use the
distraction his own ill fortune had brought. She looked tired, although she
was trying valiantly not to show it. Her eyes were red, and her hands were
cool where she touched him… or maybe that was just his fever.

She was still beautiful, however. Tall, proud, and righteous in a manner that
was simultaneously grating and comforting, she was certain of herself in ways
he never had been. She thought in facts, and facts alone were not necessarily
good or evil, but they could be transfigured into such after some mysterious
arithmetic equation was performed on them. He thought in feelings, and that
was unfortunate because he was horrible with feelings, his and everyone
else's. He had done incredible things driven on anger, terror, hope, love, and
madness, but the quieter feelings were where he had trouble. Guilt, pride,
curiosity, affection, depression… these things led him to strange places and
he was often lost on what to do with them. He didn't trust them and he didn't
trust himself.

"Hey, Hermione," he said after a moment, uncertain of his question and if it
should be spoken or buried.

"Yes, Harry?"

"Do you think…"

He paused to moisten his lips, his mouth felt suddenly dry.

"Do you think what happened in York… was it okay to do what I did?"

"What do you mean?"

"I killed people."

She flinched. Not a good sign.

"I killed a lot of people," he continued. "Over thirty. Intentionally. I think
I would have done it again too, only quicker… Might have been able to save the
hospital then."

"Harry…"

"But I know it's wrong. To kill people. It sounds really obvious, but it isn't
sometimes. I know you're not supposed to want people dead even if you hate
them, and I really did…do hate them. They killed all those people for no
reason and were going to kill more, and they were just sheep, just like Snape
said. They just ran around like stupid sheep waiting to get cut down and I was
the only one doing anything and I don't know *why*. Why didn't they defend
themselves? Why'd I have to do it? I'm not even sixteen yet and I *killed* all
those aurors, because they were too goddamn scared or stupid or *something*
and I hate them for it too. But I didn't what them to die. But I did want
those aurors to and I don't understand the difference, but there is one or at
least I think there's one, but I don't know what it is. Maybe Snape was wrong
and I really am crazy and I can't tell what's real anymore. God, Merlin,
Jesus… it should be so obvious, but I don't get it at all."

She was hugging him again, like he knew she would, and it was as wet and gross
as the first time, but he was happy too. You didn't hug a crazy person. You
avoided touching them like their insanity was contagious, and talked
soothingly to them at a safe distance across the room.

"You didn't do anything wrong," she insisted, holding him tightly as if he
were physically about ready to fall to pieces. "I don't know why they didn't
fight back themselves. There was probably some sort of group psychosis or
something. I bet I could find entire books on the subject. Maybe some of them
did fight back and you just never really saw them. You did the right thing
though. You were brave and strong, and you did the *right* thing. I'm proud of
you."

And that's all he really needed to hear.

---

Bobby made it a point to hide when Voldemort walked into the aviary. This was
not cowardice on his part, but at a rather childish act of rebellion. If the
Dark Lord wanted his company he would have to work for it. He sat amongst the
shadows of the vegetation and watched as the man-like creature entered and
pulled from his sleeve what appeared to be folded pieces of paper. Within
moments the folded paper suddenly started to fly, not like the charmed
parchments that float around the Court offices but like real birds, flapping
their wings and diving this way and that around the aviary.

He counted six of them, but there may have been five or seven, it was hard to
count with them moving about so quickly. Curiosity got the better of him, and
he sailed through the tiny flock to get a better look. They moved out of his
way, then circled as if curious themselves. This close he could see they truly
were paper and they had no eyes, even though he could sense they *saw*
somehow.

He can also see that several of them were stained with blood.

"What are they?" he found himself asking, despite his initial conviction to
ignore the wizard. He sensed the magic around them, and it was familiar and
yet not. He knew they are not of the Dark Lord's design. It only took him half
a minute to figure out who they belong to and it filled him with an
unspeakable dread.

"Surely you recognize them?" the Dark Lord said, smug at having drawn his
captive in so easily. "Admittedly, they are not quite the same as Carrigan's
animus\[^116-1], but the similarities are there. Very organic movements, pseudo-
conscious behavior, unusually curious and friendly towards people… when
they're not tearing them to pieces. I think our old teacher would have been
quite impressed. Harry's magical development is far more advanced than I
realized."

Bobby said nothing, turning back to watch the birds, fixating now on the blood
splattered across their white and text-dappled bodies. He did not like the
implications.

"Did you see it yourself? When you started following our young friend's
magical career? Raecellos is a god after all, and he must have whispered
things to you."

The raven had known of course. He had learned of Harry's existence within days
of his entrance into Hogwarts and his first encounter with the Dark Lord, and
he had listened closely until he felt the time was right to approach him.
Since then he had been privy to many of the boy's magical acts that Voldemort
had not been, and he felt a sort of pleasure that was simultaneously proud and
vindictive at knowing more of Harry than his would-be mentor. He had also
known an absurd amount of jealousy over the fact the young Gryffindor was
still closer to the dark wizard.

"Or did he remind you of Carrigan, I wonder?"

Bobby stiffened.

"He must have reminded Brennan, for the man to teach him that spell. Perhaps
the two of you even conspired on it."

This false assumption should have relieved the raven somewhat, but instead he
felt a swelling anger. He had never been particularly close to Brennan, but
the man had been a loyal student and had carried on their master's teachings
as best he could. His murder was not something he would forget or forgive, and
evidence of Harry's possible corruption flitting overhead was already fraying
at his last nerve.

"It is a pity. If Carrigan had half the killer's instinct Harry does, perhaps
he would have lived long enough to see it himself."

Even as Bobby transfigured, he knew what he was doing was stupid. It was
magically wasteful, pointless, and exactly what the bastard wanted. It didn't
stop him from smashing his fist into the Dark Lord's face and feel a bone deep
satisfaction as it connected. Voldemort stumbled, and Bobby hit again, this
time with the other fist, knocking his enemy to the floor. The third and
fourth punch contacted as well, and for one savagely happy moment the raven
thought he might just be able to kill him. He was not a heavily built man, but
his lean arms were pure muscle from endless flights around the world even
after months spent in captivity, and he had seen humans capable of smashing
another's skull to pieces if properly motivated.

He felt motivated enough to smash an ogre to pieces.

The Dark Lord, however, wasn't an ogre. He was far worse.

Bobby's fifth attempted blow was halted by Voldemort's hand catching his fist,
mid-swing, and he pulled the transfigured raven downward as he surged up,
smashing his forehead into the other's. Bobby fell back, stunned, and the Dark
Lord followed the movement until he had him pinned beneath him. Instantly, the
dark wizard's hands were wrapped tightly around his throat.

Voldemort, his mouth and nose smeared with blood, looked down on him in
obvious surprise. Bobby took the opportunity to spit in his face.

"You fucking monster," he snarls in ways he can't as a raven. "You fucking
*stupid* monster. You can't just repeat history you have to mutate it into
something as twisted and deformed as you are! He could have been Carrigan! He
could have been every god damn thing that made him *remarkable*, but you had
to ruin it! I hope he kills you! I hope he takes these stupid birds and cuts
you into a bloody fucking pulp!"

Voldemort held the strength of ten men when he put his mind to it. It was not
a spell so much as a byproduct of the magical tampering he'd done on his no-
longer-human body, and it takes very little effort to hold Bobby down, even
with his fists and legs smashing at him with every intention of causing harm.
It would have taken even less to crush his captive's neck in his hand for both
the insult and the injury he'd attempted.

He could taste his own blood in his mouth, and it tasted more like phosphorous
than copper. He should be enraged, but instead all he feels is enthralled. A
similar scene flashed back in his memory of his murder of Tom and the
subsequent consumption of magic poisoned flesh, but the imagery was more
ironic than anything.

He felt less inclined to kill Bobby than ever before.

"Well, aren't you just full of surprises?" he said between shaking breaths. "I
didn't know you could do this without our master's help. A reverse animagus.
How deliciously clever. Is this how you looked before you died or is his face
the only human face you can hold clearly in your head\[^116-2]?"

The man that struggled beneath him was far younger than Voldemort had ever had
the opportunity to see Carrigan in life, but it was clearly recognizable as
his old mentor. In his thirties with thick, wavy brown hair, sharp blue-green
eyes, and a strong jaw that belied his smaller frame; he was noticeably
handsome. Or would have been if he weren't baring his teeth like a mad dog.

"Go ahead and rage," he laughed. "Blame me for all the ills and woes of this
world if it makes you feel better, but you said it yourself last time.
Carrigan believed I was worth risking his life for. Remarkable as he was, and
yes even I will admit that, he knew I was more suited for this world than he
ever would be. That my will and my power would bring our kind back to our
magical roots as all his kindness and his craft never could. And Harry, kind,
*remarkable*, and angry child that he is, will be his legacy and his
evolution, a perfect blend of spirit and strength, compassion and violence. A
blend of the best of both of us, a metaphorical son. In this brave new world,
he will thrive."

Beneath him Bobby's struggles took on a new violence as he began aiming his
blows at joints and unprotected flesh and any vulnerable place he could reach.

"I'll *kill* you! *I'll kill you, I'll kill you!*"

And Voldemort just laughed, because he's had a victory and until this moment
he'd had no one to gloat to over it. He felt as if he had defeated destiny,
wrestled it down so that he could take all that he desired from it and thrown
the rest away.

"It wouldn't make the slightest bit of difference."

He isn't alone, and he knows he should be. Men at his level of power were
always alone, but no man had ever had the love of the Earth as he did. He was
gifted. He was blessed. Harry was bound to him now, irrevocably, their mutual
strength would ensure they could never be free of the other, could never
ignore or forget or put aside. Who else could possibly understand the violent
grandness of their existence like they did?

No one could take this away from him.

---

It didn't take long for Narcissa to negotiate for Harry's release from the
hospital, and within a few hours of waking he was showered, changed, lectured
extensively about taking care of himself and watching out for medical
complications, and checked out. They made a brief stop at the cottage, and
while Mrs. Morgan entertained Lady Malfoy, Harry, Draco, and Hermione quickly
gathered his things from his room. Forty minutes later he was standing in the
parlor of Malfoy Manor, ready to sleep for another two days and wondering what
to do with himself.

It would have been a simple enough matter of asking Hermione or Draco, but
both had been sent away so that he was left alone with family matriarch, a
woman he knew only in passing. She seemed in no hurry to start the
conversation either, and studied him quietly for some time in complete
silence. It was uncomfortable, but he didn't fidget. He had lessons on not
doing so, and here was the moment they would prove their worth.

Eventually, her visual assessment was completed, and she smiled pleasantly.

"I can see now why our Lord is so fond of you. I admit I didn't understand it
at first, but you really aren't afraid of anything, are you?"

"If I were," he said, "I would at least know better than to tell you so."

"Ha! You're going to make my husband's hair turn gray," she said, amused and
snapped her fingers. Immediately, a house elf appeared and bowed so low its
large ears brushed the floor. "Tell my husband Mr. Potter is here."

"Yes, Mistress!" it said obediently, and disappeared again.

She turned back to her guest.

"The house elves are at your disposal. Use them as you see fit. When you're
done here, they will take you to your room to rest if you would like or
anywhere else to your preference. Dinner is at seven. I hope you'll enjoy your
stay with us."

With that, she swept from the room in with royal grace, leaving Harry more
than a little confused on whether their encounter had gone well or not.

He was not allowed to ponder the matter for long, as moments later, Lord
Malfoy swung open the door and stepped inside. He was as sinister as ever with
his black uniform and cold, hawk-like gaze. Harry was struck by a surge of
hatred for the man, and wondered very quickly what his chances were of killing
him in a duel. He knew himself to be the more powerful of the two (he might be
sheltered or even deluded but he suspected his involvement with pagan magic
had left him among the magically strongest in the world next to Voldemort and
Dumbledore), but he also knew the other man was far more experienced, and
technique more than strength was what won duels.

His thoughts on the matter were cut short when a familiar figure followed
Malfoy into the parlor.

"Robert?"

The man froze, his eyes widened, and then he seemed to fight with himself to
either smile or shout.

"Harry! You're okay!" he said, and surged forward to take his hand, as if
confirming he wasn't a ghost. "We've all been terribly worried about you. The
girls have been frantic!"

"I just got out of the hospital a little while ago, but I'm quite alright.
Robert, what are you doing here?"

The lawyer's expression tightened, and he glanced nervously back at Lucius.

"I…"

"Mr. Reicher is currently in my employ," the aristocrat volunteered, smugly.
"He just came by to pick up some paperwork to change Hermione's official birth
date. Lots of paperwork and legalese to wade through with her betrothal, after
all. You've heard of her impending nuptials? I do hope you will be able to
attend. As her *best* friend, we'd welcome you as family."

Robert suddenly went pale\[^116-3]. Harry himself couldn't stop himself from
suddenly pulling his hand free, his eyes revealing the betrayal he felt.
Robert opened his mouth, to explain or to deny, but was interrupted yet again
by Lucius.

"Why don't you go to my office and get the paperwork yourself? It's in the red
file on top of my desk. I would like to speak with Harry for a little while."

"Of course, Mr. Malfoy," he said, and moved to the door, casting apologetic
glances at his young friend as he went.

Once alone, Lucius moved closer, and Harry nearly backed away, but caught
himself. The man stared down at him, his smugness made demeaning by his
considerable height advantage. His body wanted to retreat a safe distance,
overwhelmed by an instinct of an impending attack, but Harry held his ground
and stared up at the other, hoping to convey with his eyes alone what would
happen if he moved any closer.

"My what a look. If one didn't know any better, they might think you wanted to
kill me. In my very own home no less."

"Perish the thought."

The man's smile only broadened.

"You truly are not afraid of me, are you? Not even here, where all the magic
of my ancestor's is at my fingertips."

"I have delved into the magic of *gods*, Lord Malfoy. Your ancestors mean
nothing to me."

Lucius' smiled faded just a little and he took a more respectful step
backwards, and adopted an impressed expression that Harry didn't believe for a
moment.

"I would call you a fool not to appreciate the power within these walls, if I
had not seen for myself how little it must truly mean to you. I saw what you
did in York. If you were a member of the British military, you would hold the
record for the most enemy killed in a single battle during this war so far.
You must be very proud of your achievement."

Harry couldn't stop the involuntary grimace, even knowing the words were
designed to hurt him… or maybe not hurt him. Perhaps he truly believed his
attacks had been worthy of praise. The Malfoy patriarch would likely have been
gloating if he had achieved a similar feat.

"In fact, there's been a movement within the ranks to award you a Merlin's
Medal of Valor. The *highest* honor that can be awarded, but again, it's only
awarded to members of the military. I don't suppose you have any ambition to
join?"

"And have you as my boss? No thank you," he said, pointedly. He didn't give a
damn about medals.

"It would be no worse than having Severus as your guardian. We are both men of
ambition, beholden to the same master. Besides, we have been allies in the
past."

He was referring to the time Harry willingly informed him of Headmistress
Lestrange's illegal attempt to legilimens him and made an alliance to
blackmail her so that she would never try again. That had been years ago,
however. Lestrange was gone, and that alliance had dissolved without mention
with her disappearance.

"That was before you lobbed my best friend off onto Crouch, and used another
personal friend to help you do it. I don't believe for a second that your use
of Robert Reicher was in any way coincidental."

Lucius tilted his head in acknowledgment.

"I admit his association with you was what brought him to my attention. There
are few you are attached to and of those, half are beyond my reach. At the
same time, the other half is readily available to me. To help or to… harm as I
see fit."

"So what, this is all just some big, power play?"

"Exactly."

"What's the point? What are you punishing me for, Lord Malfoy? Why drag
Hermione into it?"

Lucius chuckled, and walked across the room to the liquor cabinet.

"Do not let your newly explored power delude you. Hermione's marriage has
nothing to do with you. It is a private matter between us. Nor am I
*punishing* you. I am merely making a point. In case you've missed it, I'll
spell it out. Your friends and acquaintances are vulnerable to me. You may
think yourself very powerful, but standing here before me do you believe there
is anything you could do to stop me if I decided to oh, I don't know… have Mr.
Reicher investigated for tax fraud? Remove Severus from his position as
headmaster? Bankrupt the Weasley twins business venture before it even
started?"

Harry could say nothing to that. He had no idea what Malfoy Sr. could or could
not do, but many considered him the most powerful man in Britain after the
Dark Lord. There was no doubt that he would do such petty things if he
believed it was to his advantage, regardless of whom or how badly he hurt
others in the process.

Lucius appeared pleased by his silence, taking it for acknowledgment. He took
two glasses from the liquor cabinet and poured some brandy into each, then
joined his guest back in the center of the room and handed one over to him.
Harry accepted the glass reflexively, although once he had it, he wasn't
certain what to do with it. Alcohol was not new to him, but nor was it
familiar.

"I don't want you to take this the wrong way, Harry. I have no intention of
making you my enemy. You have a great deal of potential, but at the moment it
is unrefined. Your magic is great, no one doubts it, but until you know when
and how to use it to its greatest effect, it is little more than the tool of a
brute trying to smash his way to desired ends. Meanwhile, your level of
celebrity grows and you neglect to utilize it properly. So many missed
opportunities, and I am sure you never even realized when they passed."

"So you're trying to threaten me into reaching my full potential? Offer your
hand and bear your teeth at the same time? If this is your 'level of play' I
want nothing to do with it." He set his drink down on a nearby table and made
for the door, knowing if he stayed much longer there was going to be a real
fight and nothing good would come from it. He wanted nothing to do with this
man, and the sooner he could get Hermione free of him the better. What he said
next, however, froze him in his tracts.

"Not even to save your precious little mudblood?"

The derogatory term was almost enough to have him spinning around and sending
a curse at the aristocrat, but it was the implication of all his words
together that stayed his hand. Very slowly he turned back around.

"I understand that you cannot accept my offer as things stand," Lucius said.
"You have that ridiculous unspoken code of a Gryffindor to put your *friends*
before yourselves, and you hold closer to it than most. You can't accept
anything I have to offer until I release your dear friend from her undesired
nuptials. Am I correct?"

Cautiously, Harry nodded. He had an idea where this was going, and while he
didn't want to follow along he had to at least listen.

"In the spirit of cooperation, I am willing to make a compromise with you. I
will release her from her obligation, disinherit her completely if that is to
your preference, and call off the marriage, if you will agree to be heir to my
military career, to be obedient and respectful to me as you would your own
father, and carry on my legacy after my death."

Harry stared at him blankly for a long moment, trying to process what was
being said to him.

"Draco-"

Lucius broke in.

"-Is heir to the Malfoy family legacy. The estates, the ancestry, the titles,
and responsibilities. I have no intention of allowing him to pursue a military
career and risk his life in the field. His obligation is to uphold our family
name by marrying well and siring the next generation."

"And I am little just cannon fodder."

"Yes, and judging by your past behavior, you seem to agree. Severus laments on
the matter often enough."

Touché.

"Why would I risk putting myself under your command? Why would you even want
me there? We have never gotten along."

Lucius snorted.

"Gryffindors. As if I needed to be your *friend* to understand your value. You
hold a position of respect with the Dark Lord, you are popular with the
proletariat and the aristocracy alike, and you have a knack for battle. My
position is not so secure that I can risk missing opportunities, nor allow
potential threats to go unsupervised. At the same time, while I can take
advantage, I can not destroy the protection these things provide you. Our
Master would not allow it."

"What makes you think Voldemort would even allow me to join the military? I am
not his heir, but that doesn't mean he likes me getting into trouble all of
the time."

*Although, he probably thought it was pretty damn funny by now.*

Lucius wasn't deterred, and if anything seemed more confident knowing that
Harry was taking his words into consideration. He moved towards his prey,
picking up the Gryffindor's abandoned glass as he went and handing it back to
him. Harry reluctantly took it.

"We've discussed it on occasion. He believed it was too early to determine if
you would be suited to this sort of career, but after what happened in York I
doubt it will take much to convince him. Think of it merely as a transition,
maturation from Severus' rough tutelage of a school boy to my own instruction
of a young man. You need more than he can now provide, and the Dark Lord's
mentorship is sporadic at best."

Harry was starting to feel increasingly uncomfortable. He had never
entertained the possibility of joining the Sentinels or the Culties, despite
his strong inclination to protect his homeland and protect it, and he was
feeling trapped by the idea. He didn't want to have anything to do with it,
but nor could he ignore it.

"And you'll just let Hermione go? Scott free?" he asked skeptically, looking
for a way out.

"I wouldn't say Hermione would walk away from this untouched. After all, she
would have to live with the knowledge that her closest friend sold himself
into my service in order to rescue her. It is a far milder punishment, I think
than what Crouch has in store for her if you should choose to refuse, but-"

The glass in Lucius' hand suddenly burst, startling him from his dialogue.
Most of the glass fell to the floor, along with the amber liquid it had been
holding, but tiny shards had splintered and imbedded themselves into his hand.
He looked down stunned as tiny rivulets of blood welled up in his palm.
Looking up, he found Harry's toxic green eyes burning into him and felt a
momentary fear.

"If anything happens to Hermione, I will kill you *both*."

Fear was replaced by anger, and suddenly Lucius had his bleeding palm wrapped
around Harry's neck. Shards of glass dug deeper into his hand, but also into
his captive's throat, tearing away the veneer of confident hostility from his
youthful continence. Harry dropped his own glass, and clutched at Lucius' arm,
but his position was bad and he was weak from sickness.

"Don't even *think* to threaten me, little boy. I am not some random
schoolyard bully or plebian soldier on a broom. I will make you bleed in ways
that defy explanation."

He removed his hand, and Harry fell to his knees, coughing and sputtering. A
ring of blood and forming bruises curved around his neck where he had been
held. They stared at each other hatefully for several long seconds before
Lucius straightened.

"Think on what we have discussed here, Harry. It would be to your benefit.
Find me when you have made up your mind."

His message delivered, the Malfoy patriarch strode from the room, leaving the
recipient to decide for himself.

---

Harry did not see Malfoy Sr. after the scene in the parlor for several days
after, but the man's presence was inescapable within the manor. His portrait
hung in several hallways, sneering whenever he walked passed, and the house
elves went about their daily task in trembling fear of his brutal reprisal.
The very brick and mortar of the estate hummed his magic, and it grated on his
every nerve. Desperate to buck the memory of their last meeting, he turned to
Hermione to begin making plans for her emancipation, but she explained to him
bluntly why it would have to wait.

"This is Lucius' house. It is his eyes, his ears, and his will. Nothing but
our thoughts are private here," she said pointedly, as they made their way
down to breakfast the first morning of his stay. He did not like having to
wait. The Malfoy patriarch's offer cum threat was at the forefront of his
thoughts, and the longer it was left unchallenged the more insistent it
became.

Not that he had any intention of discussing Lucius offer with Hermione. As far
as he was concerned, it was a private matter that he would not burden her
with. Conceited, he acknowledged, but it was a decision he did not want her to
influence one way or the other. She had a sort of self-righteousness he didn't
want to crush, but he had lived through many decisions done for the right
reasons that turned out badly. He knew that 'right' decisions could not only
turn out badly but did not always absolve one of guilt either, regardless of
the morality behind it.

However, he was loathe to let the old dragon win. His Gryffindor side chaffed
at the idea of being frightened into servitude. The servitude itself made him
want to gag. If the Dark Lord had not managed it, there was no way he could
stomach one of his minions doing so.

For now, he had resolved not to accept the deal, but it still hovered in his
brain and would not be brushed aside no matter how much he tried to distract
himself. And there was much to distract himself with. Lady Malfoy, for all of
her faults (marrying Lucius being the biggest in his opinion), put forth a
genuine effort to keep him occupied.

He attended tutoring lessons with both Hermione and Draco (about the only time
he got to see the other boy who was still grounded for his 'outrageous'
behavior during the announcement of Hermione's betrothal), mingled at a garden
party, went horseback riding, was provided plenty of materials to sketch and
paint with, and was introduced to several important people he had never even
heard of at every meal and tea time she could squeeze into a day. There had
even been a brief interview with a handful of reporters on the third day of
his stay, long overdo in his estimation, but they had barely a half dozen
questions between them before Lady Malfoy was escorted them from the manor
again as if they were merely a horde of smelly children.

It made him very much want to be back in his own little cottage, holed up in
his bedroom studying animagi, tending the garden, or bickering with Snape over
breakfast. As much as he enjoyed Hermione's company, they were given little
time together and never left alone so they were left playing meaningless,
proprietary roles that left them feeling lonelier than ever. If that was what
it meant for him to accept Lucius' offer and adopt a life of shallow
relationships and frivolous pastimes, he was more resolved than ever to avoid
such a fate.

For nearly a week, he lived restlessly; going through the motions of a polite
house guest during the day and struggling to sleep at night. His dreams were
short, and his awakenings violent. He had been offered sleeping draughts, but
he didn't trust his hosts enough to take any. He was irritable, but left
little opportunity to express it, and the thought of all the other things he
wanted to be doing at the moment only served to aggravate him more. He was
ready to strangle Lady Malfoy and her menagerie of politicians and socialites
when the Dark Lord finally arrived.

Harry was in the parlor reading a book on animancy (he had been asked several
times by visitors about his peculiar bird spell and had found himself
embarrassingly inadequate at explaining it in the academic terminology they
seemed to expect), having successfully managed to beg off a meeting with the
Court Minister of Education's wife and some well-to-do land owner from Wales.
Hermione was also studying, but in her own room (now that she was affianced,
they weren't allowed to be alone together for an extended amount of time), and
Draco was at a fencing lesson. The Dark Lord walked straight into the room
with two very terrified house elves floundering after him

"Please, Sirs…" one of them tried, but then couldn't seem to force out
whatever it was trying to ask. The second one was even more useless, running
in circles and occasionally stopping to bang its head into a door frame.
Luckily Harry had given up his studying or else it would have been very
distracting.

"Thank Merlin you're here," Harry burst out, jumping to his feet. "I'm bored
out of my mind!"

Voldemort looked pleased by this reception, although a little taken back.

"It's good to know I offer you some form of entertainment value," he greeted,
smirking. "Has the esteemed Lady Malfoy not been keeping you busy? Most unlike
her."

"Busy, yes, but shaking hands and smiling vapidly at people who think they're
so terrible important and clever is not my idea of fun. At least living with
Snape, the conversations were brief and mildly dangerous. These other people
are just tedious. I don't know how you put up with them!"

The Dark Lord was even more amused then before. He had been somewhat worried
that he would find Harry in a depressed slump, like he had been during his
recovery after the Battle of Berlin. Instead he found him lively, albeit
agitated, and eager to engage in a rather colorful rant.

"I don't. People learn to speak very briefly, very plainly, and as little as
possible when they reach a point where they must interact with me. If I
weren't so terribly impressive I should think I would be extremely unpopular,"
he said, immodestly, and with a touch of irony. Harry, caught in his own
annoyance, barely heard him.

"And Draco's grounded and they won't leave me alone with Hermione, so we can't
talk or do anything interesting. You heard about Hermione's betrothal?"

The way he said 'betrothal' made Voldemort feel as if he were being accused of
something, which was delightfully novel. Most people just assumed he was
guilty and didn't bother (or dare) accuse him of anything.

"Lucius informed me, yes. I'm assuming it's a scheme of his. The union makes
no sense otherwise."

Harry looked at him intently, as if weighing his options.

"I don't agree with it," he said. "It's bad for Hermione. It's just petty
revenge."

Voldemort wasn't the least bit surprised.

"And you want me to put a stop to it?"

His protégé hesitated. Good. It wouldn't do for the young man to develop brat-
like tendencies and assume he was going to give him whatever he asked for. He
hadn't yet, and had no intention of starting.

"I don't know what I could give you to do so. I don't know if it would be any
better than what Lord Malfoy asked for."

"Aaahhh… so you've tried making bargains with Lucius? You really are getting
deep into the game," he said, and took a chair. He turned to the two house
elves who were now fidgeting helplessly in place. "Inform Lady Malfoy of my
arrival. I will require privacy and a room of my own for the night. Go."

They seemed happy enough to go and *do* something, and disappeared quickly,
leaving them alone. Once they were gone, Voldemort muttered another spell. The
room *shifted*, or so it seemed, though nothing moved and Harry felt a
momentarily motion sickness, like ascending too quickly on a broom.

"What was that?" he muttered, and found a chair before he fell over.

"A privacy spell. A very powerful one. There useful in these old family
estates, particularly, when you wish to discuss something you don't want the
head of the family to know about. Tell me about your bargain with Lucius? What
did you offer?"

Harry wanted to ask more about the spell, which if he could learn he might be
able to speak with Hermione more openly, but it would have to wait.

"I didn't offer him anything. He came up with the deal. He said if I joined
the Culties after I graduate and worked under him, he'd let Hermione out of
the betrothal."

Voldemort nodded. "A fair enough deal. It is not as if you would not benefit
from his patronage. There is much he could teach you that I can not."

Anger and helplessness flitted across the young man's face, and a touch of
betrayal just to keep things interesting. He hoped Harry never learned to hide
his emotions as effectively as his other Slytherins had, it was much too
fascinating to watch even if it did take away some of the challenge.

"You think I should take the deal," his protégé said, without question.

"I could not care less one way or another. I am more interested in how you
handle Lucius than on how Lucius handles you. There is nothing here I cannot
undo if I eventually find it's displeasing to me."

"Even Hermione's betrothal?" he asked, leaping from hopeless to hopeful
instantly.

"I could care less about your Hermione as well. She is your ally and thus your
responsibility. I have no intention of meddling in my most trusted general's
familial affairs on her behalf. And before you ask, there is nothing I want
from you at this moment that would make it worth my while to do so."

Harry looked down, and ran his hands through his hair, neither hopeless nor
hopeful now, but weighted with the responsibility of it all. It was a cold
attitude to take, but not unfair or unexpected. The Gryffindor made no attempt
to argue the point.

Voldemort decided to grant him a small boon.

"I have no intention of helping you directly," he said, "I think this is too
good of an opportunity to test yourself in a battle of wits and wills against
a master player, but nor will I'll help Lucius. If you wish to speak to me on
the matter, you may do so in complete confidence and as long as you do not
stray from acceptable boundaries I will not interfere."

"… acceptable boundaries?"

"You cannot attempt to kill him. I am rather fond of him, and more importantly
Britain cannot afford to have her most talented general removed from the field
at this critical juncture. The same goes for Crouch."

Harry snorted and shook his head.

"Then you better hope I win, because I think they mean to hurt Hermione, and
if they do I am going to kill them both. I know I am capable of it now."

Had he a heart, Voldemort was certain, it might have clenched in that moment.
Not because of the words, they were only words and he heard men speak of
things both nobler and more tragic, but because of the tone. Firm and touched
with sorrow. Carrigan had spoken like that, and he tried to brush the thought
aside. He had visited Bobby recently, and in the course of his taunting, he
stirred up memories. He was simply being nostalgic.

Best of both them, he had told the raven. He hoped that was true.

"You must love this girl a great deal to make such a bloodthirsty promise," he
said idly to cover the discomfort of his own thoughts. Harry blushed.

"Not like that. She's like a sister to me. You know there's very little I
wouldn't do for family."

*Which was just fine so long as it remained that way*, Voldemort thought, pushing aside his melancholy in favor of pragmatics. He didn't mind Harry maintaining a friendship with a muggleborn, he knew she had plenty of useful attributes he could benefit from, but a romantic liaison was out of the question. If he saw such a thing developing, he'd marry the girl off himself. Yet another reason to monitor this game closely. It wouldn't do for either of them to get carried away in the highly emotional atmosphere.

"Then you have plenty of motivation to succeed. No doubt Severus will be of
some assistance, if you feel you can trust him. I would be cautious, however,
he will not be so emotionally adverse to you allying yourself to Lucius. I
believe he thinks you have grown beyond his ability to handle, and if he can
hand that responsibility off to his old friend and spare his goddaughter at
the same time, he may work to those ends regardless of your intentions.
Especially now, when he can benefit so heavily from being in Lucius' good
graces."

Harry remembered Malfoy Sr.'s threat against those close to him, among them
Snape, and Hermione's own insistence to keep her godfather uninvolved.

"Best to keep him out of the situation altogether if possible," he said,
mostly to himself. "He might figure something out on his own anyway. He's not
exactly happy about this either."

"Severus may believe his responsibilities as a godfather more important than
his friendship with Lucius. Ironic since it was that very friendship that had
Lucius allot that title to begin with. He's always been a bit fanatical in his
traditionalist views of family. Not that different from you I imagine in some
respects. It's probably a result of his lousy childhood. Or maybe he's just
tired of parents not raising their children properly before dumping them at
Hogwarts. Hard to say with that man."

Harry never thought of Snape as having a childhood. In his mind, Snape had
come fully formed from the dark abyss of ambiguous attitude that existed
between nightmares, cleverness, and the Room of Requirement on the seventh
floor of Hogwarts. Although, now that he did think of it, he couldn't imagine
it had been very good. The potions master did seem like the kind of person who
hadn't been hugged nearly enough growing up.

Alright, not something he really wanted to think about at the moment.

"You're staying the day?" he asked, switching rails. Now that he had discussed
Lucius' offer with someone else, and had been provided a certain level of
encouragement and support in his defiance of it, he was now ready to put it in
the back of his mind for a while. He had been obsessing on it for too long
already.

"I am. I wanted to see how you were doing, and make sure you were taking
proper care of yourself before I leave. I have to leave for Warsaw tomorrow."

Harry nodded.

"Negotiating with the Polish Minister of Magic?" he asked, tiredly, as if even
he were bored of that particularly song and dance.

"Negotiations are over. We're signing a treaty. The spread of the attacks in
England have given me the leverage to push my agenda there. The public is
sympathetic to us. They have no love for the Italians and their Catholic-
state. Their attempts to turn the conflict into a religious war and discard
the basic ethics of warfare by doing so are deeply offensive to them, and too
many others. The Germans were desperate when they allied themselves to them,
and it may prove to be their undoing."

"Good," Harry said sharply. Voldemort smiled at his vehemence. It was best not
to linger on it too long, however. His young friend was certainly harder than
he had been before, but he was not unflappable, and he didn't want to push him
into dark thoughts at the moment. He wanted to enjoy his stay and would prefer
that Harry did too. They had so few opportunities to see each other, and when
they did Harry was usually not in the best of conditions.

They talked a little more about the fight in Europe and the movement of
Britain's troops (he was calling back two battalions to secure England once
again) and his relations with Queen Ophelia. Harry had a general idea about
all of these things based off of what he had read in the paper, discussed with
various Court officials over the last few days, and his own experience, but
was eager to delve deeper, not just into immediate actions but what they would
mean in the future both during and after the fighting.

At least in one aspect, Harry had not changed. Hardened he might be, but a
warmonger he was not. He still looked forward to the end of the war more than
anything, and the chance to rebuild was his primary concern. Voldemort was
careful to avoid mentioning to him that it would like be many years, maybe
even decades, before the war was over and that the rebuilding may prove just
as violent in its own way. He was no fool; he knew his protégé would not
approve of his plans to install his own regime within Europe, uniting it into
one glorious empire.

Not yet, anyway. Once the truly serious fighting broke out and the nations
turned on each other like starved wolves, desperation for peace would trump
the abhorrence of its source. When the final pieces fell, history would look
back on him as the savior of Western Wizarding Civilization. Ha. Ha.

Eventually, however, Voldemort moved into a more pressing matter.

"Are you ready for tonight?" he asked.

Harry just looked at him. The Dark Lord sighed, fighting a smile.

"I had a feeling this would happen. Do you know what today is?"

"…Your birthday?"

"No."

"…Lord Malfoy's birthday?"

The battle against smiling was lost soon there after.

"It's nobody's birthday… that I know of, at least. It's not even a holiday."

"It did seem a little early for the solstice- oh! Oh, crap!"

"We really need to work on your language. You never used to swear before."

"Oh my Goddess, she's going to kill me. She's going to induce insanity and
make me eat poisonous spiders. I'll be torn apart by angry horses\[^116-4]."

"I would have gone with werewolves, but it's your fatalistic fantasy."

"Uuuugggg…" he moaned, and buried his head in his hands.

Voldemort laughed and climbed to his feet, pushing Harry up as well.

"Come on, we still have time. It's an hour until moonrise."

Over the next hour the Dark Lord exercised his sadistic love of authority by
ordering everyone in the estate around like they were servants, including Lady
Malfoy herself, who tolerated it with a resigned sort of good humor born of
familiarity with the man's eccentric behavior. Draco was just happy to be out
of his room, even if it was to participate in an hour's worth of Dark Lord
directed craziness, and dragged Hermione off with him to set up the
sacrificial altar in the back lawn. The estate's house elves busied themselves
gathering supplies, and Lady Malfoy evacuated the few wizarding staff and
house guests, skillfully implying it had to do with a top-secret meetings
between Lord Voldemort and foreign ambassadors (it really wouldn't do for them
to start spreading rumors about strange rituals performed in her home during
the full moon).

Meanwhile, Harry showered (as close to a ritual purification as he was going
to get on such short notice) and changed into a clean pair of pants, memorized
the short prayer Voldemort gave him (the man seemed awfully prepared for all
of this), and then followed him to the armory. The Malfoy armory was a truly
frightening collection of weapons spanning from contemporary to medieval;
Highland Claymores and Roman gladius, war hammers and quarterstaffs, halberds
and crossbows, lances, axes, shields and armor. He was mildly impressed when
upon closer inspection almost all of it appeared to have the Malfoy family
crest, in some form, imbedded into it. It would seem that the Malfoy family
had a history as warriors as well as refined aristocrats.

Out of all of it, Voldemort selected for them some of the few items that
didn't have the crests or any obvious significance to the family; a recurve
bow with arrows for Harry and a pair of hunting knives for himself. When all
was ready, they met with Lady Malfoy, Draco, and Hermione in the foyer.

"I am beholden to you, Narcissa. You keep your home in excellent order and
Harry might have found himself in a bad way if you did not," Voldemort said,
generously ignoring the wide-eyed look the hostess was giving them. The Dark
Lord did not look so strange, having merely discarded his outer robes which
was perfectly acceptable in a friend's home, but Harry only had his pants on
and in his half naked state his scars and markings and weapons made him look
like a heathen come to burn the house down and carry off the womenfolk.

"Yes, thank you. I'm sorry about springing this on you last second," Harry
said, with as much enthusiasm as he could muster. He could tell right at this
moment that the woman was questioning her sanity in letting him inside her
house, bizarre creature that he appeared to be. Draco and Hermione took his
strange appearance in turn; having grown used to it over the years, and were
even somewhat impressed with it.

"That is quite alright. Harry's a friend of the family," she said at last,
smiling tightly. "The Malfoys always take good care of their friends."

"…"

He quickly walked towards the door before he let her know exactly what he
thought of that statement. Voldemort followed at a more sedate place,
informing them that it was unlikely that either of them would be back until
late and that no one should wait up for them. Outside, the sun had just set
and the full moon still hung low in the sky. A horse was waiting, and they led
it along quietly towards the woodland a quarter of a mile from the Malfoy
estate. There were several acres of woodland at the southern side reserved for
hunting, although the sport was not currently fashionable, and they would make
use of it that night.

When they had not quite reached the forest, but were far enough from the manor
they stopped and faced each other. Voldemort drew his hunting knife.

"Are you ready?" he asked.

"Are you sure about this? Shouldn't I make the sacrifice first? What if
Greyback tries to take me again?"

"You are not so vulnerable to Greyback without the Du'on nadi. Even if he
tried, he would not be able to exert the same sort of control as before. Even
Rhiannon cannot make you do anything you do not truly wish to do, even if she
does lower your inhibitions and removes your fear of doing so. Conversely,
what self-control you do lose is part of your sacrifice to her, not merely
whatever creature falls to you. It is a matter of trust and a matter of lust,
passion without modesty or fear of consequence."

If anything, Harry looked more concerned than reassured by his words. He
placed a hand on the boy's shoulder.

"Trust me? You are under my protection tonight."

His protégé met his gaze uncertainly, but nodded and reached behind him. He
pulled out his wand from his back pocket and handed it the Dark Lord.
Voldemort stared at it, surprised. It was no small thing for a wizard to
willingly hand their wand to another, and no one had ever offered him theirs
without him prompting it first.

"It's not you I'm worried about. Just don't give it back to me until this is
all over. I might burn the entire place to the ground otherwise," he said,
smiling ruefully, and then handed over his glasses as well.

Once the he had carefully stored Harry's wand and glasses in an inner pocket,
he approached his protégé yet again. The young man was shivering now, his bare
flesh goose pimpled from the cool evening air. He placed his hand on Harry's
side to keep him from flinching away as he brought the tip of his blade to his
navel and very lightly drew it downward until slipped just below the hem of
his pants. Harry hissed but didn't flinch away, and after a moment the cut
began to well with blood.

For just a moment, the ward that rested on his lower abdomen became visible as
a series of ancient symbols in brilliant red ink, the meaning of which was
known only to the most powerful sect of Shinto priests. Just as quickly the
symbols faded, leaving only the thin line of blood.

Harry slid out of his grasp and fell backwards onto the ground, looking up at
the sky as if stunned. After a minute, he lifted his head to look at the Dark
Lord with a pair of faintly glowing green eyes.

"What a rush."

Voldemort tilted his head curiously.

"What did it feel like?"

"Like coming up to breath after being under water for a long time. Only
tingly."

He grinned up at the man hovering over him.

"Wanna try?"

"Another night perhaps," he offered. "Are you ready to hunt?"

Harry's reply was to jump to his feet and run towards the trees, quickly
disappearing. The Dark Lord quickly mounted his horse and gave chase. He
didn't have to go in far before he found Harry, now in a tree and looking out
into the shadows of the quickly darkening forest.

"There's a lot here to choose from," he said. The Dark Lord could make out
nothing in the oncoming gloom, but he believed him. "What should we hunt?"

"It is your choice. What do you think would please the Moon the most?"

"The most?" There was smirk that he could just *hear* there. "That would be
you. You would be most worthy prey, GodEater."

"I'm flattered," he said, adopting the same ironic tone, although he kept
track of Harry's hold on his bow.

"But I bet you taste awful."

Voldemort stifled a laugh so as not to scare away the game, and led his mount
deeper into the trees while Harry followed after. They passed the night as
neither of them had before. Both had known the role of hunter in their lives,
Harry amongst the werewolves and Voldemort amongst his Death Eaters, but never
with each other. Theirs was a dynamic that had no precedent, and yet formed
into a natural harmony the same way their magic had over time. They did not
speak and aside from a few basic hand gestures, required little else to
communicate their intentions.

With his superior night vision, Harry climbed the trees or scouted ahead in
search of prey, and once spotted, pointed it out to Voldemort who moved into
position as silently as possible (which was very silently after a few simple
spells on his horse) and then herded it back towards Harry, who would then
shoot at it when it came in range. They tried this maneuver three times,
adjusting their technique each attempt, before succeeded in killing a young
buck on the third try.

Successful at last, they gloated; each claiming themselves the better hunter
of the two, and Voldemort laughed until he cried when Harry narrated the
entire hunt in ballad form and sang it to the Moon. Already, the Dark Lord
knew Rhiannon was pleased with her wayward son, for nothing short of divine
inspiration could have created such song, no matter how nonsensical, so
promptly. Yet form still needed to be upheld, and they took their offering to
the altar that had been prepared and paid their respects in blood and prayer.

It was only a few hours until dawn, and though the night had been long and
they were both sweaty and covered in blood, neither felt like ending it. They
wandered the grounds, Harry running and climbing everywhere he could like a
mad child, tossing riddles and poetic madness back at his companion, as he
followed leisurely behind on horseback. It was only a few hours until dawn,
and the moon was hovering just above the horizon when they finally came to
rest at a large oak tree not far from the road leading to the front entrance
of the estate. The moon-maddened young wizard still had a bit of energy left,
and climbed part of the way up, slithering about like a snake or a faerie
might around each limb.

"This is a *wonderful* tree," he sighed, resting his cheek to the roughened
bark. "They used to make love under her and their children played amongst her
branches. The plague took them all and now they play amongst her roots, and
she loves them like a mother. Her name is Pasephola. She's scared of you."

"Dryads usually are," the Dark Lord agreed. "Tell her I mean no harm."

"Are you telling the truth? I've seen you take dryads captive before," he
pointed out, recalling in a distant foggy memory when he had been small and
still frightened of this man…devil… god.

"If you she stops seducing you, yes. I understand you're a teenager, but you
really should set standards somewhere closer to your own species, Harry."

"You're just jealous," he chuckled, but sat up so that his faced no longer
rested against the tree. He thought he heard a sigh if disappointment, but
maybe it was the wind.

From his vantage point, he suddenly caught sight of a light on the road. He
called down to Voldemort about it.

"It's probably Lucius," he said. "He must be returning home early so that he
can speak with me before I leave tomorrow."

An elegant black car passed by them on the way to the mansion, the beam of its
headlights falling short of their position in the oak tree.

"Do you think he saw us?"

"The moon is low and we are shaded beneath the tree. It is unlikely."

"Let's go give him a scare!"

"Shall I write that as your epitaph?"

Harry ignored him and jumped down from the tree, landing like a cat and
slinking off into the shadows. Voldemort shook his head, and moved his horse
towards the front entrance without attempting to conceal himself. It was best
if he reached Lucius before Harry, or else there really might be an accident.

He canceled the silencing charms he had placed on his horse for the hunt, so
that his general could hear him as he approached. Even without being subtle,
it wasn't until Lucius stepped out of his car that he noticed him and gave a
sudden start.

"My Lord?" he said, nervously, no double baffled and unnerved to see the man
riding alone in the darkness. Chances are he looked quite sinister, Voldemort
realized, trying not to be amused at the thought.

"Yes, Lucius?"

"Why are you out riding in the dark?" It was a somewhat impertinent question,
but he would let it slide because it was very late and his friend was likely
tired.

"Keeping Harry company," he explained.

"Harry?"

"Yes?"

Lucius spun around again to find a pair of glowing green eyes and a leering
grin standing a handful of inches from his face. He gave a frightened yelp and
stumbled backwards. If the car hadn't been to his back, he likely would have
stumbled into an undignified heap. His wand was in his hand a split instant
later, but Harry had already fallen to the ground, howling with laughter.

"Oh, you should have seen your face!"

The Malfoy patriarch stared down at the little demon who had dared to sneak up
on him, shocked and mortified and still a little shaken. Even from here he
could see the boy's naked limbs writhing about and his eyes glowing like
lanterns, making his rather inappropriate good humor unsettling. Suddenly, the
boy leaped to his feet, making him flinch back a second time before he caught
himself and straightened. It made no difference. Harry had already lost
interest in him.

"That was hilarious! I'm going to go scare Draco!"

Lucius could only watch helplessly as the little monster ran inside of his
home to track down and terrorize his son. While he was standing there,
Voldemort dismounted and came to stand beside him.

"Don't worry, he's harmless. Like a very happy, somewhat obnoxious drunk,"
Voldemort lied, easily. There was no point in trying to explain his protégé's
lunacy was both divine and potentially dangerous. "Come morning he won't even
remember any of this."

Lucius was aware of Harry's 'moon madness' of course. Draco had given him a
rather simple explanation of it and Severus had expounded upon it as a great
aggravation (which applied to just about everything when it came to his ward),
but neither had mentioned how… eerie it was.

"Is it always like that?" he found himself asking.

"No," Voldemort admitted, but didn't elaborate. "I hope he didn't frighten you
too badly. I'm told others find his appearance quite unnerving during the full
moon."

"No, of course not. He just… startled me."

"He does have a habit of doing that. It is fortunate you stayed your hand from
cursing him out of 'surprise'. I know you have a finely tuned killer's
instinct, and I should hate to have been forced to punish you for it."

Lucius was looking uncertain yet again. Good. The Dark Lord rarely had a need
to frighten his right-hand man, but this seemed as good a time as any to set
some boundaries that had not been so clearly laid before.

"Harry told me about your offer."

"… You object?"

"No, my friend, I do not, but I do not endorse it either. If you wish to play
this game with Harry, so be it, but understand I will not assist you and if it
becomes blatantly detrimental to either of you, I will call it off and settle
the matter as *I* see fit. Is that understood?"

Lucius nodded respectfully, although Voldemort could see his displeasure. He
must have believed he would side with him with moving Harry into the general's
sphere of influence, and that wasn't unreasonable. They had discussed the idea
of shifting the young Gryffindor into a military career after he graduated
Hogwarts, and he had been supportive of his man's interest in pursuing Harry's
company. Much of their talk about this had been waylaid after the traumatic
events in Germany and the discovery of Harry's potentially crippling anxiety
and stress issues, but with the display of confidence and skill at York no
doubt he thought Voldemort would once again be as receptive to the idea as he
had been before.

In a way he was, but more significantly, he thought allowing Harry find his
own path might be even more rewarding. He was coming to accept he could not
truly control where his protégé went in life, fate had its own plans for him,
but he could learn to appreciate the outcome as he had this night. The Mother
Goddess had not allowed anything to happen that he could not find benefit
from. Even Harry's infuriating reconstruction of his soul was something he was
slowly coming to acknowledge as beneficial.

He couldn't remember a day were he'd had as much fun as he had tonight. He
didn't know if such a day existed, or if it had, whether he had been whole
enough to treasure it properly.

He was roused from his thoughts, by a blood curdling scream issuing from
inside the mansion.

"It would seem Harry found Draco," he noted idly, trying not to smile as
Lucius' darkening expression.

Oh, yes, this was definitely a night to treasure.

.

~ Author's Note~

An 'animus' is the product of animancy. In this case, the paper birds are the
animus, but there are wide variety of different animus that can be created
through different animancy spells and applications.

Carrigan and Bobby look very much alike. They may or may not be twins, I
haven't decided. It's not really relevant to the plot either way. For those
who forgot, yes I did mention that Bobby is Carrigan's reincarnated brother.

[^116-3]: Robert didn't know that Hermione was Harry's best friend until this point.
He has really no idea how much Harry's life intersects with the Malfoy family.

[^116-4]: Horses are one of the symbolic representations of Rhiannon.
