# Holy Union

"I don't know why you're being difficult about this, Harry," Hermione
pleaded. Harry was resolutely looking out the compartment window at the
passing scenery so he wouldn't have to look at her. He had a feeling if
he did, he would give in. Next to him, Natalie was ignoring their
conversation in favor of playing with Inana. Draco had grown bored an
hour ago and was reading a newspaper, looking up every so often so see
if they were *still* stuck on the same topic. "It's not safe. You know
it. I know it. *Everyone* knows it. After what happened the last time-"

"*Don't,"* he bit out, warning her against *that* particular subject.
She had only heard one side of the story of what had happened with the
Du'on nadi and the possession, and it certainly hadn't been his. That
was more his fault than hers, but he didn't want to get into it now.

"What are you hoping to gain, Harry? What do you think you'll
accomplish?"

He didn't say anything for a moment. He was still trying to sort that
out himself. There really weren't very many reasons why he should return
to the Goddess colony, and those were rather weak reasons themselves. He
didn't know how to explain it, but it was just something he knew he
needed to do.

"They're family," he said, leaving it open for her interpretation. She
could usually find logic behind his reasons even where he couldn't. His
friend wasn't up for playing that game this time, however, and all but
sneered at that statement.

"Funny. They didn't seem to remember that while you were in the
hospital."

He tensed. Natalie looked up from her thumb-wrestling match with the tip
of Inana's tail, and glowered at the other girl.

"That was uncalled for," Natalie said, sharply. Hermione flinched and
looked down, contrite.

"I'm sorry, it's just… Can I talk to you for a moment in private?"

He honestly didn't want to. He didn't want to talk at all. She had been
trying to convince him not to see his godfathers since he had shown her
the letter, and the more she talked the more depressed over the matter
he got.

"Please?"

"…Fine, but after this you drop it, okay?"

"Okay."

They got up and walked out into the corridor, Natalie and Draco watching
them both suspiciously but not saying a word. They had both stop being
suspicious that the two Gryffindors would suddenly disappear together
and elope when neither had shown any hint of jealousy at the other's
romantic affairs (such as they were) over the last two years. Hermione
led him passed another passenger car and into the first baggage car, and
cast a Silencing Spell on the door so they wouldn't be hear even if they
could be seen through the door's glass window.

"Alright," he said, leaning against a set of trunks. "What do you need
to say that can't be said in front of Draco and Natalie?"

"Listen," she said, looking frustrated, at him and at herself. "I get
it, okay? I get not wanting to give up on your godfathers. It's like
you've said before, they're the last remaining family you have and I
know that's precious. I *know* that. I feel the same way about Draco,
but…"

She stopped, her expression pained. Something in Harry's heart twisted.
They weren't just talking about him anymore.

"… but eventually, you have to decide you've had enough. You have to
draw a line, because… because even if they're family… even if you love
them or just *want* to love them… they can tear you down into smaller
and smaller pieces until…"

She shook her head, and swallowed her rising tears with a hard sniffle,
then continued on like she were lecturing on the importance of taking
thorough notes in class. "I don't want that for you, Harry. You've gone
through so much already, and I don't think you can handle dealing with
this werewolf business on top of everything else. You did what you could
for them and it was incredible what you managed on your own, but that
doesn't give them the right to take advantage of you like they have.
You're not a werewolf and you're not Blackbone's whipping boy-"

"Whoa, whoa! Hermione, come on!" he objected. "I am not and never have
been Sirius' 'whipping boy'. I helped because *I* wanted to, not because
he made me or tried to guilt trip me. What happened in Germany… that
wasn't his fault. It wasn't anyone's fault, except my own."

"And that werewolf girl who poisoned you?" she interjected, looking
furious.

"… yeah, and maybe her a little too."

"What about when he sent you to *France* with a small army at your beck
and call?"

"…To be fair, that was Voldemort's idea too."

"And when those werewolves with you didn't try to stop you but just let
you lead them into almost certain death in enemy territory?"

"Hey, they were all like… under a spell or something. Not their fault!"

She wasn't buying it, and he felt a swell of annoyance. What did she
know about it? He was there! Where did she get off acting like he was
the one who didn't know what he was talking about?

"Listen to yourself, Harry! You just keep making excuses!"

"Because you keep making accusations! Jeez, what do you want me to say?
That I'm just going to cut all my ties and forget about them? It's too
late now. Damage done! I… it's up to Sirius how things go from here on."

He had to turn away from her as he said it, unable to look at her pity
and condemnation. Meanwhile, Hermione had wrapped her hands around her
arms and was squeezing them to keep herself from crossing the few feet
between them and wrapping them around her friend's throat in
frustration.

She didn't know much about what happened in Germany, but from what
Severus had told her, what the newspapers and rumors hinted at, and from
what Harry refused to say, she could guess it had been truly horrible.
She knew about the seven different potions he had to take, despite his
attempts to hide them from her, and how there were just as many to allow
him to sleep an entire night through as there were to treat his damaged
body. She knew from Clyde that they didn't work all the time. She knew
the sudden silences Harry fell into sometimes had nothing to do with
worrying about a pop quiz in DA&D or that cute seventh year Ravenclaw
who had smiled at him in the hall like he claimed.

She knew it was Sirius Blackbone and the werewolves' fault Harry had
turned into a ghost of his former self. What she didn't know, was why he
refused to escape them for good.

"It doesn't have to be that way," she said firmly. "You can break free."

"It's not that simple," he insisted, tiredly. He had tried to explain to
her already, but she hadn't accepted what he had said and he didn't
think anything else he said at this point would make a difference. All
he wanted was her to just drop it and let him deal with it. He wasn't…
scared of his godfathers or the werewolves, it was just… awkward.
Uncertain. They just needed to work through it, one way or another,
maybe even breaking it off altogether like Hermione was saying, but it
had to be worked out between them and she had no place in it. If he said
that to her, he had no doubt she'd punch him in the face.

Not exactly the best way to start the summer.

"It is if you decide it is."

She hesitated again, as if debating with herself to tell him something
or not.

"I'm… breaking free," she said, cautiously. He looked up, confused, but
now it was her turn to look at the floor.

"…What do you mean?"

Again the hesitation, but…

"I'm breaking free of Lucius… I… I really just can't stand him any
longer. It's killing me staying under his thumb. I never know when he's
going to just bring it down and crush me completely."

He knew about Hermione's 'relationship' with Lucius, and felt she was
completely justified in hating the man, but he was still confused at
what she was saying.

"So… how exactly?"

"I'm going to get emancipated."

He just blinked at her. He didn't even know what that meant.

"Like divorcing your parents," she explained. "Or disowning myself. I'd
take care of myself and he couldn't dictate my life anymore."

"Oh…" he said, feeling more than a little stunned. It had never occurred
to him that you could do such a thing in the wizarding world. "Oh… but…
how?"

She smiled a bit sadly and shrugged.

"It's not really that hard. Especially since I'm not his biological
child. I just need to prove I can take care of myself, get a sponsor,
and fill out some paperwork."

"And can you? Take care of yourself, I mean? What's a sponsor do? Are
they like a guardian?"

"I've got some money," she said. "Not a lot, but I can get a Court loan
to finish my education at Hogwarts, and then I can probably get a
work-study scholarship to put me through college. After that, I'm on my
own, but I'm hardly the first person who had to do that. I can do it. I
know I can."

Harry knew she could too. She was the smartest and hardest working
person he knew. He still felt uneasy about it.

"When?"

"As soon as I get a sponsor. I thought about asking Severus, but that
just doesn't seem fair. It would ruin his relationship with Lucius and
Draco, and I don't want start a feud between him and the Malfoy's just
when he's started a family of his own."

He didn't know what to say to that. Suddenly, he felt very immature.
Snape was getting *married*, the twins were starting a business, Ron was
plotting murder (he really needed to talk to him about that soon), and
now Hermione was divorcing her foster parents. Yes, certainly, he had
fought in several battles and been mixed up with political intrigue
since he was eleven, but that was stuff that had happened *to* him not
stuff he had done himself. Which again, was silly, because he *had* done
a lot of really adult things of his own accord before… months ago. In
fact, the more he thought about the more he realized he had been trying
his hardest *not* to be an adult for the last six months.

"Say something, Harry," she pleaded, anxiety gnawing at her in his
stunned silence.

"Wow," he managed weakly. "Just… wow. Does Draco know?"

He already knew the answer to that. There was no way Draco could know
and not have thrown some sort of tantrum or argument or *something*. It
seemed inconceivable; however, that she would hide something like this.

"No," she admitted. "He wouldn't understand. He'd think I was trying to
get rid of *him*, and it's not about that. He's the only reason I have
for staying-"

"But he's not enough."

She looked down again, inexplicably ashamed.

"No. He's not. If it came to a choice between me and Lucius, I know he
would choose his father, and maybe that's how it should be but…"

"Yeah," Harry agreed, even though he really didn't. He didn't think she
was giving Draco enough credit, but then what did he know? He had only
seen Draco and Lucius together maybe two or three times in the entire
time he had known them. He had no idea how close they were. He knew
Draco was extremely proud to call Lucius his father, but he was perhaps
even more proud to be able to call himself Hermione's 'big' brother.
"He's going to have to find out sooner or later. You'll have to tell him
eventually."

"Not until there's no way he can stop me. He might tell Lucius."

And that obviously filled Hermione with some sort of unspoken dread.
Harry felt a moment of fear himself. He had never been on the receiving
end of the Malfoy patriarch's enmity, but if he had been at the right
hand of the Dark Lord for all these years it could not be something
easily dismissed. Harry had a sudden feeling that before this was
through, he was going to have to find a way to protect her, and he had
no idea where to start. Harry had power and influence of his own, but
not on the same level as Lucius, who had been playing and winning on and
off the battlefield for decades.

"Is it worth it?" he asked. "I can tell you're scared."

She nodded, and although she still looked frightened, she also looked
certain.

"There has to be a line, Harry. He's pushed me over it one too many
times. I'm not going to let him push me anymore. I'll find a way."

"Well, okay. I'll help you as much as I can. I still think you should
tell Draco, though."

"Thanks, Harry. I'll try to do as much of it on my own as I can. I don't
want you on his bad side any more than Severus. Chances are, you'll be
seeing a lot of him after you graduate."

"Joy."

She smiled weakly.

"You need to draw your own line too, Harry, or one day you're going to
look around and wonder how you let things get so out of control. Or, you
know, you'll be dead."

He managed a smile a bit more firm than her own. Asking him to draw a
line at this point in his life was would be like doing so in sand… in
the middle of a storm. By the time the storm was over, not only would
the line be gone, but everything else would be changed around, buried,
or uncovered.

"I'll try, but even if I do, I know that I still have to face Sirius. I
don't know why you seem so intent on blaming him for everything that
happened to me, but he's not some sort of devil. He's not Lucius Malfoy.
I respect him. I… I love him… as my godfather and my mentor. He has a
right to say his piece, and I have a right to tell him mine."

She looked at him sadly, but finally gave up arguing. There was no
point. She had said all she could and as much as she hated the idea of
leaving her friend to face this danger again, she knew he was also
right. Sirius Blackbone was no Lucius Malfoy, and even though he was
scary in his own right, she didn't doubt that he had at one point loved
Harry too.

"At least take Uncle Severus when you go."

He actually had the audacity to laugh at her suggestion.

"Oh, yes, that will make things much safer!"

---

The bridal tent was full of strange women. The only ones Harry
recognized were Victoria (who had in fact been selected as
maid-of-honor) and Ira's mother, and there were at least six others he
had never seen before. One of them had asked for his autograph. He
couldn't see Ira, but then if the steady flow of women to and from
behind the oriental screen were any indication, she was still in the
process of getting ready. He hadn't seen her all morning, and for all he
knew she had been getting for hours.

"Er…" he said timidly, rather aware that the tent had the interior of a
Persian suite and he was surrounded by several women dressed beautifully
(if not all beautiful themselves) in pastel colored dresses and robes
made of nothing more than elaborate lace or transparent silk. 'Harem'
was not a word he thought anyone of them would appreciate hearing at the
moment. He managed to tiptoe around the room until he finally reached
Mrs. Morgan. "Can I speak to Ira?"

She looked horrified by the suggestion.

"Absolutely not! That's horribly bad luck to see the bride before her
husband!"

"Oh… I didn't know. Sorry."

"That's alright, dearie," she assured him, "No harm done. Was there
something you needed to ask her?"

He shook his head.

"Just checking on her. Thought I'd ask if she needed anything, but I
guess she's got her own private army for that," he said, indicating the
other women who all seemed to be busy with something; either arranging
the bouquet or making small snacks or helping the bride directly with
something or other.

"She's doing wonderfully. Can't stop smiling *or* wanting to throw up.
All perfectly normal."

Harry wasn't sure how someone could be happy and nauseous at the same
time, but he had heard somewhere that women were better multi-taskers
than men, so he supposed it was possible.

"Oh… Do you want me to go get some anti-nausea potions? I think they're
some in the first aid kit."

"No, no. That will give her hiccups! Can you imagine Ira trying to say
her vows like that? She'll be fine. Now off with you! We're almost done,
and we can't have you peeking."

He hurried out of the tent and into the bright afternoon sun. The air
was warm but not too warm and a gentle breeze out of the West brought
the faintest hint of salt water under the smell of flowers. Outside of
the tent, the wedding and reception preparations spread out like fair
grounds. Aside from the bride's tent, a rather grand domicile (and yet
nothing compared to the interior) of white silk and laden with white and
pink lilies and roses, there was also the groom's tent, modest and
masculine in light green and covered in ivy, the portkey tent where
security was checking each guest as they arrived (no one knew exactly
where they were except for Morgan for security reasons, concession
stands that were currently only serving non-alcoholic drinks before the
reception (if some actually interrupted the ceremony in a drunken
stupor, Snape would be honor-bound to kill the fool and that was a bad
way to start a marriage according to popular opinion), a tent for
entertaining children and keeping them out of the way, another tent for
smoking (doing so outside was also apparently bad luck at a wedding), a
large tent where the actual wedding feast would take place, some tents
designated as the restrooms, and nearly half a dozen others for various
and sundry. All of them were in different and festive colors and draped
in different flowers. Hundreds of butterflies, native and exotic and all
transfigured, floated around the grounds, alighting on flowers and
amused guests before fluttering off again.

The area where the wedding would take place was blocked off by a
naturally occurring spring dividing the grounds and a wall of weeping
willows. A pair of Trumpeter swans (not transfigured) lounged in the
shade of the overhanging branches, adding yet another touch of natural
elegance to the entire affair. A wide, wooden bridge arched over the
spring, leading to a path that curved through the willow grove.
Somewhere beyond the tree was the 'chapel', but Harry had not seen it
yet, again because of security, but Hermione and Draco who had been
drafted to help decorate (apparently it was good luck to have family and
friends decorate and help set up the sacraments) had said it was quite
spectacular. The guests were expected to start moving to their seats in
another half an hour and the ceremony itself was an hour after that.

In the meantime the guests were busying themselves wandering around the
grounds, admiring the decorations and the flowers and stopping to talk
to each other. Several people Harry had never met had tried to stop and
speak with him, but he had made a point to at least *look* busy to stave
off conversation. At the moment, he was looking busy by heading directly
for the groom's tent.

"How exactly are you affording all of this?" he asked by way of
greeting, as he stepped inside. Unlike the bride's tent, Snape's was
modeled after the modest interior of a tailor's fitting room and was
almost empty but for the groom and Lucius, who was dressed in dark
chocolate and rusty red browns. Like Harry, who was dressed in soft
beige and cream, and everyone else, he was expected to dress more
modestly than the groom just as the women were expected to dress more
modestly than the bride. The Malfoy patriarch handled it with his usual
arrogant flair, even as fitted his friend's armor like a common page.

*Armor,* of all things.

Not the clunky sort that muggle knights wore nor the leather sort used
in dueling matches, this armor was made of a strange black metal, lined
at the seams with gold. Harry had to admit it suited his professor quite
well. With his hair tied back, Snape looked several years younger, and
the individual plates highlighted his masculine form in a way that robes
never really could. He looked very much like a fairytale villain, off to
kidnap the princess and feed her to a dragon. Harry briefly wondered if
his father had also worn armor at his wedding and what he had looked
like doing so.

Snape cast him an irritated look.

"Contrary to what you may have assumed, I *prefer* to live modestly. I
am not *forced* to live that way. This affair, while not cheap, is *not*
beyond me."

Harry didn't believe for a minute that Snape would have spent even a
knut for anything as frivolous as transfigured *butterflies* or invited
the more than two hundred people who were currently milling around
outside. He didn't think either Snape or Ira even knew two hundred
people. Seeing his skeptical look, the man rolled his eyes.

"I sold tickets," he muttered, and Harry wasn't sure if he should laugh
or be outraged. Lucius smirked.

"I supplied the buyers. It's not everyday someone not of the Dark Lord's
inner circle can find an ear with them. There are many who are willing
to pay a great deal of money for just such an opportunity. Severus
turned quite a tidy little profit."

"Does Ira know?"

"Of course. It's an unspoken tradition," Snape said, not even bothering
to look at him now. He was staring over at Lucius' head at the mirror,
and didn't seem particularly happy. "I look like an idiot."

Malfoy Sr. smirked. "You look great."

"I have absolutely no desire to laugh at you," Harry offered. They both
ignored him. Snape stepped away to grab a drink of water from the nearby
table. The young Gryffindor noted that his armor didn't make a sound and
moved easily with his movements. He also noted that Snape's hands were
shaking when he took his glass. The man was actually *nervous!* Merlin,
this had to have been a first!

"You should have let me take you out," Lucius said, sounding more than a
little put out. "You would be feeling much more lucid right now."

"I would be feeling much more hung over as well. I am a little too old
to be gallivanting around bars and brothels until four in the morning.
Besides, Morgan would have heard about it."

"True enough. Nervous?"

"Of course not," he said, and immediately turned to Harry to keep the
man from calling him on his lie. "And how is my bride?"

"I went by her tent, but her mum wouldn't let me see her. Bad luck or
something. She did say Ira felt like vomiting, but I guess that's
normal."

Snape started to rub his temple.

"Why do people insist weddings are romantic? This is just another
exercise in social torture."

Harry very much agreed and decided if he got married he was going to
elope. Before he could share this sentiment, and enjoy the likely
scandalized look from Lucius (at least he hoped it was scandalized, it
might just be his usual boring sneer), Morgan entered the tent. Snape
stiffened.

"Is anything the matter?" he asked Morgan.

"No. Security has encountered nothing more than the usual hidden flasks
and snuff boxes[^112-1]. My people will keep an extra close eye them."

"I leave it in your capable hands. Has our Lord arrived yet?"

"Yes. He's being delayed by a small horde of potential sycophants at the
moment. I thought I should come and fulfill one of my duties as
'honorary' father of the bride before he arrives."

At Harry's confused expression, Lucius patted him on the shoulder and
explained.

"It's tradition to threaten the groom on behalf of the bride's honor and
happiness before the wedding."

"Oh." Harry still had no idea what that meant. He was learning far more
about wedding traditions and superstitions than he ever wanted to today.
Lucius didn't release his shoulder, but instead started leading him
outside.

"He's a professional threat maker. This probably won't be suitable for
your young ears."

Harry swallowed his indignation, and simply nodded to the other two men
as he left the tent. When he was outside, he began to move away to find
Voldemort but Lucius still hadn't let go.

"Just a moment, Harry. I wanted to speak with you. We so rarely have the
opportunity, despite our mutual acquaintances."

Turning back to the man, he pushed aside his own trepidation to look at
him directly. He had resolved himself to the fact back on the Hogwarts
Express that eventually he was going to have to stand toe to toe with
Lucius on Hermione's behalf, and this was probably as good a place to
start practicing as any.

"I have never known you to particularly care for my company, sir, aside
from the occasional negotiation."

He was referring of course to the instance in which they had conspired
to blackmail Headmistress Lestrange into leaving him alone. He didn't
know if the bargain held any influence over either of them any more now
that Snape had replaced her at Hogwarts. Lucius' amused expression
didn't waiver.

"No need to be quite so formal. You're practically my godson at this
point."

*Yeah, I'd like to introduce you to my*real*godfather, you slimy-*

"For what such bonds are worth to either of us."

His words seemed to impress the man more than discourage him. "Oh,
Harry, you should know by now these bonds are the most important
resources you have in the wizarding world. They're more important than
money, more important than titles. Your guardian is a perfect example of
that."

Harry didn't have to ask what he meant. He knew already that Snape was
only a half-blood and had never been particularly wealthy, which under
most circumstances would have left him little more than a third class
citizen. However, the man had managed to rise to a position of prestige
with the support of the Dark Lord and to a lesser extent Lucius Malfoy.
Their bonds were not familial, but they were just as tangible. Snape had
likely shed blood for these men. Perhaps they had done the same.

"You can not expect to thrive in this world solely on the Dark Lord's or
Severus' rather tenuous support. I believe it would be to your benefit
to foster the relationship with my family you have already begun through
my son."

Harry didn't miss that fact he hadn't said 'daughter' or even
'Hermione'.

"Severus informed me that while he and his new bride were away, the
Morgans would be looking after you. Perhaps you would consider spending
part of that time at Malfoy Manner. We would all be delighted to have
you, and I am certain we could find ways to keep you suitably
entertained."

He fought his first instinct to automatically say no and then his second
instinct to automatically say yes. Honestly, the idea of being trapped
in Lucius Malfoy's home for an indeterminate amount of time was in no
way appealing, but spending said time with his friends was something he
had always wanted to do. He had visited on occasion, too rarely, and had
always had fun until it seemed cut short way too soon by Snape's busy
schedule. He floundered for an appropriate response, still trying to not
appear manipulated or uncertain.

"I… will have to get back to you on that. I am supposed to meet with my
godfather," he said, feeling a moment of pure satisfaction at having
evaded Lucius' attempted claim to that title. "…sometime this month.
Some sort of official business that needs to be sorted out."

The Malfoy patriarch's expression tightened. He knew he was being
evaded.

"I wasn't aware you were still on speaking terms with the Head Alpha.
You have not been working in official capacity for him for quite some
time."

"For obvious reason, I was unable to. The medi-wizards cleared me for
active duty just a few weeks ago, and I am looking forward to getting
back to work."

*Liar, liar, liar!*

"Well, it is certainly good to hear that you are so… eager… to continue
your civic duties. Surely, it will not take a month to complete."

*No, and I can't lie about it much longer. At least, he knows he can't
have me at his beck and call.*

"Very unlikely," Harry agreed. "I was just going to find Lord Voldemort
and discuss it with him. As soon as I get things sort, I'll let you
know."

He very carefully moved Lucius' hand from his shoulder and walked away.
It was an effort not to run, especially when he could feel the man's
eyes drilling in to the back of his head. Once he had moved safely out
of sight, he let out the breath he was holding and grinned. All things
considered, that had actually gone a lot better than he had thought it
would. He hadn't actually told the man to bugger-off, but it had been
close enough.

Now he really did need to find Voldemort and ask him about seeing his
godfather. He should have written to him the day he had received the
summons, but he had wanted to speak with him in person and this seemed
the best opportunity. He hadn't wanted to send a reply to Sirius until
he had a better idea about the situation with the werewolves. There had
been very little in the newspapers about them in the last couple of
months and Snape had been evasive of the topic.

Before he could find the Dark Lord, however, he found himself just
behind one of the concession tents where several ladies were engaged in
conversation inside to avoid the sun. He hadn't meant to linger, and was
in fact only there so he could avoid being spotted by other guests who
might try to stop him for conversation, but something one of the women
inside said made him pause.

"I don't know how she managed to dupe someone a *second* time into
marrying her," a woman snickered, "I mean, it's not as if she ever put
that much effort into making herself attractive. She collects bugs for
Merlin's sake."

Several other women tittered insipidly along with her. Harry wondered if
they hadn't managed to get sloshed *before* coming to the wedding.

"Well, it's not like her husband is that much better. I heard he was a
mudblood, and hardly a Gilderoy Lockhart himself."

Someone snorted, rather unattractively.

"Oh, please, that's just jealous rumor. He's one of the Dark Lord's
inner circle and General Malfoy is his best man! There's no way he's
anything but pure blood. Bastard pureblood, maybe, but pureblood just
the same. He's supposed to be some sort of genius too. He's taking over
the Headmaster position at Hogwarts this year, and he's already
published as some sort of potion's expert. At least that's what Barney
says. He pays more attention to that sort of silly gossip."

Harry rolled his eyes.

"She really bagged one this time. Poor bastard. Do you think he knows
she's barren?"

Someone gasped.

"She's barren?"

"That's why I heard she was divorced in the first place. I heard she
tried to commit suicide afterwards. Although, who knows? She might have
been trying to get him to take her back. She had to have been desperate.
At least that's what Barney says."

"Well, Barney is apparently full of it. No one in Severus Snape's
position would bother with that sort of girl."

"No one in Severus Snape's position would bother with secondhand goods
either, but here we are! Sitting at this tacky little wedding in the
middle of a field like a bunch of peasants marrying the local goatherd
and milkmai-"

Harry, who had heard far more than he was willing to tolerate, stepped
out in front of the entrance of the tent. There were five women inside,
although he had only heard three.

"*Silencio*," he said, and with a wave of his want they were all struck
instantly mute. Not that they would have said anything. They were all
still quite stunned by his appearance. He tucked his wand away and gave
them his nastiest smile. "In case you don't know who I am, let me
introduce myself. I am Harold James Potter of the Potter Family,
ambassador and godson of the Head Alpha Sirius Blackbone, protégé to
Lord Voldemort, parselmouth, and I might be a Lord of something or
other, I haven't really bothered to look it up. Anyway, I just thought I
would let you know that Professor Snape is my guardian and Miss Beadle
is going to *become* my guardian when she marries him. Miss Beadle, who
you have so tackily been insulting at her own wedding, is a very nice
lady who I have a great respect for and as one of my guardians, she's
practically a mother to me."

The gossipers eyes grew wider and wider with every word he spoke, and he
felt his smile grow nastier by the second.

"Now, what do you suppose a *son* might do to someone who called his
mother 'used goods' and implied she was ugly, weak, and manipulative at
her own wedding where anyone could overhear them? I'm honestly not
certain myself. I could always go ask Voldemort, I suppose. I am sure he
would have some ideas."

One of the women got up, looking as if she was about to apologize.

"*Sit*."

He thought he might have said that in parseltongue, he was so angry at
the moment. Whatever he said, she obviously understood because she sat
down immediately and closed her mouth.

"Well, since I haven't found him yet, I suppose I'll just have to wing
it. Since you apparently have no sense of common decency or common
sense, I think it would be appropriate that none of you say anything
further for the remainder of the day. You will leave the silencing spell
on until you leave. If you take them off, I'll have to do something more
drastic…like cut out your tongues. Hopefully, after today, you will have
learned to speak of Miss Beadle… excuse me, after today she would Mrs.
Snape… that you will have learned to speak of her in a polite and
respectful manner deserving of her character and station… you nasty,
useless little trollops. *Bessiastus!*"

With seeker-like speed, Harry made his escape as the tent collapsed down
on top of the women. It did so silently, and since the gossipers
couldn't actually scream, no one noticed what had happened for several
seconds, and that was plenty of time for him to disappear behind yet
another set of tents.

*Well, that was…annoying*, he decided. He sighed, and ran a hand through
his hair. A part of him wanted to go back and fill the tent the women
were still struggling to crawl out of with bees. This was not the
angriest he had ever been, but it was close. He couldn't believe they
would talk like that about someone as sweet and kind as Ira, and one her
wedding day no less! She had told him about the divorce before, in vague
terms that made him think the details were too awful for her to
articulate to him, and for some strangers to come along and manipulate
it into some sordid little melodrama for their own amusement was more
than he could stand.

Maybe he should set the tent on fire.

But no… they weren't worth it. They were mean and petty and stupid, but
not worth more than the vicious scare he had given them. Maybe worth
even less than that. It wasn't something he wanted to make a habit of
doing.

He was so distracted by the encounter (and just waiting for someone to
find and scold him over the matter), it took him several minutes to
notice the ladybug sitting on his sleeve. When he finally did, he very
carefully pretended he hadn't. After another minute or two, he took a
deep breath and walked back out onto the grounds. He glanced briefly
over at the collapsed tent, where several of Morgan's security were
helping pull the frazzled looking women out, but carefully kept himself
from smirking and continued on his way to the nearby concession stand. A
primly dressed young wizard handed him a champagne flute of water, and
he drank it slowly and headed further away from the crowds. He could not
move beyond the grounds and into the surrounding forest because of the
security, but he did move off to relative privacy beside the tent that
had been set up out of the way to hold the extra supplies that might be
needed during the reception.

He glanced around briefly, to see if anyone had noticed him (and luckily
almost everyone was distracted by the great collapsing tent event), and
very casually poured out the rest of his water and placed the open mouth
of the flute over the ladybug, trapping it. The little insect
immediately tried to fly away, but met only unbreakable glass, banging
its tiny little body against the transparent walls. While it struggled,
Harry transferred his hand over the mouth of the glass quickly, so that
he could take a closer look at what he had found. He tilted his head
curiously.

"It seems I found myself a wedding crasher," he said idly

The ladybug simply struggled harder than ever against the glass and his
hand, trying to squeeze through, but he wouldn't let it. Carefully, he
turned the glass over in and then set it down just behind the tent where
no one else could see. He stepped back. If this went badly, he wanted to
remain in sight where someone might notice and raise an alarm. He
pointed the wand at the upturned glass.

"*Patefacio humanus!*"

The glass instantly shattered, and where once there was a beetle there
now laid a rather harried Rita Skeeter. Harry just stared at her.

"Of all the silly, stupid…" he started. "Do you have any idea how close
I was to handing you over to Morgan directly?"

She smiled rather sheepishly up at him, righting her glasses and
stumbling to her feet to right the rest of her. Wisely, she stayed
behind the tent and out of sight. Her bright red robes were not going to
go unnoticed amongst the crowd of neutral tones.

"H-how did you know?"

"We have like… twenty million flowers out there, of course we set up
anti-pest wards. No real insects should have been able to get in. Even
the butterflies are just transfigured paper."

"Oh… well, yes. I didn't think of that. But… but how did you know I was
animagus? For that matter, how did you know the revealing charm for it?"

"Dueling Club," he said reflexively, which was his excuse for knowing
just about any spell he probably shouldn't. "Do I even have to ask what
you think you're doing here?"

"Well, I would have thought that was obvious! This wedding is huge! The
biggest names in politics are here! Voldemort, Malfoy, Morgan, Talmac,
Blackwell, Dovesky, Burman… and *no one* from the press. There hasn't
been this much security for an event since…"

"Don't care," he said, sighing. "And what precisely have you learned so
far that made risking life in Azkaban worth it?"

She was actually grinning excitedly, which made him wonder about her
sanity. And also about his own for not calling one of Morgan's security
over immediately. There were a few looking over at him curiously
already.

"I know Snape actually sold *tickets* to this event. Very, very naughty.
It's an unspoken tradition for a reason you know. I also know Miss
Beadle is not the blushing virgin bride we all *thought* she was."

"Watch it," he said, tightening his grip on his wand and making sure she
noticed. Her smile faded somewhat, and she took a step back.

"And I know you're not entirely the prince charming you claim to be."

"I *never* claimed to be a prince, charming or otherwise. That's what
*you*," he said, pointing at her, "and the rest of the press decided to
call me. But okay, congratulations. You've uncovered all these nasty
little secrets. What do you think you're going to do with them?"

She frowned. "I'm a reporter. I'll report them of course!"

He shook his head.

"I don't think so."

She pouted. Literally. Her bottom lip stuck out and everything. He
nearly laughed. He had caught her and they both knew it. His victory
left him feeling more generous than he had with the gossipers, even
though Skeeter was likely a hundred times more dangerous. Lucius was
right. If he wanted to make it in the world he was going to need more
than Voldemort and Snape.

From the corner of his eye, he caught sight of one of Morgan's Sentinels
heading towards him slowly. He turned back to her.

"I only have about a minute before that sentinel comes over here and
sees you, so I'll make this quick. If I wanted to, I could tell anyone
here that I saw you and what you did and you would disappear off the
face of the earth just for the sheer audacity of it. But, no harm, no
foul. I'm willing to let this go. I'll even ignore the fact you're
flittering about for the rest of the wedding if you want to stay. You do
so at your own risk."

She was grinning again like a mad woman, but then stopped and narrowed
her eyes behind her speckled glasses.

"What's the catch?"

"You don't write *anything* that embarrasses me or my…" family?
Associates? "circle of acquaintances. That includes the Snapes, the
Morgans, Voldemort… if you'd even dare… and… the Malfoys…"

Because even if he didn't like Lucius, he wasn't going to let anyone
hurt Draco or Hermione if he could help it.

"In fact, you have to write something nice about Ira. Compliment her
hair or something in your article," he said, quickly, getting more
nervous as the Sentinel drew closer. Skeeter started to object, but she
didn't get the chance. "*Change back now!*"

Without a sound, Skeeter disappeared and a little beetle disappeared
into the grass just as the Sentinel reached him. The woman was looking
at him curiously, and then behind the tent.

"Is something the matter?" she said, suspiciously.

"Er… yeah, sorry. I broke my glass," he said, pointing to the shards of
the flute still littering the ground. "I've just been trying to remember
the spell to fix it. I know it's a really obvious one. I just feel
stupid that I can't-"

"*Reparo."*

Instantly, the glass fixed itself and the woman handed it back to him.
He smiled at her sheepishly.

"Thanks, that was it. I just didn't want anyone else to see me. That
would be completely embarrassing."

She didn't seem exactly suspicious, but she didn't seem to be buying his
story either.

"What are you doing back here to begin with?"

"Oh… uh… "

He struggled to think of a logical excuse, but before he could she
smiled knowingly.

"Bathrooms full?"

He just blinked at her. His ears suddenly flushed red. Her smile
widened.

"They never have enough toilets at these things. Don't worry about it,
your secret's safe with me. You better get back though. They're about
ready to start seating people. I think you're at the front row."

"Yeah… thanks."

She winked at him and moved off, signaling to someone else that
everything was fine. Skeeter landed on his shoulder, and even though he
couldn't hear her, Harry was positive she was laughing at him.

"Hey, I only told you the condition for letting you *stay*," he warned.
"You're just going to have to wait till I decide on the condition for
not telling everyone that you're an animagus. Probably an *unregistered*
animagus at that."

Apparently, Skeeter was much less amused about that than his little
misunderstanding with the Sentinel, and she flew off in what he assumed
was a huff. Just the same, he was feeling quite clever. Next time he saw
Hermione he might tell her about what had happened, and maybe find a way
to get Skeeter to help find Hermione a sponsor. Who knew, perhaps
Skeeter could even *be* Hermione's sponsor. He would discuss it with her
later, when he went to stay with the Malfoys.

---

After his second brush with blackmail, Harry managed to enjoy a full
thirty minutes where absolutely nothing even remotely interesting
happened. This was primarily because he was stuck in a line waiting for
security to double check him for dark artifacts or any other items he
might use to assassinate someone. This took quite some time since
everyone who was sitting towards the front, himself included, kept
setting off the equipment used to detect 'dark' magic. No one but him
noticed the tiny little bug fly over their heads and into the trees.

He entertained himself for a few minutes imagining if someone had.

Finally, he was allowed to cross the bridge and make his way through the
trees. They wound around and between several large rock formation for
almost a hundred or so feet before the trees gave way to yet another
clearing. There were rows upon rows of red cushioned benches, a wide red
carpet dividing them in half and leading to the front where platform
made of unshaped stone rose up for everyone to see, and an stone altar
draped in white clothe and sacraments waited. A choir stood off to the
left, draped in red and white robes, and to the right a woman with a
harp and man with pipes were playing a gentle, festive tune.

It could have been the interior of any church or cathedral Harry had
ever been in, except there were no stone walls to house them, but rows
upon rows of closely growing trees, their overarching branches acting as
the vaulted ceiling, while heavy white bouquets of flowers hung down,
raining flower petals from above. Beyond the platform and altar were not
more trees but instead a rocky shore leading to waters of an ancient
lake, and beyond those cliffs towered hundreds of feet above the water.
Cloud shadows danced across the verdant cliffs and deep blue waters,
making them seem some how alive.

Hermione had been right. It truly was spectacular.

"This is a sacred place to the druids, you know."

He gave a little start, and looked up to see Voldemort had somehow snuck
up behind him. Being neither a traditionalist or modest, the man had
kept his usual dark robes, black with hints of blood red, and no one
dared comment on it. At least not where they would be heard. Harry
wondered what he would do if he *had*heard someone, and if it would have
been anything like what he had done to the gossipers or if he really
wouldn't have torn out their tongues. Maybe he would have just crucioed
them.

The Dark Lord seemed amused by his distraction, and placed his arm
around Harry's shoulder to lead him like a lost little lamb to his seat.
Or what was now his seat, because he was quite certain he was supposed
to be sitting on the other side of the aisle. It was best not to
complain, he decided, especially when he realized he would have been
sitting next to a group of rather unfriendly looking people who were
already glaring at him.

"They married many a king and noble along these shores."

"And what shores are these?" he asked. "I suspect Wales, but I'm not
sure where."

Voldemort grinned, pleased. "You are correct. We're just North of St.
Bride's Bay, appropriately enough. About the closest Wales and Ireland
get to each other. You look well, Harry. Are you enjoying yourself?"

Strangely enough, he was. It wasn't exactly as fun as Quidditch, but
enough was happening to keep him on his toes without any real crisis
breaking out. Plus, he had the strange feeling that he was winning at
the moment, even if he didn't understand all the rules.

"I think so. I'm glad you could come. I know you've been busy."

The Dark Lord tilted his head curiously and when he spoke again it was
in parseltongue.

"*I hope you have not been feeling neglected."*

*"No. I underssstand. I've been enjoying the quiet… while it
lassstsss."*

Voldemort nodded in acknowledgement. He would not keep Harry out of the
world for much longer.

*"I wishhhed to ssspeak to you about Ssiriusss and the otherss,"*he
continued*. "He ssent me a ssummonss."*

*"Yesss, I know."*

*"Do you know what it'ss about?"*

*"No. Blackbone iss... unpredictable at the moment. He hass been
reorganizing the coloniess in wayss I do not fully undersstand. He iss
not asss you remember him. He iss aggresssive, driven, tyrannical. As
viciouss asss Greyback ever wass."*

Harry tried to imagine what Voldemort was saying, and for a few moments
he thought he could see it. Blackbone could indeed be vicious and a
bully, but after those few moments he couldn't help but remembering his
godfather grinning like a lunatic or bickering with Remus over the
silliest things. His expression must have shown his confusion.

"*If you are uncertain, I can accompany you. I would sssay you don't
have to go at all, but we both have a contract to honor*."

Harry shook his head.

"*No. I don't want him to think I'm hiding behind you. I don't… want him
to think I'm scared of him*."

Voldemort looked down at him for a long time, studying him. Harry looked
back, although he didn't know what he was looking for or what he wanted
to say. He *was* scared, but not of Sirius. Not really. Their reunion
would be painful, no matter what either of them said or did, but not
knowing would be worse.

Finally, the Dark Lord let out a sigh and ruffled his hair
affectionately. Harry felt his face flush in embarrassment. The entire
'chapel' had to be watching them.

"*I will make arrangementss. Be ready in three dayss. You might not
think you need me, but you will not go unprotected. You have not sseen
what I have sseen."*

Having nothing more to say, he merely ducked his head and said quietly,
"*Thank you, my Lord*."

"You do me proud, Harry, when you are least intending to."

He didn't know what the Dark Lord meant by that, and he didn't have time
to question. The music suddenly changed and the choir began to sing,
signaling the beginning of the ceremony. Everyone took their seats, and
fell silent.

The ceremony was thankfully brief, and tastefully done. There was very
little differencw from what Harry knew of muggle weddings and he was
able to follow along fairly well. Hermione stood off to the right side
with another girl Harry didn't know as some sort of maid of honor. Snape
stood at the left side of the alter, Lucius a little further down with
Draco beside him, acting as ring bearer.

Outside of the tent, his expression severe, as if daring anyone to make
one remark about his wedding armor (which Harry thought was pretty funny
in a symbolic way but suited him quite well), Snape struck an even more
dramatic figure.

And then there was Ira.

Harry barely even recognized her. Morgan walked proudly beside her, her
arm grasped in his, his expression the fiercest Harry had ever seen it
as walked his stepdaughter down the isle. He thought he might understand
the man's protectiveness.

She had never been what he thought of as beautiful or had the attention
catching features of someone like Snape, but on this particular day she
was nothing less than breathtakingly radiant. Her dress was the picture
of elegance, bringing out the natural elegance of Ira's own body,
mirroring the gentle slope of her shoulders over soft curves of her
bosom, hugging her slender waist into an ever decreasing diameter until
it flared at the hips in a series of voluminous satin folds. The sleeves
were long, covering her arms and extending over the back of her hands in
an ironic display of modestly, because the back to her dress was open,
exposing a rather risqué amount of skin by wizarding standard even with
the veil she was wearing covering most of it. Harry smiled to himself
when he noticed she had somehow managed to create giant butterfly out of
light blue ribbons to rest at the base of her back, making it all
somehow perfectly Ira.

Harry couldn't recall much of the ceremony after that. He knew the
priest talked a lot about duty and honor and love, and that they had
their hands tied together in a ritual knot, but he didn't notice when or
how the ritual sacraments were used. He was much too busy studying the
bride and groom in rapt fascination. Snape's expression, which had at
first been stern and foreboding, had softened at Ira's approach. He
wouldn't call it lovesick or star struck or anything so sentimental, but
it was… warm. Affectionate. Welcoming. When the man had pulled back
Ira's veil he could safely say *she* was at least head over heels for
the man.

He found himself looking down in embarrassment when they actually
kissed. It was just *weird*.

Later, during the reception, long after the Dark Lord had excused
himself and many hours of dancing, drinking, celebrating, and a dozen
strange wizarding traditions played out, Hermione would finally manage
to sit him down at one of the long tables and tell him what he had
missed.

"He's completely in love with her," she said. "You can't kiss a woman
like that and not be. I don't think he even realized it till now."

He found himself looking for them amongst the crowd, and found them on
the dance floor of all places. The evening was winding down and the
songs were mostly slow now. Ira, now officially Mrs. Ira Snape, was
resting her head against Snape's shoulder, looking tired and happy as he
led her around the floor, one hand at her waist and another stroking a
curly lock of hair that had managed to escape the bridal weave.

It occurred to him that he hadn't realized Snape was in love with her
until now either.

