# Faeries

"How many times do I have to say I'm sorry about the betrothal? I am
*sorry*. Do you think I'm not being sincere?" Ron insisted, following
Hermione through the halls towards Gryffindor tower. It was late, only a
few minutes to curfew and he knew he would be in trouble should Cypher
catch him on the way back, but getting Hermione alone had proven
problematic. He had her in half a dozen classes and saw her frequently
in the Hogwart's Herald staff offices, but since he was reduced to the
point of groveling privacy was essential.

"I believe you," Hermione said coolly, without looking at him, "And I
accept your apology. Now if you'll excuse me..."

He let out a frustrated sigh.

"Why are you so impossible?"

Without altering her expression or tone she replied.

"I fear I haven't the slightest idea."

He quickly lost all patience with her, and his beseeching look turned
mutinous.

"You are incredibly self-centered, you know that?"

"Excuse me?"

"Self-centered. Egotistical. Selfish."

"I know the meaning of the word, Weasley. I don't see the reasoning
behind your statement."

Ron felt a sense of progress. She was actually looking at him now, and
it bolstered his confidence.

"Don't you think it is incredibly conceited of you to expect me to have
just automatically *known* something was going on with you, when it
completely escaped your notice that something was going on with me at
the same time?"

She stopped, her expression breaking into something more lively than
callous disregard. Definitely progress.

"You mean you being sick?" she asked, though uncertain.

"No, not about me being sick. Although what was going on was the reason
I *was* sick."

"... Why didn't you say..." and she cut herself off, looking suddenly
embarrassed. It seemed to finally occur to her how ridiculous she was
really being about the whole thing.

"Why didn't I say anything? Because if I wanted you to know, I would
have *told* you about it, instead of making assumptions or expecting you
to read my mind. I don't know what classes *you've* been taking but
legilimency isn't taught in any of mine!"

Oops. He had gone too far with that bit of self-righteousness. Her
expression darkened considerably, morphing into real anger.

"So you're holding onto your secrets as tight as you can, and I'm just
suppose to shout them out to you? No one ever tells me anything! Why do
I have to be the one always guessing?" she shouted.

"I'm not Potter, so don't blame me for his Mr. Mysterious routine!"

"Don't point to Harry every time you're feeling inadequate!"

"Ugh!" he shouted, throwing up his arms in disgust. "Impossible harpy!"

"Obstinate imbecile!"

They both stormed away from each other in opposite directions. Tomorrow,
Ron expected there would be whispers about their little spat at the
breakfast table. The hallways echoed terribly and with everyone trapped
inside, the students were desperate for a little drama to entertain
themselves. Draco would probably start making his life difficult. His
former 'friend' was frankly growing more and more similar to his father
every day, and it made him uneasy while he was still recovering from his
illness. He had always prided himself on being self-sufficient, but he
was entering a stage of his education where all his fellow Slytherins
were learning the art of alliances and he had neither the skill nor the
patience for the game.

He was no follower. He had little in the way of influence or finances to
entice others to follow him either, and he knew his personality wasn't
exactly endearing if Hermione attitude towards him were any indication.
He had a tendency to inspire annoyance more often then not if he were
honest with himself. Even so, he had little inclination to change.

"Why Weasley, your romantic prowess leaves me green with envy... or
perhaps it's just this evening's attempt at flounder," a familiar and
loathed voice interrupted his thoughts from somewhere ahead of him, the
cadence almost musical in its mockery. She appeared from the shadows of
an alcove a scant few feet from the stairwell leading to the dungeons
with the silence and grace of a night wraith, and he felt just about as
happy to meet one as he was the other.

"Cypher," he said blandly, expecting some ridiculous scolding followed
by an over inflated punishment. Her smile was full of venom.

"Oh, Weasley, there's no need to be so cold. I'm not here to get you in
trouble," she said with a saccharine tone. "Not if you talk to me for a
little bit. I can hardly report you for being out during curfew when I'm
the one holding you up, now can I?"

"It's never stopped you in the past. What do you want?"

"Just a little conversation. You know, seeing how you are doing. You've
been keeping to yourself so often these days, I can't help be a little
curious as to what you have been up to."

He rolled his eyes.

"I've been sick. That's as interesting as it gets," he said, and moved
towards the stairs. She stepped in front of him before he could.

"Oh, I am very sure you were sick, but like you said to Hermione, there
was something else going on. Still going on, perhaps? Something you've
been conspiring with Harry about?"

He felt a swell of embarrassment at realizing she had overheard his
fight with Hermione, had possibly been tailing behind them like a
demented voyeur. Embarrassment didn't suit him however, so he hid it
under a veil of exasperation and disgust.

"You're coming to me about Potter? Seriously? How desperate are you?"

Her expression didn't change even the slightest.

"Shouldn't I be asking you that? My relationship with Harry is straight
froward and simple-"

*Yes,* he agreed mentally, i*n the alien universe where women make sense
it probably was.*

"But, *you* aren't Harry's friend. In fact, you have always been more
like an enemy, feeble in that capacity though you may be, which begs the
question of why you have been spending so much time with him. And why he
lets you for that matter."

"Why don't you ask him? Since you both are so buddy buddy, and I am
calculating the odds of getting away with pushing you backwards down the
stairs."

"Well, for one, Harry's run off to save the world again. For another,
he's a better liar than you."

"Oi! He is not!"

"Alright, then he's just better at keeping secrets. Which means he's
just a really good liar-by-omission."

He rolled his eyes and maneuvered himself around her with a nimble
little spinning turn, making it to the steps and scot free.

"If you say so. I honestly don't care. We're not friends, we've just
been stuck together for some school assignments. There's nothing going
on. Goodnight and good riddance."

"For instance," she continued as if he hadn't spoken, her slightly
raised voice the only indication that she recognized that he wasn't
standing in front of her with his complete attention. "He seems to have
been very successful at keeping the secret about Hermione from you,
despite all the time you've been spending together."

Ron paused. Mentally kicking himself, he looked back at her.

"Oh, really, and what secret is that?"

"Hhmm... it's quite a doozy. Even I'm impressed with it."

"Uh-huh? And again, what secret?"

"What secret?"

"Yes, what secret?"

"Well, it's a secret so of course I can't just *tell* you. Not unless,
of course, we were the sort of friends that could *share* secrets."

Oh, she was good. Horrible, nasty little girl, but a fantastic
Slytherin. If it weren't for her inferior bloodline, Voldemort probably
would have been happy to marrying Harry off to her to create the perfect
race of Slytherins with impossible good luck and a propensity for
simultaneously pissing off and charming large numbers of people. Ron was
secretly glad that nature had created a barrier from such a generation
of terrifying predators from ever entering the general population.

But a disinterested admiration aside, he didn't like the idea of playing
into her game. He *did* want to know what secret she was referring to,
as he hadn't had an inkling of it, but he was hardly about ready to hand
over his own to someone he shared only mutual animosity with. It could
easily be a trick. Also, now that he knew to ask, there might be others
who knew about it who would be easier to pry it from.

"I'll think about it," he said, because it wouldn't due to turn her down
immediately. She might get testy if she lost the game before it started,
and he was still hoping to get out of a detention.

She smiled, and waved him off.

"You do that."

---

For a brief moment, no one spoke but merely stared at the collection of
trees and undergrowth standing there as if it had been there for a
hundred years when in fact it had sprung up in the course of half a
minute. Just as the reality of this unreality was starting to sink in, a
single long note bellowed through the forest, shoving them forcefully
back to their senses. Lysander expressed the moment aptly with a softly
muttered 'oh bugger'.

"Can we turn back?" Stratus said sharply, his militant tones snapping
his soldiers back into military attention.

"Go back to what? Even if it's right beyond that patch of forest, our
colony doesn't have any protection against faeries. They've never been
interested in werewolves, and wards would only have provoked them.
You'll have to get to the idol and apparate from there."

"Can we make it?" Kinglsey asked.

"Not if we stand around here asking questions," Harry said unprompted,
knowing they were just wasting time. They needed to *move*. "We can talk
while we run."

And he then he started running, and everyone in their party immediately
followed. They had no choice, he was their responsibility and their
purpose for being there. Stratus had the authority to counter his
command, but he saw the wisdom in it. It was unlikely they would make it
to the idol before they were attacked, but if they could shorten the
distance between their inevitable conflict and their moment of safety
they would have to risk it. They knew neither the enemies numbers nor
their nature, which among the hundreds of faerie tribes they were
facing; be they the Daoine Sidhe, the Tuatha de Dannan, the Seelie, the
Unseelie, the Milesians, or some branch they had no scholarship of. They
were as likely to face a pack of savage orcs as they were a couple of
harmless if somewhat mischievous goodfellows, and Stratus frankly didn't
intend to wait around to find out.

As Tom Riddle, he had only spent two summers under the tutelage of
Carrigan before his fragment of soul had been sheered off and placed in
the journal, but faerie visitors had been frequent and what he had
gleaned from that brief time was that they were not to be trifled with
in groups. Looking to Harry, who he was intentionally keeping abreast
of, he could tell by the boy's expression that he wasn't intending to
take any chances either.

The hunting horn they had heard earlier did not sound again, but rather
than reassure them it only made them more anxious. They had no idea how
fast their enemy was moving or how close they were. The horn had sounded
from the south, but Stratus warned them to look out in all directions,
as the horn may only have signaled others that the hunt was on and not
the point at which the hunt had started. Harry, being stuck in the
middle, took the responsibility of watching above them. He was not as
familiar with the fae as he probably should be, but he knew there were
several arboreal breeds that were known for swooping down from above or
dropping snares down on unsuspecting victims as they sped by beneath
them.

He was the first to spot the merlin, a tiny hawk he could identify
easily from his animagus studies, swooping above them. Once, twice,
three time and then it turned and disappeared back towards the south. He
turned to Stratus to remark on this, but was distracted by a sharp yelp.
Behind them, one of the werewolves, a gangly young thing with stooping
shoulders and evasive eyes, had tripped and fallen. Lysander fell back a
moment to pull him to his feet and they hurried after to catch up.

No one thought anything of it, until the squadron leader, Titanhorn,
took a tumble a moment later, followed by another foot soldier called
Kern. Then Stratus grabbed his arm and jerked him to the side.

"Look out!" he said sharply, and Harry looked down just in time to see a
tree root arching up out of the ground and managed to hop over it.
"Watch your feet everyone!"

Their feet weren't the only thing they needed to watch. Kingsley was
watching the surrounding forest and his feet so diligently, he missed
the low hanging branch that suddenly dipped an extra few inches to bean
him over the head. Harry half caught him and heaved him upright again
before he fell completely. Almost immediately, everyone's paced slowed
considerably even as their desire to run faster intensified.

Trees which had been standing docilely one moment, now appeared to be
slowly sliding their way onto the road, subject to some unseen gravity.
Autumn vines slithered between them, rustling leaves into a serpentine
hiss they went and cringing away at the feet threatening to trample
them. Stones and broken tree branches rose up from the damp earth like
bubbles rising from a swamp.

Within a few minutes the road was gone completely, and with it their
tight formation. It was impossible to hold a straight line or hold a
position while moving around and between oak trees nearly three feet
thick and over tiny ditches and large stones, even when they weren't
*moving*. They did the best they could to hold a rough circle around
Harry, but every member of their group was now disappearing out of sight
for several seconds at a time and that was just asking for trouble. The
only one who remained visible to Harry at all times was Stratus and
Kingsley. Kingsley led the way and Harry obediently followed, while
Stratus either ran beside him or directly behind when their path made
that impossible. Their sense of direction was likewise skewed and
although he hated to, Stratus called them to a halt for a moment to
regain sense of their surroundings and take stock of their situation.

Everyone who had started the course was still with them except for the
werewolf who had tripped earlier.

"I sent him back," Lysander explained. "He twisted his ankle running and
he's not good in a fight anyway."

"Is that safe?" Harry said, breathing heavily. He was rather embarrassed
about his lack of endurance, but Dueling Club really wasn't a
replacement for Quidditch or hard exercise when it came to maintaining
stamina.

"I doubt they'll bother with him. Faeries aren't interested in
werewolves. Not unless its a full moon at least."

"If they won't bother you, then you should all go back. You're not
armed. You'll be nothing more than fodder if we get into a fight."

Stratus looked about ready to protest, but Lysander shook his head.

"We'll escort you as far as we can. You'll need all the eyes you can
get."

So instead the lieutenant turned to Kingsley.

"Cast a locating charm," he ordered. "We're becoming disoriented."

The Sentinel frowned, but did as he was told, while the soldiers kept an
eye out for danger. His wand balanced on the top of his hand, spinning
this way and that like the needle of a compass. After a moment, it
stopped and series of numbers glowed on top of it. Kinglsey looked up at
them in alarm.

"What?" Harry demanded.

"We're running *away* from it! It's back there!"

He pointed behind them and off to their far right, where the trees were
moving closer and closer together and the slithering vines were snaking
between them to form a living barricade. Stratus frowned at it, but
merely said.

"How much further?"

"A hundred yards at least."

"Hey!" a slender Cultie witch called Guppy said suddenly, "Did anyone
hear that? I thought I heard something moving!"

"*Revelo!*" Kern cast, but the spell fluttered around uselessly and
died.

"That only works on magical *objects*, genius,"someone muttered.

"Well, *you* think of-"

"Stay focused!" Stratus snapped, then turned towards the green
barricade. "*Aresco mordicus*."

Before his wand, the earth died. Leaves withered and fell and withered
still further into brown, half curled little corpses of themselves,
turning to dust at the faintest disturbance. Vines shriveled into
desiccated veins and dying trees groaned like aged giants.

Harry felt his insides crawl as he took his first steps forward, and
flinch when Stratus cast it a second time. He did not have to cast it a
third, the forest itself withdrew from them as silently and eerily as it
had closed in. What was left was an impromptu road of death nearly ten
feet across and stretching out before them. It was Dark Arts, not the
most insidious kind, but it had to be flaking away pieces of its
caster's soul with every incantation.

"Wicked," someone said, and Harry agreed although not in the same
context.

"Focus," was Stratus' only reply. "We're not-"

And then the first attack started.

It came not in the form of steel or arrows or curses. It came on four
legs, silent as ghosts and fast as lightening. It came with teeth and
relentless training right down its very DNA.

It came in the form of dogs.

Harry caught sight of them first out of the corner of his Quidditch
Seeker's eye as a flash of white spiriting between the trees. There was
four of them total, all of them with the tall, powerful build of
wolfhounds but with silky white coats but for the orange patches
encircling their ears. He knew them as a faerie breed, but their names
and characteristics escaped him. He had neither the time nor the
inclination to wonder about it just then. Their rapid dash towards them
told Harry all he needed to know, and he threw out a curse before he
even bothered with a warning.

"*Celoxis!*"

The Cutting Curse sailed between two Culties and straight for the line
of dogs, but they scattered intuitively. The curse sailed on until it
struck a tree already dead under Stratus' curse and shattered it into a
explosion of splintering wood. The others spotting the danger, began to
cast their own spells to bring down the creatures that had broken their
lines in order to encircle them like wolves around a flock of sheep.
Then just as silently as they appeared they disappeared into the
underbrush.

"What was that?" Kingsley asked. "Are they gone?"

"No," Harry and Lysander said simultaneously, glanced at each other, and
the young wizard let the alpha explain. "Typical pack hunting behavior.
They wanted to panic us and make us run, break up our defensive
positions, then take down the weakest or the slowest of the group. Now
they've gone back to stalking. They'll rush us again later or simply
slow us down enough for their masters to catch up to us."

"So what now?"

"We keep going," Stratus said, calmly, "As quickly as we can without
breaking formation."

Everyone silently agreed to this, although the instinct to bolt was
running high. But they were more than dumb animals, and wouldn't be
outsmarted by them. Or that was the idea, until they came came to
natural hill, nearly thirty feet up and eroded half away by the
elements. There was no way around it without tripling their time, and
they set about scaling it with a equal shares of trepidation.

Guppy went first, being the smallest and the most nimble, and made it
most of the way up on two feet by grabbing hold of the numerous tree
roots jutting out from the exposed soil, before being forced to drop to
all fours to scale over the top. When she was safely over the edge, she
looked about and gave them the all clear.

Kingsley and Titanhorn went up, followed by Harry and Stratus, and then
the rest of the Culties with the werewolves waiting at the bottom to
bring up the rear. Harry was almost to the top, when he heard the sound
of hooves. He paused where he was climbing, and so did everyone else,
catching what he was hearing. The distance of the houses was hard to
determine in the forest, but it was getting steadily closer. Stratus
touched his arm, drawing his attention.

"Hurry up, we don't want to be caught with our backs to them when they
arrive."

Harry nodded and went back to his climbing, but a terrified shriek
alerted him that something was happening above him. He jumped to the
side, barely avoiding being knocked into as Guppy fell, but not avoiding
the panicked grasp of her hand on his cloak. He was torn from his perch
and thrown backward, landing heavily on his back several feet down and
then continued to roll several more feet as loosened soil crumbled and
gave way beneath him.

He slid the last few feet to the bottom, the breath knocked out of him
and dizzy but unhurt, his wand remained in his hand and amazingly wasn't
unbroken. A few feet away Guppy was still screaming, and he turned to
see that her fall had apparently been assisted by a white hound that was
now struggling to drag her away into the forest. He aimed his wand to
cast a spell, but had to divert his aim when Stratus yelled out a
warning above him.

A second hound was bolting down the hill, dodging effortlessly between
the wizards and witches and heading straight for him. He had only enough
time to throw up his arms to shield his neck from its fangs, and
miscalculated by putting his wand arm out first. Power jaws clamped
down, and he grunted at the painful pressure, but his arm guards held
and he kept his grip on his wand. The hound pressed its attack, shaking
his arm savagely as if trying to disarm him, but he refused to let go.

Behind him he herd a yelp, this time not of Guppy but of the hound, and
he dared a glance back in time to see Lysander wrenching the beast off
of the witch by the scruff of its neck, and with a display of great
strength he lifted the ninety-pounds of writhing, snarling flesh over
his head and brought it down sharply over his knee. There was a horribly
*snap* and the hound went limp.

The alpha let out a triumphant snarl and turned his attention to Harry
now, but the Gryffindor had already found his own solution. Drawing his
knife, a gift from Draco he had ironically brought as an extra defense
against his friend's father, from his boot, he stabbed it into the
hound's side. The hound took the wound to the neck, but amazingly it
missed anything vital and it released him in order to scamper away with
little more than a whimper.

"Harry! Harry!"

Stratus was leaning over him a moment later, looking pale and anxious as
he checked him over frantically for injuries. Harry would have batted
his hands away if he didn't have a wand and knife in either of them.

"I'm fine. It didn't get through the arm guard. What about Guppy?"

"Who?"

Harry rolled over and climbed shakily to his feet. He could see now that
the Culties were now all at the bottom of the hill again, encircling him
in a defensive position. Only Kingsley was still at the top, looking
about. Lysander was now carrying the wounded Cultie, who was weeping
softly and cradling her broken, bleeding arm.

"We've got incoming, people!" Kingsley shouted before he could think to
do anything for her. "At least fifteen on horseback and at least twice
that many on foot!"

"What are they?" Stratus called back.

"Elves! Bloody mean-looking elves!"

"Well, shit," Stratus grumbled, then commanded his people, "Cast some
shields and hurry to the top!"

He seized Harry by the arm and pulled him forward, ignoring his
stumbling and swaying and practically hurling up the first slippery
steps of the hill. The youth scrambled to comply, shoving his knife into
the belt of his pants, so that he could move on three limbs instead of
two while Stratus maintained his hold on his wand arm and pulled him
upwards at a ruthless pace.

An arrow struck their shield magic and shattered into so much dust. This
was followed by several more, all of them having about as much effect as
wet noodles thrown in a fire. Harry didn't turn around, he couldn't
while being dragged upwards, but it seemed a terrible waste of arrows.

"What are they doing?" he panted.

Stratus wasn't looking at them either, only at the top where their
position would offer them an advantage to their pursuers below.

"They're testing the range of the shields."

They reached the top, and Harry felt himself finally coming back to his
full senses as Kingsley took his free arm and pulled him up over the
edge. He rolled to his feet and turned to face their enemy... only to
find to his infinite frustration that they were hidden in a dense cloud
of fog.

"What the... what is that?"

"This is worse than I thought," Stratus said, "They have some sort of
conjurer in their party."

"Conjurer?"

"All fae have their own innate magic unique to their species, but only a
few are true conjurers... able to use and manipulate magic the same way
a wizard would. They're typically female. Enchantresses. Aim for any
women in their party if you have the opportunity."

Looking down at the wall of featureless gray he didn't see such an
opportunity arising and wasn't sure if he would have taken it even if he
had.

"Absolutely," he said anyway.

"Good. *Fuegoriserpens* *!*"

From Stratus' wand a line of fire appeared, racing down the hill, then
snaking its way across the forest floor, around trees and stones and
debris, setting withered earth below alight. The fire spread rapidly in
the dry kindling, fanning out behind the slithering line of flames,
driving back the fog with the intensity of its heat.

As the cover retreated, a number of their enemy suddenly became visible.
They were indeed elves. Not the pitiful decrepit slaves of the Wizarding
World, or the fey, graceful creatures Harry had familiarized himself
with in the Black Forest. These were something else entirely. Their
mounts were horse-like, but not true horses; their limbs slender like a
deer's, their necks too long and flexible, and a pair of short, sharp
antlers perched atop their heads. Their legs were swaddled in protective
bindings, their backs, chests, necks, and head covered in flexible,
multi-plated armor of gold or silver. They were built for speed and
maneuverability, but had more than enough strength to carry their
riders, who were no less alien to look upon.

The elves were also armored in silver or gold, but only with
breastplates which they wore over rich scarlet or royal blue, and the
occasional gauntlet. The mounted elves were all the same species, yet
they varied greatly from one to another, some with skin so black it
almost appeared blue, and others so white they shimmered in the rainbow
hues of the nacreous side of a clam shell. Some had small antlers like
their horses, some eyes with nothing but red, others still with golden
scale patterned across their forehead and cheeks.

The only thing that bound them together as a single race was the almost
identical structure of their bodies. They all had the same hyper-lithe
musculature, small, pointed ears, dagger sharp cheek bones and large
eyes set in long, narrow faces. They were all the same height. They were
all the same build. The only definitive distinction between the males
and females were the slight curve in the women's breastplates and the
occasional appearance of facial hair amongst the men. All of them were
armed with crossbows and swords, more ready for a war than a hunt.

They were not the only beings either.

There were others on foot, but they were not elves, and in fact Harry
could not readily identify them. Their arms were skeletal thin with
fingers containing an extra joint, bulging thighs and cloven hooves, and
appeared to be covered with short layer of thick green and brown moss
except for a neat strip of naked gray flesh from their eyebrows to their
unclothed sex. Their black eyes were enormous in proportion to their
head and their noses were tiny.

They had no mouths. None that Harry could see from his perch, but it
gave them a sinister quality. Creatures without mouths required special
means to sustain themselves, and these means were often the things of
nightmares. More than the eager, calculating gaze of the elves, the
primitive hunger in those soulful black eyes frightened him.

He made a note to himself that they fled quickly in the presence of
Stratus' fire spell.

Indeed, they scampered away rapidly in a panic, but the elves maintained
their positions even as the their mounts danced away from the flames
under foot. Amongst them, only a single rider actually moved forward,
clothed in scarlet and without armor, the enchantress stood out as
unusual even amongst her varied kin.

She was an elf... or maybe she wasn't. She was not the same breed as the
others in any case. She looked almost human, if not for the rainbow
sheen in her raven hair and the solid black line that ran from her
bottom lip to the underside of chin and down her neck where it
disappeared into the rim of her breastplate. She was fairy-tale
beautiful. Perfectly pale skin, perfectly large electric blue eyes, a
cupid's bow mouth with naturally red lips, and a body that... well...a
very nice body.

Harry couldn't help but stare. She caught his gaze for a moment, and
smiled at him with warm affection rather than the murderous intent she
had been displaying up to this point.

Definitely, the Enchantress, he thought.

Stratus let his curse fly the moment he identified her. It flew straight
and true, and Harry cried out in alarm and nearly threw himself at the
man. Irrationally, he did not want her to be hurt. He needn't have
worried. With a wave of her wand, which was made of silver rather than
wood, she destroyed the curse causing the air to shimmer for a moment in
a red haze. In the same moment, the blazing fire around them
extinguished and the mist lunged forward to conceal the hunters once
again.

The soldiers stood at the edge of the cliff, searching for some clue as
to what they would do next or discern where they were intending to move.
Harry searched for another sign of the enchantress.

His sign came as an arrow, and this time he obeyed his instinct to throw
himself at Stratus. He took the man completely by surprise and succeeded
in knocking him to the ground. The arrow missed them both by a hair, but
continued straight on, nicking Kern in the arm as it passed.

"What the hell!" Kern swore.

"Put up the damn shield!" Kinglsey shouted.

"It *is* up! It's up, it's up, I swear!" a Cultie shouted back.

Harry rolled off of Stratus, who blinked owlishly at him.

"You saved my life."

"Yep," was all Harry said, and cast a shield charm. A second arrow
sailed right through it, barely missing Kingsley. Everyone quickly moved
away from the edge of the cliff, including Lysander who had just cleared
the top with the injured Guppy slung over his shoulder. "Running would
probably be a good idea now."

Again they were running, faster now than was safe or reasonable. They
only had a little further to go and they could leave this nightmare
before anything worse happened. They had bought a little time, as the
faeries would either have to climb the hill themselves or go around, but
it wouldn't be much.

"How are they shooting through our shields?" Kinglsey demanded.

"It's mistletoe," Stratus said, "The arrows are made out of mistletoe.
They can fly right through most magical shields.[^125-1]"

"Seriously? How the hell didn't I know that?"

"How many witches and wizard still use bows and arrows while fighting?
Even faeries rarely use them. Holly is poisonous to them. The
Enchantress is the probably the only one carrying, and she's plenty
enough to deal with."

Harry mentally cataloged this information away. He was trained with a
bow and arrow, although by no means a master, and this was something he
might use in the future. If he survived this encounter, of course. Just
as he was thinking of possible applications for it, Kern suddenly
stopped running. Immediately, he fell behind, and Lysander's second
werewolf drew back to check him. A moment later there was a shout for
help.

Harry tried to stop, but Stratus grabbed his arm and pulled him along.

"He's hurt!"

"He's dead," Stratus stated clinically. "That arrow that cut him was
poisoned."

"What?"

There was a moment of horrible realization. That arrow had been meant
for Stratus, and while Harry's move had saved the lieutenant, it had
doomed Kern in the process. He tried to stop again to jerk free of the
man's grip, but he wouldn't let go and Kingsley took his other arm as
soon as he realized what he was trying to do.

"There is nothing you can do for him, and you'll only put the rest of us
in danger if you try,"\
the Sentinel insisted. "You can feel bad about it later, but right now-"

From above, Harry spotted the merlin from before swooping by overhead.

"Incoming!" he shouted, and ground beneath them surged, knocking their
party off its feet. One of the Culties thrown several feet and smashed
against a tree, and collapsed in a heap at its base. Harry was pulled
out of both his guardians' grip and tossed aside, the others similarly
scattered and unbalanced. He tried to right himself, but the earth was
still moving beneath him, and he watched with horror as an enormous hand
appeared from the tossed soil. It reached for him, easily five times
larger than a normal hand, and he pulled his legs away quickly. Unable
to reach him yet, the arm swung around in search of another victim, and
snagged Titanhorn by his cloak. The squadron leader shouted and
struggled to remove the cloak, but a second arm broke through and seized
him by the leg. Then there was one last subterranean surge and their
attacker emerged in a monolith of flesh and dirt.

It was easily as tall as a troll, but it form was less hulking, more
muscle than fat, with dirt encrusted skin drawn tight over it. Standing,
it was at least least twelve feet tall, and if that wasn't intimidating
enough its head was completely concealed by a black helm without a
single hole for seeing or breathing, only a pair of ram-shaped horns
spiraling out of it.

"What the devil..." some one swore.

The helm immediately swiveled to the speaker, and it lurched forward to
grab at him with his free left hand while carrying Titanhorn along like
a doll in the other. Curses were immediately fired; fire and freezing
and cutting and bludgeoning curses but the giant only roared beneath its
encasement and swung his massive fist in a one great sweep. Two Culties
were hit in the swing, one of them a glancing blow that never the less
sent her spinning the other directly, the force and speed of it enough
kill the second wizard instantly. Harry had already been crouched behind
a tree, and felt splinters raining down on him where the fist had
smashed smashed into the wood.

Meanwhile, Titanhorn still hanging from the monster's grip, cast a
spell, not on the giant but on his leg causing the limb to become slick.
Immediately, he slid out of its grip, and tried to flee, but the giant
reach for and caught him a second time. He cast the Slicking Charm again
on his chest this time and fell out of his grip again. Frustrated, the
giant made several more tries for him, but always he slipped free until
he escaped completely by jumping through the split trunk of a large elm.

Enraged, it bellowed furiously at the ensemble, which was now scattered
in a loose circle around it, trying to find some weakness. Harry kept
his place hidden behind the tree, trying to figure out how any of them
where going to get away from it. Every time anyone spoke or move it
lunged for them, and only their numbers had kept it's attention
scattered enough for them to avoid being taken.

It was like the dogs, Harry realized. It was meant only to break their
defensive position and slow them down until the true hunters arrived.
Already, he could here the pounding of hooves, the concealing wall of
fog closing in on them from a distance. He looked around the group for
Kingsley and Stratus, but only Kingsley spotted him from his hiding
position. He signaled him with urgent gestures that they needed to move,
which only earned him a 'well, duh' look in return. He tried to gesture
that they needed a distraction, but it only confused the man, and while
they were busy trying signal their communications the giant was starting
to move again.

It strode back to the disturbed mound of earth he had first appeared
from, and shoved a fist into the ground, then with a massive heave he
pulled loose a weapon even taller than he was. It was a sword, but
shaped strangely like am elongated meat cleaver. Although it had to have
weighed over two hundred pounds at least, the giant gave it a practice
swing with only one hand and cleaved the tree Harry was hiding behind in
half. The aim was high, but it startled him badly and he couldn't stop
the shout of surprise as the blade passed a scant few inches above his
head. Immediately, a great hand reached for him. He jerked away even as
the tree began to fall, aided by a nudge of the giant's shoulder.

He looked up to see the tree tilt and then rapidly descend in a
deafening crash, and he was forced to leap back closer to the giant to
avoid behind crushed. The noise seemed to have disoriented the behemoth,
and rather than take Harry instantly, it felt around the ground blindly
for several seconds. Harry realized it was completely blind, and relied
on hearing and touch alone.

Not that it would do him any good now that it was practically on top of
him.

A rock the size of bludger suddenly smashed into the giant's head, and
bounced off with a *clang.*It straightened, turning to the source of the
attack. The trapped Gryffindor dared a peek over the fallen tree to see
Stratus levitating another rock with his wand, a moment later hurling it
towards the giant, this time striking it in the chest. It grunted at the
impact, then roared, charging towards his enemy.

"Get out of here, Harry! I can handle this one on my own!" he shouted
before dashing into the trees with the giant hot on his immediately ran
towards the closest fallen soldier, and found him dead. He went to
another, this one who had been thrown into a tree. Unconscious, and
bleeding profusely from his ears and nose, he felt little hope for him.
The third who had caught a glancing blow was curled on the ground,
struggling to breathe.

"Arespheare has broken ribs," Kingsley said, "He can't be moved."

"Well, we can't leave him here!" another Cultie snapped, then quickly
looked over her shoulder to make sure the giant hadn't heard them and
decided to turn around. Harry watched for a moment, but the giant soon
disappeared in the encroaching mist, and he could only mark its progress
by the sudden fall of a tree. Already, he felt a sense of grief for the
man who had saved his life.

It was only a matter of time before it caught its prey.

---

Tom was feeling decidedly stupid and aggravated with himself, as he dove
to clear a falling tree. He landed roughly on his chest and stomach,
felt a distinct ache in his ribs were a small stone had jabbed him, but
rose quickly to his feet again. The fallen tree bought him a moment as
the helmet giant climbed over it, but it was already far too close for
comfort. It was a stupid thing, and Tom had tricked it twice by casting
spells that caused distracting sounds away from him, but it was starting
to catch on. Even so he felt he should have figured out some weakness in
it by now, aside for its general dimness, but had been too pressed to
avoid being cut in half or crushed in a massive fist to think of
anything useful.

What had he been thinking drawing the creature away himself? He could
have easily cast an Imperius Curse on one of the soldiers and had them
distract the creature. It hadn't occurred to him at the time, honestly,
although now he could think of nothing else. When it happened his only
thought was 'it's going to kill Harry' and that was as far as his
intelligence had extended itself. Now he was alone and left to fight off
the seemingly impervious behemoth and he had only himself (and perhaps
Harry to a certain extent) to blame for it. The enchanted mist had
closed in around him, causing beads of moisture to form over him and
dampen his clothes in an unpleasant chill. It also reduced his
visibility to only about fifteen feet ahead or behind him, making
strategical planning difficult when he had no way of knowing what to
expect ahead of him and where the giant was behind him (except during
those rather panic inducing moments where he *could*see it and that
meant it was too damn close). To make matters worse, he knew the elves
were somewhere close, even if he could not see or hear them yet.
Hopefully, they couldn't see him either, although they were making
enough noise he didn't see how they couldn't find him easy enough.

He was not particularly attached to his current body, but the positioned
he obtained while in it was something he did not wished to abandon. It
had been incredible good fortune, and he had abandoned too many plans
already just as they seemed to be making progress. He could... he
*would* keep this body. The dumb brute was not going to be his undoing.

"*Silencio!*"

Immediately, the world went on mute. The helmet giant hesitated
mid-swing only few yards away from him. Tom sighed in relief, took a
moment to catch his breath, and really think for a moment. The monster
seemed impervious to spells cast directly on it. In fact, although he
doubted anyone else had noticed, they seemed to be actively absorbed by
it, making it stronger. This is the only reason Tom had hesitated with
using the Killing Curse. Faeries were not like wizards, seeing as they
were already half spirit, and life and death had completely different
meanings to them. It was like comparing sleep and waking and the hundred
states of consciousness between. There was no telling what state the
creature was in and if the Killing Curse didn't kill it, then it very
well might have made it unstoppable.

What did that leave him then, if he could not cast spells on it?

Perhaps he could just slip away under the Silencing charm? Did he dare
let it out of his sight. What if it left the sphere of the charm to hunt
him down and he was unable to see it coming in the mist? It was a risk
he-

The giant swung pulled back and made another swing with his sword, and
Tom was forced to duck yet again. The charm shattered under an unseen
magical force, and the area was flooded with the sound of bird song and
distant sound of pounding hooves. What the bloody-

*Snap!*

The helmet swiveled towards him, and he looked down to see the twig
broken beneath his heel. Well, that was just typical. There was another
bellowing roar and the monster charge him again, eating up the distance
between them in two massive strides. Muttering a spell, Tom jumped,
flying several meters in the air before landing sideways half way up the
trunk of a large, gnarled oak. His feet stuck to the side, and he back
up into the branches several feet to get out of range. The giant's
brilliant response, rather than cutting down the tree, was to put the
sword down, wrap its arms around it, and shake it vigorously. This only
succeeded in shaking free a number of acorns and making Tom vaguely
nauseous.

In a change of fortune, the oak, which was very large but suffering
maladies that were not improved by shaking, shed one of its limbs. Tom
managed to avoid the branch, and watched with a great deal of
satisfaction when it landed on the giant's head. There was loud
*clang,*the giant lurched, the branch was tossed aside by a clumsy arm,
but it left behind a sizable dent and the creature weaved dizzily. Tom's
eyes widened in realization.

Of course! The giant might have been impervious to magic cast against
it, but that didn't mean he was impervious to physical objects. He
quickly cast a transfiguration spell on several limbs of the tree,
transforming the half rotten branches into sleek, heavy javelins.
Meanwhile, the behemoth had over come its disorientation, and sensing
his prey was up to something, it let out an angry bellow and reached for
its sword.

Tom broke the javelins free the of the trunk and let them fly.

The result was... satisfying. The wooden spears caught the giant
cleanly, throwing it down and pinning it to the earth like a mounted
butterfly. It made no sound but spasmed in its death throes, which
lingered long enough for Tom to climb back down the tree, and continued
when he carefully pulled the giant sword free of its hand. He danced
aside as the enormous blade fell over, nearly crushing him as it went.
He calculated the possibility of keeping it as a war trophy, a shrinking
charm and feather lite charm would make it transportable, but honestly
he wasn't sure where he could keep it. Maybe Harry could find a place
for it in Hogwarts.

Harry.

"*Tabula locus*Harry Potter."

His wand spun atop his hand three times before stopping to point due
North, and a series of floating numbers indicated the boy was moving but
still much too close to have successfully apparated away yet. He still
might have been close enough to see if it weren't for the cursed fog. He
cast a feather lite charm on the sword and hefted it over his shoulder.
He would keep it at its full size for the moment, he decided, just in
case he ran into some other magic resistant species. Besides, it would
look damn impressive when he caught up with his group, and wasn't above
showing off a little.

He was taken by surprise when a masculine voice carried through the fog.

"*Almes ne natur, mishas skure*."

"*Celoxis!*"he shouted, aiming his curse at the shadow in the mist. The
mist parted for a moment under the force of the spell, revealing no one,
before rolling back into a concealing sheet.

"*Oohh... sushu ri ne nasis!*"

*"Celoxis!*"

The curse missed, and the shadow retreated. It laughed, but Tom didn't
waste another spell.

"Show yourself," he demanded. "Unless you fear me?"

It was an obvious ruse, but there were faeries whose pride would not let
them overlook the insult. The laughter stopped, and after a moment the
voice returned, this time speaking in English.

"Indeed. You have proven yourself quite formidable. No wizard has slain
a *fermedi* in nearly six hundred years. I hope our fight proves
entertaining."

This time when Tom turned towards the voice, its owner's visage made
itself known, the mist slowly shying away from him. It was an elf, of
the same breed as the ones he had seen in the forest, but strange in
that he appeared almost devoid of any eccentric features. Raven black
hair, bright blue eyes, and pale skin. Not a scale or an antler to be
seen at all, and the affect some how made him look almost child-like in
comparison to his extravagant kinsmen. Though if you took the comparison
away, there was nothing child-like about him. He was tall, almost
handsome except his elven cheekbones made his features a touch too
sharp, with eyes that knew murder and a mouth that had smiled while
committing it.

He was touched by the same regal grace of the others, but even here it
was somehow corrupted by a predator's coiled tension. His hunting attire
was black, unarmored except for the arm guards, which shone silvery and
nacreaus, the tell-tale sign of mithral, and a helm of the same
material, which he was now holding under his arm. The black clothing
marked him has a person of rank within his court. The mithral marked him
as the king.

He knew this elf.

"Gulandri?" Tom said, taken off guard.

The elf tilted his head curiously.

"Have we met?"

Tom mentally slapped himself. Of course the elf wouldn't recognize him,
not in this body. He doubted it would serve him any better if he had.

"In another life, perhaps," he said.

Gulandri continued to stare at him curiously for a moment, trying to
figure out where they might have known each other. Nothing came to him,
and he slipped his hand into a fold in his clothes to remove an object
roughly the size of a Snitch. Tom recognized this too, and felt an
instant swell of greed for it.

It was a stone; black, triangular, polished smoothed by a millennium of
fast running water, and a perfectly round hole at its center that should
have been completely impossible in nature. It was known to be the
powerful, naturally occurring object known in any faerie or human realm
combined.

The elves called it *frrykshimini.*Wizard's called it the 'All Seeing
Eye'.

Gulandri lifted the stone to peer at him through the hole. Tom
stiffened, knowing his secrets were being stripped from him instantly.
The elf pulled the stone away and looked at him with recognition.

"Ah. *You.*"

"If you say so. *Celoxis!*"

If there was one thing that elves had going for them, and in fact they
had many things, the most useful to them was likely their quickness. Not
only was Gulandri able to avoid his curse, he was able to draw his
weapon, a short curved blade sharpened on both sides, and was nearly on
top of him before the wizard was able to cast another. Tom managed to
lift the enormous sword he had taken from the *fermedi* to block a
lethal strike. The elven blade sunk nearly half way through the crude
metal before it became stuck. The half-second it bought him, Tom used to
cast another spell, which the elf dodged again but at the expense of
leaving his blade lodged in Tom's.

"Well played, wicked child," he said, once again disappearing into the
mists, his voice ringing out in every direction. "You have disarmed me."

There was a mocking humor to the tone that made Tom think he was being
ironic.

"*Ordoro lumus* Gulandri Le' Espirriur." he cast, a small red sphere of
light appearing from his wand, and zipping into the mist to his left.

"Oh good, you remember my full name. *Erisshkyr nimish!*"

What the hell? A conjurer? Since when?

The elven spell rebounded off Tom's hastily thrown up shield charm, but
threw him off balance. Gulandri followed up his attack by charging
forward, the tracking orb trailing behind as it struggled to keep up
with its target. The kick to the gut sent Tom sprawling, winded, to the
ground. The second kick to his side left him curled about his bruised
ribs. The third kick he caught, held, and let loose a Killing Curse.

The elf threw up his arms instinctively to block, but it was useless.
Elves were more 'alive' than spirit amongst the fae. The spell would
destroy him. Inwardly, Tom crowed at his victory already assured. A
giant and an elven king, all in one day. They were going to throw him a
fucking parade when he got home.

He had let go of Gulandri to keep from absorbing any residual feedback
from the curse, and the elf stumbled back several paces before stopping.
Before stopping, and lowering his arms to stare down at him with an
amused smirk. Tom's eyes widened horror.

*Merlin, the mithral.* *I didn't factor in the mirthral.*

Mithral absorbed magic. It was a major magical component in the Sword of
Gryffindor, allowing it to absorb only that which made it stronger. Even
in that great sword, there had only been a small amount. Gulandri's arm
guards and helmet, however, could be very near pure. But to absorb the
Killing Curse... how...?

"That," the elf said, his voice thick with pleasure, "was very, *very*
naughty."

He made a show of moving forward slowly, as if to make himself a more
tempting target. Tom was still too transfixed by his survival to do
anything other than stare. The elf stopped only when he was once again
standing over him.

"Do it again."

---

Harry took stock of their situation. Kern was dead, along with the
second Cultie whose name escaped him, Stratus was chased into the
wilderness, Guppy was wounded and unable to fight, Lysander wasn't able
to do much while carrying her, another werewolf had already been sent
away, Aresphere couldn't even be moved, and they had another who was
unconscious and unlikely to survive. The mist was closing in swiftly,
and with it their clever enemy. That left ten fighters, and some very
tough decisions to make.

"How far to the idol?" he asked.

"Twenty yards."

"Can we levitate our wounded?"

"Yes, but even if we get to the idol *they* can't apparate."

"How many here can do side-along apparation?"

Only Kingsley and Titanhorn raised their hands. It was something.

"Okay then, secure the wounded and fall back into formation. You have
thirty seconds."

Without Stratus there, no one questioned this new shift in command, even
if did happen to fall on the shoulders of a sixteen year old boy. It
wasn't a time for questions. They just wanted to get out of there, with
as many of them alive as possible. Kingsley took care of Aresphere,
levitating her into the center of their formation with the unconscious
wizard and Lysander still carrying Guppy. Harry took up a side position,
while Kinsgley led, being their unofficial navigator for their retreat.

The mist was now only twenty feet on either side of them, and they could
make out the half formed shadows moving inside, and soon the soft
*clumpf-clumpf* of hooves against the soft forest floor and the shuffle
of bare feet over leaves. Their party moved as silently as they were
followed, their wands drawn and their eyes riveted to the mist. Harry's
breath quickened with every step closer to the idol. Did the enemy know
that their escape was near? If they did, would they allow them to escape
or make one last attack?

Why were they even attacking them? Lysander had said the fae might come
after him specifically, but this battle felt far from personal. And why
kill them? Were they inherently against Harry's group or just wizards in
general? Didn't fae prefer to take their victims alive to bring them
into their fold? None of this made sense to him.

He could only wonder these things for a short time, before they drew so
close to the idol that all Harry could think of was how many thing could
go wrong. The mist hovered in a ring around them, leaving him feeling
trapped. The feeling of eyes upon him made him sweat. His palms were
slick, but he didn't dare lower his wand to rubbed them dry on his
cloak. No sign of weakness, not even for a split second. Not when they
were *so* close.

"We're here," Kingsley whispered, and they all tensed, as if expecting
his declaration to trigger an attack. Nothing happened, and after a
moment, he spoke again. "We should go altogether."

"This doesn't feel right," Harry said.

No one said anything for a moment, too afraid to stay or attempt to
leave.

"Yeah," Titanhorn said at last, "This does kind of feel like a trap."

And then the mist began to retreat rapidly, the clear circle around them
dilating into a wider one. Harry had known they were being followed and
he hadn't even attempted to guess the numbers, but what ever number he
might have come up with it would not have been the one he saw before
them. The fifteen odd mounted elves had tripled, and they were joined by
still more elf or elf-like peoples mounted on horses or deer, or in one
case a unnaturally large wolf. The mouthless fiends had been joined by a
number of other creatures; goat-headed phookas, saw-toothed bogles,
goodfellows and pucks leering at them between the legs of the mounts,
and scattered about them were the more civilized young elves dressed in
the heraldry of their masters or holding back a eager white hound with a
touch of its hand.

Fear. Harry had known it intimately since becoming a wizard, and it
would be a lie to say he hadn't felt this particular type before. He had
known it when facing the dragon. He had known it when facing the
basilisk and the grindylows. He had even known it in the presence of the
Dark Lord. But he had never faced any of those things with such an
absolute certainty of death before.

Harry stared out at the sea of faces, and they stared back with the full
range of emotion from pity to amusement to pure loathing. He did not
move. They did not move. The moment stretched and still no attack and no
retreat.

What were they waiting for?

Then by some cue, which Harry was not privy to, Titanhorn apparated away
with Aresphere and an audible *pop.* There was a collective start
amongst Harry's group and momentary panic, but from the crowd there was
no reaction at all.

"Don't apparate," Kingsley said quickly. "There's something wrong."

"Then what the bloody hell *do* we do?" Lysander growled.

There was another *pop* and Titanhorn was there again... most of him at
least. Harry only dared the briefest glance towards him, but what he saw
left him swallowing back his own vomit. Of Aresphere there was noting to
be seen, but of the squadron leader there was only segments of a whole
fallen motionless to the ground; large, bloodless pieces of himself
missing. Harry had heard of splinching, everyone who learned to apparate
did, but the splinching while practicing in an open field and splinching
while attempting to apparate while under a powerful anti-apparation ward
were two totally different things. As horrible as it was to think, Harry
hoped the man the dead and that it wasn't shock that sustained his
wretched silence.

Tittering laughter ran through the crowd of fae on the ground, scattered
amongst the perpetually and often cruelly amused goodfellows and puck.
Harry leveled a glare at one, and it let out a little *eep* and hid
behind a satyr. The elves which had been sitting stoically on their
mounts, suddenly stirred, turning their attention to a certain point in
their crowd. Reluctantly, he followed their line of sight.

The Enchantress moved forward, stepping out of the mist that lingered at
the party's edge, and everyone before her moved respectfully out of her
way. He noticed for the first time that she wore a quiver of arrows and
a short bow over her shoulder, and that she was not in fact an elf. Her
pale skin held the faintest pattern of scales to it, that could only be
seen when the light caught it just right, and there was no pointed tip
to her ears.

She was a naga.

"Welcome, wayward adventurers," she greeted warmly, her voice musical
and soft, like a gently pluck harp. "To this Twilight Court, you have
proven your noble character in the eyes of my people, and I invite you
to dine at my Master's table with a banquet in your honor. Please lower
your wands, and you will have nothing more to fear from us."

No one said anything. She looked around expectantly.

"Have you no reply?"

Again, no one spoke. What could they say? She had just tried to kill
them and was now inviting them to dinner. She was either crazy or this
was a trick. Maybe both.

After another silent moment, she seemed to think of something.

"Who among you is the leader?"

Harry reflexively turn to Kinglsey, only to find the man looking at
him... as well as the werewolves and the rest of the squadron. Well,
that was just *fantastic*. He took a deep breath and let it out, then
turned towards her. He took a few steps forward, placing himself between
her and his people.

"I suppose I am... since you seem to have killed the last two."

"One."

Harry just looked at her.

"We only killed the one, and technically speaking he killed himself when
he tried to escape. He would have been perfectly fine if he hadn't
attempted to abandon you while you were surrounded."

He was seriously tempted to point out that Titanhorn had tried to save
Aresphere, not himself, and that he had no reason to think they couldn't
escape just as easily as he could... or thought he could. However,
something else she said was more important to him than defending the
honor of dead man he barely knew.

"Stratus is alive?"

"The man who cast the fire spell? I do believe so. My Master was most
impressed with him, and went out to meet him in person. I suspect he
will survive this night and join us at the banquet table. Will you not
put up your weapons? You have been tested to the extent that is
necessary, and anything more would only be cruelty on our part."

She was definitely crazy. The question now remained if this was or
wasn't a trick. There was a good chance she was being perfectly honest,
and if that were the case this might be the only opportunity they had to
walk out there alive. Whether alive or dead was the better option was
another question altogether.

"And then you will bring us to your Master's table and we will eat your
faerie food and drink your faerie wine, and we will never be able to
leave your Twilight Court again."

She nodded in agreement.

"Indeed, that is the gentlest Introduction we can offer you. This trial
must have seemed harsh to you, but we are not brutes who delight in your
misery. Your nobility does you credit, especially for one so young, and
I would not see you suffer any more."

Harry felt something stir inside him when she said 'I' instead of 'we',
and he crushed it ruthlessly. She was called an enchantress for a
reason, and he forced himself to remain on his guard and truly think
clearly about what she was saying. The offer into this 'Twilight Court'
was genuine, it had to be, but if it were accepted there was no telling
what the about the end result. Perhaps they would become faeries
themselves, a rainbow selection of the ethereal and the monstrous, or
perhaps they might only become slaves, immortal and bound to the service
of her ladyship's master and his court, or kept as a tithe, a sacrifice
to the Earth itself to secure their own immortality. There were endless
possibilities, endless wonders they might experience and behold and
equally endless horrors. The faerie realms, innumerable and vast, were
not known for making the distinction.

Harry's soul had been forfeit to the Earth the moment he bartered it for
his godfather's life and wore the blessings of at least two goddesses
already, so for him the consequences were already limited to what they
would or could do. Kingsley and the others, however, were not so bound.
Their souls could be torn from them, twisted by magics, or sold to dark
forces.

The Enchantress appeared kind and sympathetic, but already she
demonstrated an inability to comprehend human suffering or reasoning,
and what she might view as a kindness or a reasonable action could
easily lead to an endless hell. So what could he do? His options were
either to fight to the death now or gamble their very souls by playing
along and hoping to be presented with an opportunity to escape later.

He considered his options for several minutes. She did not rush him, and
the fae waited just as patiently. They had all the time in the world. He
looked back at the others, who were not waiting patiently but bound
anxiously in place as they waited for him to decide their fate. He
should ask them what they wanted, he knew, it was only fair, but how
could he expect them to answer a question they didn't fully understand
the consequences of? None but Stratus and Lysander (who was in the same
position as Harry)had seemed to demonstrate any knowledge of the fae or
of the Old Ways. What did they know in this moment aside from an
overwhelming fear for their life and the vague and distant warnings of
childhood faerie tales? His scarred hand began to burn with the
anticipation of battle.

He turned back to the Enchantress, to tell her they would play along for
now, while fully intending to find some means of escape en route. She
was not so easily fooled, however.

"I can see in your eyes you have already made a decision," she said, her
smile fading sadly from her face. "I wish it had not been so."

She lifted her silver wand.

Harry was faster.

"*Coliginus obscuro!*"

Inspired by her spell, he summoned a thick fog to surround not only
himself but his people and their enemy, blinding them all, extending it
outward until it reached the faeries' own enchanted mist.

"Scatter!" he shouted, "Run and scatter and fight like hell!"

And then the true battle began. Lightening flashes of magic burst
through the fog, signaling curses and shields. The fae, which had been
standing so calmly when they thought the battle already won, were now
being thrown into chaos. Flying spells and fleeing prey were forcing
them to move, but they could not see, not the little creatures at their
feet or the large ones bearing down on them. They were as much a danger
to each other as to their intended victims, and Harry hoped his comrades
would take the fullest advantage of that, because he could do no more
for them. Their alliance was at an end and they were responsible for
their own survival now.

He bolted in the direction he judged there were the greatest number of
mounts and least number of smaller fae on the ground, but almost
immediately ran into resistance. A bogle came screaming out at him,
swing his cudgel violently. He met it with a blasting hex that destroyed
the cudgel and sent the creature flying into one of its brothers. A
moment later two more bogles and a phooka similarly armed with sticks
and clubs, and gave them a quick and nasty Shocking Hex, before turning
directions sharply into another part of the crowd. There were several
puck and small hobgoblins here, but they fled with an angry hiss as much
of a fight as they were willing to risk . He continued his blind rush,
bumping unexpectedly into one of the mouthless horrors, but just kept
running rather than stop. It clicked its multi-jointed fingers and gave
chase, but was soon lost as everyone else in the confusion.

Twice he was nearly run over by a mounted rider, six times he was forced
to defend himself with magic, twice he bumped into something and never
learned what it was, three times a spell from a wizard's wand flew
within inches of him, and once he ran into a tree but luckily no one was
around to notice. All around him he could hear screaming and shouting
and panicked animals, and he wondered at how he could have been the
source of it all, but more than that was primal animal fear of being
caught.

He almost didn't notice the steady rhythm of hoof steps charging up
behind him time, and only just managed to duck to the side before being
run down, and then ducked again when the horse-like creature's elven
rider took a swing at him with his sword. The third strike was speared
down at him where he lay prone on the ground. Harry caught it
instinctively with his left hand, and felt the magic lingering there
repel the cut of the blade[^125-2]. The elf jerked it back and ended pulling
Harry back up to his feet, his almond shaped eyes widening when he
didn't take off a few fingers at the same time. The elf, male with a
collection of gnarled twig-like growths for hair, kicked him in the
chest. Harry took the blow with a pained grunt, but lunged again,
catching the sword again his left hand while pointing his wand with this
right.

"*Stupefy,*" he snarled, and elf let go of his hold on the sword and his
mount, and fell in a graceless heap on the ground. The horse panicked,
reared, and Harry dropped the weapon into order to grab hold of its
reigns. It whinnied and bucked in protest, but he managed to climb into
the saddle. He picked a direction at random and kicked the mount into a
quick trot. Fae appeared rapidly, diving out of the way or making
desperate leaps at him, forcing him to cast a spell or a well placed
boot to dislodge them.

On and on it went, a seemingly endless journey through the thick ranks
of creatures, clinging to the possibility of escape when at every turn
there was another and another. He had cuts on his legs were claws and
knives had glanced him and bruises on his arms and shoulder from running
blindly into objects and people. His head ached and his hands burned.
Adrenaline kept him alert, but exhaustion was quickly creeping in.

Finally, the ranks began to thin, imperceptibly at first, but then
seeming all at once. The mist suddenly receded or rather Harry found
himself passing some invisible barrier that it would not or could not
cross. He felt relief at having regained his sense of sight an distance,
but his sense of location was more disoriented than ever. He was not
where he was supposed to be.

He was in a forest, that was certain, and it was both autumn and the
lighter side of twilight, which seemed the proper hour, but that was
where the consistency of where he was and where he had been ended. The
forest he left, while small, was ancient and its trees and its stones
and the very air itself was weighted with age, cluttered with the debris
of centuries passed and swallowing the sky with skeletal grasping limbs.
This forest was young, the trees foreign with small, silvery trunks and
leaves shaped like golden hearts or exploding red fireworks. The sky was
dark blue on one end and brilliant pink and orange clouds on the other.
The air was crisp, but the ground was thick with summer grass and hardy
white and yellow flowers defiant of the autumn frosts grew up between
the disbursed shadows There were birds singing, and it wasn't normally
something he would notice except for its strangeness. Bird song was for
spring and summer, and even if it was early autumn in this place it
struck him as in congruent.

Where ever he was, it wasn't Ireland. At least not Ireland, as he knew
it. The air, the plants, and even the smell was different. He did not
know this place at all. Logic dictated that he go back in the direction
he had come and hope when he emerged next it would be to something
familiar. Looking back at the floating mass of undulating gray shadows
however was like looking into a raging sea under a silencing charm.
Nothing but death awaited him there, or possibly something worse.

He was left unsure of what to do next. He was alone. There was no enemy,
no friend, no battle to fight, no direction preferred so long as it was
not back, no landmarks, no food, no shelter, no night, no day, no injury
that needed his immediate attention, no energy to do so anyway, and no
idea of what to do or if he even had the option of deciding. For many
minutes, he simply sat trying to think of what he*should* be doing,
unable to take action without a goal to obtain or a consequence to
avoid, except to avoid capture or death and there was little enough he
could do intelligently without knowing where he was or where the fae
were.

Were they still looking for him, hunting him? Were they satisfied to
have him in this place where they could pursue him at their leisure? Was
this a faerie realm or somewhere in his own by which the Enchantress'
mist had somehow transported him through? Had anyone else escaped or had
he condemned them all with look in the naga's knowing gaze? Had he given
himself away subconsciously? What resentment or what rebellion had she
seen when she looked at him? If Kingsley had been elected, would things
have played out this way?

"What should I do?" he asked aloud, submitting his inquiry to the
universe. The universe was apparently busy however and ignored him. He
repeated the question to his horse, who wasn't busy but wasn't
interested enough to answer either. "Fine. What would Voldemort do?"

Probably go back into the mist and capture a fae and torture it until he
was led to freedom. Or actually succeed in playing along with the
Enchantress until he got back to their strong hold and then slaughter
everyone. Or call upon some esoteric magic Harry had never heard of
himself. Or...

He pulled out his watch, which had remained his constant and dutiful
companion through every adventure he had ever had as a wizard (except
for the one where he was naked at the werewolf spirit possession
ceremony) and proved itself to be as tenaciously durable as Harry
himself. He flipped it open and carefully removed the gold ring from its
inconspicuous hold along the interior rim of the top cover. It was
perhaps the only true gift the Dark Lord had ever given him. 'To help
keep you from misplacing yourself' he had said. Never was there a
situation where Harry felt more displaced than now. He placed it over
the watch face.

He didn't understand exactly how the location ring worked, but it was
not like a locating charm, which only worked for locating a particular
thing or place within a certain distance. The locating ring worked
anywhere and regardless of distance or at least it had in his own realm.
He would find out now just how far its magical ability extended.

"Traleefore."

The short hand swung about three times and paused between the 3 and 4
and settled. This was the north hand. Harry checked the sunset and
confirmed that where ever he was it had a north that was in the same
position as it was at home. The long hand, the locating hand, jiggled
back and forth for several more seconds before finally settling firmly
on the 5. Harry was both confused and relieved that it wasn't pointing
at the fog but a few degrees from parallel to it.

"Kingsley," he said.

The second hand swung immediately in the direction of the fog. His
protector was alive then, but in what condition? Injured? Captured?
There was little Harry could do against the fae army, where both terrain
and numbers favored them, but still he needed to do
*something,*anything, no matter how trivial or futile.

"*Expecto patronum!*"

The patronus appeared in a burst of dazzling light from his wand,
startling his mount so he had to struggle to remain seated. The ghostly
stag lingered only long enough to glance at its summoner before bounding
into the mist. The guilt eased a little as he watched the ethereal glow
fade. At the very least, if Kingsley or the other Culties lived and
remained free they could follow his patronus out of the mists and follow
Harry's path to where ever it was he found himself riding. It was a slim
chance, but it was something. Harry could not wait around to see if
worked. The fae were just as likely to follow the beacon of light to him
as his comrades. More so even, and staying where he was wasn't a good
idea anyway.

This was a logical stand point, but not one he felt emotionally.
Something about the half lighted world invoked a mood and mindset of
stillness, inviting him to simply stay exactly where he was and stare at
the brilliantly painted sky and listen to the surrounding birdsong, to
think or not think about anything and everything. He didn't know if this
was a natural response to the fatigue and the illusion of safety the
place provided or another form of enchantment to keep mortals who
wandered in from attempting to run out again. He overcompensated the
mental lull by kicking his mount into a run. The ground was unusually
clear of hazards and with no trees suddenly lifting a root or gliding
into their path or any sign of pursuit by the fae ,their speed was
impressive. Harry was no expert on horses and this creature was
completley foreign to him, but he knew that what he was riding was of
excellent breeding by the smooth, powerful movements beneath him and the
unlabored breathing as it ate up miles with its unflagging pace.

When the mount finally did slow it was not due to fatigue. They reached
a small creek, or a large spring, and stopped. '*Heed my words though.
If ya find yerself following the edge of a spring, turn back the way ye
came,'*the village elder had said. A moment of nerves reminded him he
was due to take another dose of his anti-anxiety potion, but he he held
off. If there was ever a place to feel nervous this was it. Should he go
back the way he had come as the old man suggested, or had he been
referring to some other spring as Harry couldn't imagine how he would
have known of this one and even if it was the same spring he had been
forewarned about were the circumstances dire enough to disregard the
advice? He couldn't judge objectively at this point. His own hydrophobia
was practically screaming at him to stay as far away from the water's
edge as possible.

He checked his watch, which pointed mercilessly across the spring
without wavering.

"It is what it is," he said to himself, and turned his mount upstream to
look for a likely crossing point or even a bridge. It wasn't until a few
minutes later that Harry became aware that the sun still hadn't set yet.
In fact, after nearly an hour, it did not appear to have moved at all.
Strange.

He did not have long to ponder on the phenomenon when he came to a
likely crossing point. The spring widened, becoming shallower, and
either side of its banks was lined with shallow slope of rocky sand that
would make entering and exiting the water easy. About the only potential
hazard he could see was the over abundance of cattails and reeds
springing up on either side that they might get tangled in. He steered
towards the crossing point, but the animal became reluctant as they came
close to the water, and drew back.

"Ssshhh, hey now, what's this? You're a spoiled thing," he said
soothingly, rubbing its long, flexible neck gently. "Don't tell me
you're afraid to get your hooves wet?"

"You do not seem any more eager than she does to brave the water."

Harry reeled back sharply with one hand and brought out his wand with
the other, spinning them both around to face the voice's source. Seated
upon her own horse-like mount not twenty feet away, was the Enchantress.
Despite the chaos he had caused before, she appeared completely
unaffected by the event, staring at him with that same serene
expression. Her bow and arrows were at her back, but she still held her
wand in the open, held lightly in the hand she had folded elegantly over
her the horn of her saddle. Standing against a backdrop of sunset, she
looked even more beautiful than he remembered, and if he wasn't in very
real fear of his life he thought he could stay there and just admire her
for hours. Instead, he prepared himself to do battle.

"My friends?" he demanded with more confidence than he felt.

"They are in our custody. Your efforts were admirable, but in vain."

Guilt and dread sunk their claws into his psyche at her words, but he
forced himself to remain focused on the here and now.

"Admirable?" he scoffed. "Did I not attempt to abandon my friends while
they were surrounded? That seemed to be a crime worthy of death last
time we spoke."

"You made the effort to save them as well as yourself. The opportunity
and risk you took was equal to theirs, and when you saw that you had
escaped and they had not, you sent back help. Your spirit familiar is
beautiful, by the way."

He mouth felt suddenly dry. She looked at him steadily and read his
thoughts like a book.

"He is untouched. He disappeared when there was nothing that could be
done for your people."

He quickly turned his eyes away. He felt none of the strange pressure
against his mind that signaled an legilimens, but her uncanny ability to
read him was unsettling.

"So what now?" he asked. "I won't simply let you take me. I can't."

"Yes, and I cannot let you go without one last entreaty," she said, all
gentle compassion. "Please do not fight us. It breaks my heart to see
you fear me."

And he felt his heart break for her, because he could tell that she
meant it. She did not want to do this to him, but some duty bound her to
this calling. He pitied her and hated himself for the weakness.

"Do not draw on me, my lady," he said, the old fashioned endearment
strange and yet apt somehow, "And I will not fear you or attempt to harm
you."

"But you will run?"

"I must. There are people I care about waiting for me."

"A lover?" she asked, and still managed to sound innocent while doing
so.

"I am a little young for that," he said, and found himself smiling,
before he caught himself doing it and twisted it back into a scowl. "You
are delaying me intentionally. I am leaving."

"I will not draw upon you," she said, as he began to back his horse away
from her. "If you give me a kiss."

He froze. What trickery was this? He looked around quickly to see if
someone was pointing a bow at him. There was no one he could see, but
that meant very little in this place.

"What? Why would you want that?"

"My name is Selufiare, and as you may have deduced I am an enchantress
of the realm of Hausteheim[^125-3]. A kiss is a very powerful thing to my
kind. I can divine your past and your future with only a kiss or learn
your deepest desire."

"Or become my deepest desire? How am I to know what sort of spell I will
fall under?" he asked, carefully withdrawing closer to the water's edge.
He didn't know how he would cross it without turning his back to her,
but the longer he stayed in her presence the more dangerous things
seemed to become.

"My kiss would also allow you safe passage through Hausteheim."

He just stared at her.

"You are trying to trick me."

"I do not lie."

"You can trick someone without lying to them. I am going. For both our
sakes, don't draw your wand."

The look she gave him was heartbreaking, and she looked away and wiped a
tear away. Harry, despite saying he would go, stopped to watched her,
mesmerized.

"I will not fight you. That is not my my purpose. Please remember I
tried to spare you this."

She turned her mount and as she did, whatever enchantment she had held
over him fell away and he could see they had not been alone. A short
distance behind her was an elf... or something. He held the same build
and facial structure of the elves he had seen previously, but lacked any
unusual physiology. His hair was black and tied back from pale face and
eyes an intense electric blue. The more Harry looked, the more similar
the elf resembled Selufiare, and though they were a different species he
suspected there was some form of kinship between them.

Whatever relation they were to each other, their similarities ended at
their physical appearance. There was nothing resembling compassion in
his eyes, only a cruel amusement that he had seen on the face of another
a thousand times before. Harry kicked his mount and turned it towards
the spring, only to have it rear up beneath him. Caught off guard, he
was thrown and landed heavily on his back and side. The horse nearly
trampled him a moment later as it ran past him and back into the forest.
Winded and disoriented, he rolled onto all fours, and immediately
started looking for his wand.

His hand closed on something long, thin, and radiating magic but it
wasn't his wand. It was a hand or some equivalent of one, composed of
what looked to be reeds, and it was attached to a an equally thin and
brittle arm and that arm was attached to the body of a very naked, pale
green tinted woman. Her enormous black eyes blinked guilelessly at him
for a moment, her pretty pointed face seemingly perplexed. Then she
smiled wide with her razor sharp teeth, and grabbed *his* hand. A
shellycoat[^125-4], one of the innumerable breeds of water faeries that made
drowning humans their habit. He jerked back, but her hold was
unbreakable and she dragged him towards the thick cluster of reeds that
must have been her hiding spot.

As he thrashed and struggled to pull back, he felt the magic of
Gryffidnor's sword surge into his palm, and brought it around to swipe
at her like an angry cat. The shellycoat screamed in pain, a croaky,
inhuman sound, and released him or rather withdrew from him as her
severed hand was still gripping firmly to his. He shook it free
violently and then made another swipe at her with his hand, but she was
already disappearing into the water and was swimming further down
stream. Seeing she was gone, he tried searching for his wand again, and
found the distraction had allowed the mysterious elf from before to
close in. He was now standing only a few feet away, and holding Harry's
wand.

"That was... interesting..." the elf said, his voice vaguely mocking.
His elven features were somewhat more muted up close, making him look
more exotic than alien to his human eyes, but there was something... off
about him. The young wizard was reminded inexplicably of the Dark Lord
yet again, and that wasn't in anyway comforting. "I have not seen a
magical ability such as that before. I should like to test it."

From a sheath at his back, the elf drew his blade and swung it down.
Harry blocked it with his 'sword hand' instinctively, but his position
was bad, and he was knocked off balance. He rolled to avoid the second
strike, and threw a handful of pebbles at his attacker's face to buy the
two seconds he needed to get to his feet. The third strike missed, and
it caught him across the left arm. The stumbled backwards, and the elf
let him, watching him with that same amused expression as the pain
eventually registered. It had all happened so quickly, but even so the
elf seemed to be holding back. To be testing him or just mocking him.

"Ugh..." Harry moaned, then grit his teeth as pain flared in his arm.
His eyes suddenly widened, recalling Kern's unenviable fate. "Have you
poisoned me?"

The elf gave him an annoyed look.

"Poisoning is a woman's sport."

Faeries were weird, the Gryffindor decided.

"And who are you, if you don't mind my asking?" he said, trying to hide
his agony with a light tone but only managed to sound sarcastic instead.
This didn't bother the elf in the slightest.

"Oh, travelers these days, they really should know a little more about
the places they are going to. I am Gulandri Le' Espirriur, the Twilight
King, master of Hausteheim, and father to the fair lady you have become
so enamored of," he introduced, making a courtly gesture towards his
daughter, who was carefully looking away from them both. "And you are
the irascible little devil who has been causing my people a great deal
of strife. I shall enjoy breaking you."

Finally on his feet, Harry managed to dodge the next swing by ducking
behind a tree and attempted a strike of his own, but Gulandri proved
faster and was on him again in a two step move, nicking him on the cheek
this time. Harry made a run towards the river, but only made it the edge
before another blow caught him across the back. He fell forward into a
collection of reeds and wrist deep water. The shock of it left him half
collapsed and staring down at his own blood staining the water red.

"If you are done then," the elf said, sounding disappointed. "Then
simply hold still. I will end this quickly."

Cold steel pressed against Harry's neck, the new shock bringing him back
to reality. His sword hand closed around an unbroken cattail, and he
swung around. Magic surged through his hand an into the frail plant,
stiffening and strengthening it instantly. He caught the elf across the
chest, causing the seed head to explode into a mass of billowing cotton
splashed with red. A thin line of blue fire marked the wound from bottom
rib to sternum.

Gulandri took a surprised stepped backwards, then looked down at the
wound curiously. He swiped his hand over it as if wiping off a bit of
dirt, and to Harry's amazement not only did the magical blue flames
disappear, so do the wound itself so that only a bit of pale flesh
appeared through the torn clothing. The elf looked at him and grinned.

"My daughter inherited her gifts from *my* side of the family."

And then he speared his blade into Harry's body and the boy knew no
more.

---

Tom had suffered a fair number of humiliations in his life at the hands
of others, particularly during his youth when his indeterminate lineage
justified enough cause for scorn and jealousies ran unchecked and ill
hidden, but none had been as public as the one he suffered now. Stripped
of his wand, his weapons, his cloak, and his shoes, he was secured in
what looked like a modified oxbow, his hands secured parallel to his
head. Further, he was chained to four of his fellow prisoners in a line,
as they all struggled to keep up and their pace with the heavy wooden
yokes throwing off their balance and preventing them from catching
themselves if they started to tilt. The situation was made worse by the
number of hideous little creatures that amused themselves by poking and
prodding at them as they passed, and climbed under their feet and
between their legs, while their larger cousins shoved them forward at a
relentless pace. Several times the entire line of prisoners was thrown
off balance by a careless shove, causing them all to fall, and several
minutes had to be spent pulling them all upright again before forcing
them back to marching. The mounted elves regarded this with a superior
disdain but did nothing to help or hinder it.

The dead had been slung over the mounts of the riding elves like killed
game, while the injured had been tossed into a little wooden cart and
hauled along by several goat-headed fae. He had taken count of all of
the prisoners when they had been dragged into the temporary camp he had
been held at, but none of them had been Harry or the werewolves. He
hoped that meant the boy had somehow managed to escape with their help,
but attempting to ask the fae had only resulted in painful blow across
his face. Attempting to speak to Kingsley or anyone else had a similar
outcome. He marked that elf in particular and fantasized for several
minutes about forcing him to eat his own entrails.

After a brief time, they were bound up and made to march, and he was
forced to keep his focus on the trail ahead of him and planning his
escape. Soon after the concealing fog began to dissipate and the faerie
realm they had been brought to began to reveal itself, a realm of
infinite autumn and twilight, always burning in color and swallowed in
shadows. The ground was cold beneath their bare feet, but the exertion
of their forced trek left them sweaty and hot in the chill air. The
native fae revealed themselves as well, an amalgamation of the
ethereally beautiful and the hideously disfigured, prideful elegance and
animal brutishness. He only recognized about half of them from his
studies, and even those he held some uncertainty about. All he did know
was that he hated them, and would not tolerate being their captive
indefinitely.

Tom plotted his vengeance with every step he took.

There was a brief moment he though he caught a glimpse of a white deer
out of the corner of his eyes and feared his young friend had foolishly
returned to rescue them, but when he turned his head to look he lost his
balance and dragged everyone else into his fall. By the time they had
been straightened out again, the deer, if it had ever been there, was
gone.

After what seemed an entire day, although there was no way to judge it
without a moving sun or a watch, and many miles of walking without rest,
they came to a fortress. At least, Tom thought it was a fortress. All he
could see of it was a massive stone battlement with archers standing
upon the wall and glaring down at them distrustfully. There was no moat,
but a portcullis was raised to allow them entry, and if Tom had thought
they were in a large crowd before it was nothing compared to what they
faced when stepping into the stronghold. There were thousands more
inside, a larger portion of them the highly developed elves and a number
of dwarves and gnomes of more modest garb, were moving about the various
stalls and shops that were pressed against the battlement walls,
representing the thriving economy of the community. At the sight of the
returning hunting party a cheer rose up among the crowd, and they closed
in to greet the hunters and catch a glimpse of their quarry. They were
speaking in their native tongue now, and he didn't understand much of
what was said, but he thought many of them were attempting to throw in
bids to purchase either the living or the dead amongst the prisoners
which were steadfastly ignored or turned aside. A particularly bold
young elf slipped through the gathered throng to touch the exposed wound
Gulandri had left in his side from the remainder of their fight, and Tom
repaid the sudden flare of agony with a kick to the child's face.

That earned a few nasty strikes with a riding crop from a mounted elf,
but it was worth it to hear the brat scream. *Let it be a portent of
things to come,* he thought to himself.

Further in the settlement did not build upwards, but *down*into a
enormous circular pit nearly three hundred feet deep and lined with
homes and business and entrances to tunnels that lead even further
underground. The interiors were stone, but the exterior of these places
was covered in adornments of wood carvings and metalwork, painted and
polished in a kaleidoscope of cheerful colors and shapes, illuminated by
hundreds of colored glass lanterns strung crisscross from top to bottom
of the pit. At the bottom of the pit was a large pool of water that had
been converted into a sort of public garden, with small islands of
potted plants and wooden bridges floating around it. Water fae of
varying breeds swam or perched themselves along the stone platforms
along its edge, displaying their naked forms shamelessly as they stared
up with hungry eyes at the mortal men and women descending towards their
domain. A narrow road spiraled downwards at a steady incline, which
brought them about halfway from the bottom, before their handlers turned
them into the entrance of a large tunnel.

The tunnels lost the colorful facade and fell to using colorless stone
murals and statues as the main form of decoration, depicting histories
and battles and stories of the culture Tom could not interpret. The
tunnel they followed was tall enough to accommodate even a troll, but a
majority of the tunnels that branched off were much smaller, suggesting
the place had not only been originally built by dwarves but also built
with their needs in mind and not that of elves or larger races. It was
likely the strong hold had not originally belonged the elves that now
ran it.

At last they stopped at a collection of cells. They were manacled by
their ankles in groups of three inside each, before being freed from
their yokes. They were given water which they all drank greedily, and
then left alone in their cells. Kingsley was not among his cellmates as
he would have preferred, but he turned to a female comrade to ask how
their battle had gone down. For a while she would not speak, exhaustion
having made her apathetic, but a slap to the face brought her out of it
quickly enough. She spoke haltingly at first, explaining the events
immediately after he had been separated from them, and their desperate
attempt to save not only themselves but the injured as well and how it
had all fallen apart.

"I know he tried," she said, sniffling a bit, "Potter, I mean. I know he
tried to give us a chance, but it only made things worse. They'd have
taken us civil-like if he hadn't have given them an excuse. Then that
trick he pulled with the Fog Charm... well that put them in a real
temper afterward. In the end, he's the only one that got away, and we
were left dealing with a bunch of pissed of faeries."

He ignored her after that, feeling little more than contempt for her or
the rest of his fellow prisoners after she had finished. Potter had not
messed up anything. He had given them the opportunity to get away and
they blew it. How *he* had managed to escape was something Tom hoped he
would be able to ask him about one day. It seemed quite a miraculous
feat all its own. He quickly banished the thoughts, to consider his next
move. If Harry had managed to escape and tell Malfoy of what happened,
there was no telling how long before help came for them or if it would
come at all. No one there was particularly essential, and risking a raid
against the fae could ignite another war Britain could not afford. Tom
had to prepare himself to abandon his current body yet again, but did
not wish to do so unless absolutely necessary. If he could, in fact,
escape with his own wits then surely he would be commended and some
advancement in position would be offered even as Lord Malfoy sunk lower
in the Dark Lord's esteem for defying his orders and nearly killing
Potter as a result.

He pondered his options for the next few hours he had to himself. He was
proficient enough in wandless magic that he could have escaped his
chains, enchanted though they were, and the prison cell easily enough,
but beyond that he wasn't so sure. The structure of the fairy den was
hive-like and crowded, and while concealment charms were likely to work
on many of the denizens it was just as likely to attract the attention
of others. Even if he were to abandon his mortal body, his spirit would
then be vulnerable to the number of spirit predators that haunted such
places, snatching up wandering souls of mortals killed by faeries.

Then there was the matter of Gulandri.

Tom did not fear much, but one of the few things he did was that cunning
elf. They had met before, long ago when Tom still had a majority of his
soul intact and was still under the apprenticeship of Carrigan. He had
not been a king then, only the king's attendant, but one already feared
by wizard and fae alike. Only Carrigan had not been afraid of him, just
as he had not been afraid of Tom himself, even knowing his true nature.
Every so often when Venus was bright enough to see even before the sun
had fully set, Gulandri would appear at Carrigan's door with some dumb
creature he had slain in a hunt and have the druid prepare a meal for
him. The few times Tom had been present for these appearances, he had
not said a word and merely watched or did some chore at his teacher's
request.

One day the elf had turned to him suddenly and said.

"Speak your mind, you wicked child."

He was caught off guard, but when those dark eyes refused to turn away
from him until he said something he finally asked, "You are a very
dangerous man. I have heard whispers of your name in these parts, that
none who see you walk away alive, but you come here frequently and eat
with my master and then leave without harming either of us. Why?"

The elf smiled.

"Because I was invited in."

He said nothing else and it wasn't until he had gone that Tom went and
told Carrigan what was said.

"He speaks only half a truth. Faeries *are* bound by rules of
hospitality. Inviting him into my home means he can do me no harm while
inside it, but he could very easily have harmed you or else waited for
me to leave my home. His pacifism serves a different purpose. Mortal
hospitality has its own benefits to him. I prepare all my meals with the
help of magic, which means when he eats what I cook him he is consuming
some of it himself. This is the true reason behind his visitations. He
leaves me unharmed because it increases his power."

"And that does not bother you? He may be using that power against
wizards."

"Should it bother me how you yourself use what I teach you, my
apprentice? Do you not use some of what you learn against wizards, as
well?"

Tom had said nothing, caught off guard for the second time that evening.
It always threw him that he could hide nothing from Carrigan, but unlike
Dumbledore the druid neither feared it nor attempted to change him,
despite him being even more soft-hearted than that senile old fool in
many ways.

"What is he doing with all that power?" he had asked instead.

"I don't know."

"You don't care?"

"I do, but not in a personal way. I care the same way I care about
floods and blizzards and all other sorts of natural forces. It is not my
place to attempt to influence these things. They happen for a reason and
in their due course. Gulandri has power because it is in his nature to
gather it and because nature intended him to have it."

"And what is my nature?"

Carrigan had smiled, and chuckled softly.

"Your nature is ephemeral. It is changeable and changing. That is the
difference between humans and faeries. They can't change what they are.
Humans can. For better or worse."

Carrigan's words rang true now. Gulandri was unchanged, still the
charming brute, half mad and half genius, and completely unpredictable.
Kingship had not changed him nor what ever circumstances that had
resulted in him attaining that position as it had the Dark Lord,
although they were in many ways cut from the same cloth. Yes, in his own
realm, Tom considered Gulandri a Dark Lord of the fairies.

The only noticeable difference was the dark elf's ability to use magic,
which he had not thought him capable of. It could have been a more
recent development, perhaps having consumed enough magic of wizards, he
had attained some magical ability of his own or perhaps he had always
the ability and never bothered to demonstrate it in front of him before.
Regardless, he was confident he could defeat him with proper preparation
and planning, but he didn't have proper anything at the moment and he
could not afford to confront him a second time.

He would need to be cautious, which had never come easily to him.

His cellmates had both fallen into a exhausted sleep, and where not
stirred when their cell door opened. A pair of burly dwarves entered,
and in short order had Tom's hands tied behind his back and a noose
looped around his neck. The indignity of the situation was amplified by
the fact that he was alone and worsened when he was forced to crouch and
hobble through a series low tunnels, pinched and poked by every
mischievous passerby they encountered. He fully expected things to only
get worse, for him to be brought before a gaping crowd as some sport for
their base amusement.

He was surprised when he wasn't brought to some public spectacle, but a
small, lavishly decorated house and lead straight to a private bedroom
where he was promptly cut free and left. In a lady's bedroom no less,
although 'den' might have been more accurate. It was all oversized
pillows and gold embroidered silks, glittering in the light of dozens of
colored glass lanterns shaped like moons and stars and other celestial
bodies. There was no mirror or wardrobe or writing desk in sight. It was
a room dedicated solely to sleep and thoughtful repose.

Of the four occupants in the room, only two were using it for its
intended purpose, and only one of those of his own free will. Tom felt
his heart plummet as his eyes fell on Harry's pale, fevered form laid
out across the nearby bed. He had been stripped down and wrapped in a
blanket for modesty's sake, but was slowly squirming out of it in the
throes of nightmare that wouldn't release him. Nursing the boy's fading
blotches of black and red bruises was the Enchantress, who upon closer
inspection bore an uncanny resemblance to Gulandri. The room smelled of
incense, but beneath that he detected Essence of Dittany and other herbs
he was unfamiliar with. It made Tom suspect Harry's condition was either
considerably worse than he thought or had been before he had arrived.

Almost against his will, he found himself leveling an accusatory glare
at the fourth occupant of the room. Gulandri returned the look with one
of his own, bemusement and arrogance in equal measure, as he reclined
elegantly over his chair. In his hand was the *frrykshimini*, but he was
not using it at the moment. He had seen all he needed to already.

"Wicked child," he greeted, "What games you have been playing. I do not
think your master would have approved."

Tom sneered, matching his arrogance with a touch of his own. He might
not have been equal to the dark elf in his own lair, but that did not
mean he'd play the role of inferior either.

"I think he might have surprised you."

"He did manage from time to time," he offered beneficently. "It is
unfortunate he had slipped his mortal coil before I had the opportunity
to bring him here. I haven't had a decently prepared *velorisp*[^125-5] since.
Perhaps he can re-learn the gift."

"Oh, yes, his greatest achievement," Tom sneered, missing the last
sentence in his eagerness to change the subject. "Why have you attacked
us? You have always kept yourself appraised of the wizarding world, so
you know of Lord Voldemort and you know attacking us could start a war."

Gulandri tilted his head, as if the spirit had performed an amusing
little trick.

"For you? I hardly think so. For *him*?" Indicating the bedridden boy.
"I am counting on it."

Surprise and dread welled up in Tom, as he stared at the elf. What was
he intending by all of this? He had assumed Harry had been targeted as
both an active pagan and for his heroic exploits at Dunnan Hill, not as
a pawn in some larger plot. His eyes quickly scanned the rooms for
potential weapons.

"Why? He'll destroy you. He'll destroy your entire court."

The elf smiled and pushed himself out of his chair with a languid grace.

"You truly are an arrogant creature. Do I or my court appear so fragile,
so terrified of your 'Dark Magic'? We are not the idle Tuatha de Danann
or the broken Mag Morians. We are *Milesians*. We were made for war. Our
numbers have never been greater nor our strength. We will not be undone
by the Dark Lord or his puny army. We will be made stronger by them."

"You're mad."

The elf approached leisurely, eying him curiously from head to toe.

"What is that saying? It is a muggle one. Something about a pot and a
kettle?"

He reached up and poked Tom lightly on the cheek, as if seeing if he
were actually real. The action was casual, but Tom's reaction was far
from it. He felt his soul's grip on Stratus' body slip, and he was
nearly thrown out of it completely. The eyes rolled to the back of head
and it fell, twitching on the ground until the spirit could claw its way
back and regain control of itself. Even so, he found himself laying on
the ground and trembling uncontrollably for several minutes. Gulandri
stared down at him with the closest thing to pity he could muster.

"You poor wicked child. You've shattered yourself on your own ambition,
and to what ends? What future did you see for yourself?"

"*The ssame future I sssee now... only with you dead at my feet,*" he
cursed in parseltongue.

*"Wicked child indeed,*" the naga hissed softly, and he turned sharply
to her. He had forgotten her, and forgotten that nagas were serpents
with human-ish forms. His surprise was compounded when Harry stopped
squirming for a moment and spoke softly in the same hissing tones.

"*My lord? Is that you?*"

Tom felt an immediate sense of unreality. Three parselmouths in one room
and none of them a fellow horcrux? It sent involuntary shiver of delight
down his spine.

"What is this?" Gulandri asked, curious. "*Another* parselmouth? I did
not believe he had that ability the last time we met. Your doing or your
counterpart's?"

Reluctantly, Tom drew his attention back to the dark elf. Cautiously, he
climbed back to his feet. His soul felt strangely loose, as if a sharp
wind was all that it would take to knock him free. He leveled a defiant
glare at Gulandri.

"You're senile. He was born with the gift. He's always had it."

The elf stared at him blankly for a moment. Hairs standing up on the
back of his neck told him the naga was also staring at him now. It
lasted for several uncomfortable seconds, then Gulandri broke out into
laughter. Strong, ringing laughter, and if Tom were not the subject of
the joke he might have mistaken it for a wholesome, pleasant sound. He
would have to figure out what was so amusing to the elf about what he
had said later, though. There were more immediate dangers.

"Oh, that is too precious," he laughed. "You all are going to be so much
fun."

"What are you going to do to us?"

The laughter died away, although the amusement remained.

"What do you think? I will make use of you,. You... you I will find a
form well suited to your wretched state, and then I will send you back
to the mortal realm to collect the humans and muggles I need to maintain
the tentative hold my kind has there. I believe you shall find the
occupation... fulfilling."

Tom shuddered. Whatever form Gulandri had selected for him, it would not
be humanish. The spirit did not think of himself as particularly vain,
although he had enjoyed the benefits of being handsome in his mortal
years, but to be some... creature... no matter how powerful. He could
not imagine it. To be Gulandri's retrieving mongrel was inconceivable.

Then the elf moved around him, to stand behind the enchantress, placing
his hands on her shoulders in an expression of familiarity. They both
stared at the boy before them, the naga with concern, the elf with a
touch of curiosity.

"This one has proven himself to be brave and honorable, even if he's an
embarrassment with a sword, and I respect that. My daughter has
expressed a fondness for him, and as he is capable of speaking her
native tongue, I think I will let him remain her companion. Choose his
form wisely, my flower."

He kissed her gently on the head, and she graced him with a grateful
smile. Tom fought the urge to vomit. Gulandri straightened, and turned
back to him.

"We are getting away from ourselves. I did not bring you here to
reminisce or to gloat. I brought you here to ask you a question."

"Why should I tell you anything?"

"Use your imagination," he replied, unperturbed by his defiance. "Where
is the one you called Voldemort now?"

"...Why?"

The elf sighed.

"How is he to rescue his... apprentice... or what ever the boy is... if
I don't tell him where to find him?"

Tom just looked at him, the words 'You're mad' on the tip of his tongue,
but after the last demonstration of the power the elf held over him, he
holds it back.

"You... you truly wish to provoke him?"

"That is the whole point of this venture. Surely, you did not think it
was for the young one? For you? You are middling fare in the scheme of
things."

Tom considered. This dark elf wished to draw his elder counterpart into
a battle, possibly, hopefully, to the death. He felt torn at the
prospect. Having his two enemies face each other was something to be
encouraged, as no matter who lost and if he were lucky it would be both,
he would still be short one enemy. However, the prospect of Voldemort
losing his life to anyone other than himself invoked a strange jealousy
in him. Helping the arrogant fae king to lure his rival here felt
strangely like a betrayal, if only of principle. What did you call
someone who sold his fellow wizard to a fae? Who betrayed his own
species for another?

A sigh drew his attention to the bed. Harry was settling into a deeper
sleep under the Enchantress' hand on his bare chest, and as his face
relaxed he looked truly small and frail and young. He was only sixteen
but already covered in a network of magical scars and brands, his body
strangely thin from years of abuse and injury. He was helpless now,
completely and utterly. He needed Tom to save him, and Tom didn't know
how he could rescue them both. Not alone.

He needed Voldemort.

Even if it was only to buy time.

"Saarland, the west side of Bostalsee Lake last I heard, but he may have
moved on."

Gulandri nodded.

"Thank you," he said, with all the gravity of having been passed a roll
at the dinner table. "*Gugis fen!"*

The gnomes from before entered the room yet again, carrying a new length
of rope with them. Gulandri gave them further instructions in Milesian,
and they fell upon Tom with the same rough efficiency as they had
before. In less than a minute he was secured and lead out of the room
with the same lack of ceremony he had upon entering it.

---

Once the prisoner had been led away, Gulandri's previous mirth returned
and he found himself laughing again, longer and harder than he had
previously allowed himself. He laughed and laughed, and it wasn't until
Selufiare coughed politely to draw his attention that he reigned himself
in. She didn't understand the joke, but then she had not known Carrigan.

"I apologize. It is simply that he does not recognize the boy, and if he
does not, it is unlikely that Voldemort does either."

"I don't understand. Do you mean his previous incarnation? Or his
present one?"

"Both. I thought it a cruel irony that the only person they seemed
capable of caring for, is the very one most likely to undo them. The
fact that they do not realize he is either of these things is...
farcical. Really, I am doing them a favor."

She glanced down at the boy in her bed. He was handsome, or rather had
the potential of being so. Time would strengthen his jaw line and wean
the awkward tilting in his mouth into something more masculine and
assertive, catching up to the fierce resolve of his eyes and body that
she had seen briefly beside the spring. His magic surged and rolled like
a hurricane, his spirit equally conflicted and impassioned. Behind all
of that was the faint spiritual impressions of his past lives, like
stained glass windows lain one on top of the other, the images gradually
lost or distorted. Gulandri could see each of these lives more clearly
than she with the help of *frrykshimini*, but she saw enough if she
concentrated to know his previous incarnation had been a considerably
more peaceful and peaceable soul. She wondered at the circumstances that
had made him what he was today, and if it had anything to do with the
one called 'wicked child'.

"So this boy was once the one called Carrigan, his master? And now he
calls the other 'my lord?"

"For going around in circles, they've made considerable progress, don't
you think? Maybe when the prophecy plays out, the child will kill his
master and raise him like a son in his next incarnation. Maybe they've
been doing this forever."

Again she was lost, and getting a touch annoyed with her father. As far
as fathers went, she was more fortunate than most, but his tendency to
assume she knew every secret and mystery he had gathered and cultivated
in the course of his thousand years could be a bit aggravating. There
was a prophecy now, however, and those were always concerning.

"And what is the prophecy?"

"Oh, the usual. They are destined to kill or be killed by each other. Or
something along those lines."

"Won't that interfere in your plans?"

"Not if we kill the boy first."

She looked down at their captive. He was still so sickly from his
injuries, that to kill him now would mean his resurrection would result
in a weaker form and that would be a waste. Her father seemed to know
her concerns, however and waylaid them.

"We needn't do so yet. It will be many hours, maybe days, before the
true prey is set to arrive. You have sufficient skill to restore him
before then."

There was a command hidden within the compliment which she acknowledged
with a reserved nod and a 'it shall be so'. Satisfied, he left to summon
a messenger.

He had a dark lord to taunt after all.

---

"What do you mean 'he's been taken'?" Lucius said, calmly. Very, very
calmly. He was the picture of calm. He was not going to going to cast an
evisceration curse on the werewolf standing in his office, delivering
his death sentence without so much as a blink. He was that calm.

The mangy rogue had been brought direct from Ireland from the village of
Traleefore, where he had scared the locals near to death before
reporting that there had been an attack on Potter's party. The locals
had dutifully brought the creature to London via floo, apparation, and a
Knightbus in about forty-five minutes. The bureaucrats had taken nearly
two hours sending him up the chain of command, from one department to
another, filling out paperwork, and asking questions about a mission
they couldn't find the right file on, and basically signing their own
death warrants when he found out which of the nitwits had bungled things
so badly.

"I mean," Lysander said, also very calmly. "exactly what I said.
Ambassador Potter and his protectors have been taken... by fae, the
Milesian tribe to be precise. I do not know if they are alive or dead,
human or... something else by now."

"I see... thank you for telling me."

And with that he walked out of his office, leaving the werewolf
unattended and perplexed, and went straight to the aviary. The raven was
perched on the back of chair, staring at the door as if he had
anticipated his reappearance. Lucius felt a surge of overwhelming
resentment for the creature, which had so expertly taken advantage of
his momentary weakness. His wand hand twitchef, anxious to cast
something painful and debilitating, but he merely clenched his hands to
his sides. It was his own fault, he acknowledges, to have been so
reckless and trusting. Such Gryffindor traits had no place in his line
of work.

"You tricked me!"

The raven tilted its head, but without lips or eyes the wizard can't
tell if its from curiosity or amusement.

"Did I now?" he says, his tone too bland to read. "How so?"

"You're a fae of some sort! You tricked me into letting Potter go to
Ireland, knowing he would be attacked!"

Nothing was said for a moment, and if Lucius didn't know any better he
thought he might have surprised the creature.

"The boy was taken? By fairies? Huh..." another moment of thoughtful
consideration. "When? By whom?"

Lucius hesitated. Was this yet another game? He used to be able to tell
so easily, but now he wasn't certain. His mind was clearer that it had
been in a long time, and looking back over the last several weeks he
balked at the realization that he has been running the military as a
drunken lunatic and no one had noticed. Even his personal aide, who he
thought a rather sensitive fellow, hadn't seemed the least bit concerned
with either his drinking or his ranting. Or else he had been very good
at hiding any concern. Looking back on his decision from earlier, he was
starting to question whether his judgment was still compromised.

He had never been one to doubt himself, and that was part of the reason
he suspected things had gotten so far out of hand without his notice.
Now he had nothing but doubts. But something had to be done. If he did
not fix this and quickly, the Dark Lord would not be so subtle about
destroying him. So he might have to at pretend he believed the raven
sincere, but he would not trust him a second time.

"About three hours ago, and I am told they were Milesians."

Another silent consideration.

"...Milesians... they're dangerous. They're not scared of wizards. Not
since Gulandri Le' Espirriur took the thrown, and the realm descended
into a constant twilight. They fear neither the light nor the dark any
longer."

"Save your riddles, you transfigured vulture. Is the boy still alive?"

"Hmph... I can't know for certain, but... I suspect he is. If he
survived their first trial, then they will hold him prisoner for a time.
They are cautious about their 'introductions' as they call it. They
won't turn him into a fae until they've picked something suitable. Time
and Astronomy moves differently in fairy realms however. A few hours
here may mean a few days there or a few minutes, depending upon the
season and the position of the stars. If he is be saved... and you by
extension, it must be done immediately."

It was all so perfectly in tune to what Lucius himself desired, it all
but confirmed the pureblood's suspicions that this had all been planned
in advanced. The question was if he could twists those plans to make
them work in his favor or at the very least insured that the fiend
suffered for his arrogant manipulation.

"My thoughts exactly," he tried for agreeable, to play along, but the
resentment and suspicion seeped through, and he had already compromised
his position by his previous accusation. Bobby has choose to ignore it,
or else honestly forgotten it in his distraction.

"I can find him. I know where he would have been taken. I have been
there before. Release me, and I shall bring him back."

*Of course, you do*, Lucius thinks, *you traitorous thief.*

"Then we shall depart as soon as I have gathered the necessary
soldiers."

The raven shakes his head immediately.

"No, I must go alone. This must be done covertly. If you draw attention
to the fact that you sent Potter to Ireland intentionally, you are dead
regardless of the outcome. Besides, to march on Hausteheim is to declare
a war, and will only provoke them to kill their prisoners more quickly."

Lucius considered. The raven sounded sincere, and he was not incorrect.
Whether the creature were himself a Milesian spy would not change that,
and more importantly if he were a spy then Lucius might be leading his
people (and himself) into a trap. A trap the raven needn't have warned
him about. Unless he wished to gain his trust again. He gave himself a
mental shake. He could not afford to keep second guessing himself. Time
was essential now. He would need to find some way of insuring the raven
did as it said it would.

"Hhmm... give me your leg."

The raven tilted his head curiously.

"Sir?"

"If you wish me to release you, give me your leg."

"...I'm sorry, sir, but I am rather attached to it."

Lucius gave him a look that seemed capable of melting iron on the spot.
Reluctantly, the raven held out its leg. The pureblood slipped his ring,
emerald and white gold emblazoned with his family crest, off his finger
and cast a spell wordlessly. The ring grew enough to slip over the
raven's foot and then immediately shrunk again until it became snug
about the ankle and could not be moved up or down.

Bobby instinctively tried to kick the cold, metal band from his foot but
it wouldn't be moved by physics or magic.

"What is it?"

"It's a contract," the Malfoy heir explained. "One to guarantee you will
not betray me a second time."

"I never betrayed you a first time," he insisted. "What does it do?"

"It kills you, painfully and slowly, if you do not bring Potter back to
me by sunrise."

"What? But.. how am I... damn you! What if he's already dead or a fae
himself?"

"Then I guess we're both out of luck aren't we?" he said with malicious
glee.

The raven for once looks flustered and annoyed and everything Lucius
wants him to be. It was yet another sign that he had been correct
before, and that he was turning the tables in Bobby's little game. If he
could keep his opponent on the defensive, perhaps he would walk away
from this... if not better off, at least not beyond recovery. The raven
had been right before. Very few people actually knew of Potter's mission
to Ireland, and with the Dark Lord gone, he might have the time he
needed to cover up the mistake.

He just needed to get the boy back.

"Fine! *Fine!*" the raven practically hissed. "Now let me out! Enough
time has been wasted!"

It would have been amusing to stall, to further aggravate the trickster,
but that would be counterproductive. All of their lives now depend upon
his success. So he opened the aviary door and lowered the wards. The
raven waited no longer, swooping past him and down the hall, knowing by
some sort of native magic how to leave the heavily protected compound
unnoticed. Lucius stood anxiously for a moment, expecting to hear the
shrill call of sirens but after several minutes it became apparent
nothing of the sort was going to occur, and he returned to his office.

The werewolf was gone. He didn't know where and he didn't rightly care
for the time being.

Already, he started to question his decision to release the raven. The
dark lord had kept it confined for a reason, and he had no way of
knowing its true nature and if he hadn't just unleashed some unspeakable
danger upon his homeland. Likewise, he had no way of knowing if the
raven might not some how make things worse for him. If such a thing were
possible.

His mind felt full and ravenous for more, spinning and unable to move.
Fears and questions and theories and anger cluttered his mind, tripping
his logical thoughts and replacing them with horror. Closing his eyes,
he took a deep breath. He needed to be calm, rational, and objective. At
the moment, he was incapable of any of these things.

That meant he had to go to someone he trusted to be calm, rational, and
objective for him.

---

Voldemort lay in his bed, wide awake and counting the breaths Lestrange
sighed softly into his bare chest. He did not sleep often, although in
recent years he had noticed he dreamed now when he did, and now was no
exception although the day had fatigued him. A cold front had moved into
the area, and being at a higher elevation it had brought a heavy snow
with it. The scheduled hunt for resistance fighters had been canceled in
favor of staying warm.

Snowfall in the alps could be dangerous even for wizards, and with the
mist rising off Bostalsee Lake it only made the chances of being lost or
having an accident that much more likely. Voldemort had taken the
opportunity to spend a little more time with his Romanian associates.
They already respected him as a powerful leader, he had earned it with
his willingness to go out in the field and by proving his competence in
leading them to one success after another, and was now working to gain
their loyalty.

They had drunk a great deal of wine, and he had impressed them with his
knowledge of several Romanian drinking songs, aided by his legilimens
ability, and their present woes over their current standing in
international Quidditch. They had told him about their girlfriends and
wives and little ones waiting for them back home. He told them about
Harry and his penchant for getting in over his head, and gave Lestrange
a few suggestive looks over his shoulder when he knew they were
watching.

He backed up these looks later that evening by taking her to his tent.
The men would approve of this, he knew, as Lestrange was a beautiful
woman in her own right and in their primitive minds they felt a leader
should always aim for the best female available. Bedding his loyal
minion was no hardship, in any event. She was as sultry and devilish as
he remembered, magic and activity having kept her body firm and supple
to his touch. Her adoration for him was evident in every gaspy breath
and heaving endearment, and even as she goaded him into near savagery it
only seemed to please her more. As he ravaged her, he couldn't help but
wonder with a perverse satisfaction if she would have been so vocal if
she knew he had foregone the silencing charm and that most of the camp
had been made intimately aware of their nocturnal activities.

She was doing wonders for dispelling rumors of his impotence, and he
hoped she would take some pride in that one day.

But that had all been hours ago, and now his thoughts had turned to
other things less trivial. He thought of the war in Germany almost done
with, and how he would maintain power there once the fighting was done,
whether he should allow the British refugees from the previous war to
return to Britain or not, what spoils of war he should take and what he
should leave behind as a sign of magnanimity, and who should be publicly
executed and who silenced in secret. He thought about Dumbledore,
Ophelia, and Lucius. He thought about Harry and whether he might want to
spend the summer in Germany with him, helping to organize the peace. He
thought about the Earth and whether She would be pleased with his
efforts, or think them a mere distraction.

*Voldemort.*

He looked down at Lestrange, thinking she had whispered his name but she
showed no signs of stirring. And when did she ever call him anything
other than 'my Lord'? Even in passion she never lost that one quirk of
decorum.

*Dark Lord*.

Soft, a whisper but not a whisper, and something not entirely natural
about the vibration. It had come from outside. He lifted his head,
listening more closely.

*Tom*.

Slowly, so as not to disturb his companion, he pulled loose form her
hold and climbed from the bed.

*Marvolo.*

The warming charms had faded some time in the night, leaving the
magically expanded tent bitterly cold. His breath misted as he breathed,
like a miniature ghost in the darkness.

*Riddle*.

He stood a moment to listen, unbothered by the cold, but there was
nothing else. He dressed quickly using spells, then grabbed his sword
and exited the tent.

A heavy mist had descended on the camp, and he was immediately damp with
it. He could have banished the cloud with a wave of his hand, but
hesitated. The air was thick with an anxious energy that had not been
there only moments before, and something told him it would be unwise to
attempt to expose the mystery. He stood a moment, and waited.

*Here*.

He immediately turned and walked out of the camp, following the voice
towards the lake. He made no sound, and even if he had he met no one
along the way to give his presence away to. The surrounding forest
became a army of shadowy sentinels, unmoving but tracking his progress
with their invisible eyes. It would have frightened a lesser man, but
Voldemort knew this feeling and understanding negated the fear.

When he reached the lake, he was not surprised to see there was a boat
waiting for him at the shore. It was beautiful craft, long and almost
too slender not to tip over, and painted in dark red and black lacquer.
It reminded Voldemort of a Venetian gondola, and in its elegant couch
the gondolier leaned at the bow and leered at him.

"Harry?" he asks, although he knew better even before the name had left
his mouth. The face was a collection of familiar features in an
unfamiliar combination. Harry's glowing eyes gleamed in malevolent
amusement, his mouth twisted unnaturally in to an awkward grin. Even his
slender form seems ill-suited to the slinky, hulking movements he made
towards the man. Voldemort lifts his wand, prepared to blast the
apparition into pieces for the offense he feels at the sight of it.

"Eh-yo," it says, his voice like a rusty pipe. "Eyes wundrin when yid be
gettering on. 'Avent got the night, yeah? Huck, huck, I menz you ain't
be haven the night. Todd-a-Lone 'as nights to spar an' waste an' gamble,
don't e? Nah tha' you woods notice, I suppose..."

Voldemort took a moment to try to figure out whether he was speaking a
foreign language or pure gibberish. It took him a while to discern it
was some butchered cockney dialect.

"What are you? What do you want?" he said, shortly.

"Eh? Wos the matter? Ain't yu got a 'ug fer yer dear friend, 'Arry?" the
creature laughed, throwing open his arms as if to welcome an embrace.
Voldemort cast a hex at the ground, causing a small explosion at the
stranger's feet and showering him with pebbles. The creature shrieked in
surprise and quickly backed away. "I wos just kid'n, yeah? Wers yer
funny side?"

Voldemort cast another hex, showering him with pebbles and peppering the
boat besides.

"Oi, oi! Not de boat! You sink'r en 'ows we to get back, yeah?"

"What. Do. You. Want?" he repeated, emphasizing in his tone his lost
patience.

The creature shuffled sulkily at his ill-humored audience.

"Eye come on Masteer's biznurse, yeah? Eyes got a message fer yers.
Yeah? Yeah? Now stop blast'n at us!"

"State your message then, and be gone, wretch."

"Eyes getting on it! Just a mo, will ya? Yeah?"

The shapeshifter made another show of straightening up and brushing off
its clothes. He coughed into its hand to clear his throat, and when he
spoke it wasn't in his voice. It wasn't in Harry's voice either, but it
was one he recognized from his youth.

"Greetings, wicked child now a wicked man. Gulandri Le' Espirriurm, King
of Hausteheim and Lord of the Twilight Court extends this invitation to
you. A banquet is to be held in the honor of a mutual friend, whose
guise this creature currently presents. It would be a pleasure and
privilege to mark you in attendance of the ceremony. No doubt our mutual
friend would be most appreciative. If you are agreeable, the messenger
here presented shall ferry you to my home, where you are extended all
rights and courtesies of hospitality. Until next we meet, farewell and
safe travels."

The creature gave another cough, and fell back into his hunched, leering
state. A state that Voldemort quickly knocked to the ground with a
savage backhand and a foot to its chest. It shrieked and kicked
frantically but against the wizard it was little more than a angry child
throwing a tantrum. He pointed his wand at it.

"You lying wretch, you filthy vermin, you think your tricks will work on
me. That I will rush blindly into the abyss at the mere mention of that
boy?"

The creature started to wail pathetically, only aggravating the dark
lord further, but he waited to listen as it started to babble more
freely in its terrified state than it otherwise would have dared.

"Todd-a-Lone don't know nofing! Nofing! Nofing! Masteer give'me a
message and eyes gives it to yoos caus'n 'e told me too! Jus a message
an' a stick!"

Voldemort holds back the curse at the tip of his tongue.

"A stick?"

"Yeah, yeah, a stick. Yeah!"

With the momentary pause in his beating, the shifter reached into his
robe and pulled out a wand.

Voldemort stared at it fixedly. He recognizes it immediately.

Oh, no.

"What have you done to the boy?" he demanded, kicking it sharply in the
side. It yelped at the blow, but was quick to flash him the same leer
it'd been wearing when he first arrived. His expression suddenly
changed, slack, white and terrified as he reached down with his wand
hand to touch his side. When he pulled it away it is covered with blood.
Wide, green eyes stared up at him in blank terror, until the imp could
not hold the expression any longer and broke out into a maddening grin.

Voldemort remained motionless throughout the theatrics. The eerie
silence was all consuming around them, and somewhere in the back of his
mind he knew that they should have been heard by now. That Lestrange and
the other wizards should have come charging out to investigate the
disturbance, but there was nothing. Just the sound of his own breath
heaving in and out as his blood boils beneath his skin and that of the
creature's wretched laughter. It caught his look and frowned.

"Oi, now," it says, "Don be gett'n no ideas. If ye kill me ows ya gonna
get there, yeah?"

"True," the dark lord says icily, "but what's to stop me from killing
you once we arrive?"

"Er..."

"Take off that face, before I remove it myself," he snapped.

The wretch scurried out from under his foot and shook itself like a dog,
shedding his illusion like water. He was a hobgoblin, a goodfellow, with
slanty eyes and a crocodile mouth. He shook again, throwing of Harry's
clothes from his small, withered bodied, before he climbed back onto the
boat. Voldemort snatched up Harry's wand from the pile and climbed
aboard, settling stiffly into his seat.

What he was doing was unwise. Even with Gulandri's extension of faerie
hospitality, which would spare him from both attack and poisoning, it
would not spare him from trickery. The dark elf, whose exploits he had
followed distantly, until his own affairs drew his attention to matters
closer to home, had tricked and murdered his way into his kingship. He
was like himself in many ways, and like himself if he had leverage he
would use it ruthlessly.

Why he would do so, Voldemort didn't know. They had never been enemies.
In many ways, they were allies in a greater cause. His reign was
designed to return wizarding kind into the Old Ways, practices that
would strengthen relations with the faeries themselves over time and
hold the doorways between their realms open. Perhaps this was itself
just an expression of Gulandri's impatience, of which he had been
infamously prone, and token reassurances from his quarter would solve
the matter.

Maybe it was something more insidious.

Either way, he had to retrieve Harry, whether it was a trap or not. It
was, at this point, he mused humorlessly, a matter of habit.

Finally! Finally, it's done! This chapter just didn't want to cooperate,
no matter how much I wanted to write it! I think this is actually my
longest chapter yet. And then my basement flooded! And I live in the
basement! Argh!

Author's notes:

Okay, so I've been a bit inspired by Norse mythology since the Thor
movie came out, even though I haven't seen it yet, and it just occurred
to me as I was researching it... gee, this would make a sort of sense if
the Aesir were just a sort of faerie race. So yeah, in my universe
that's what they are. In Norse Mythology, the god Balder is made nearly
indestructible through sorcery in order to save him from his prophesied
death, but he still kicks the bucket when Loki (who would be a sort of
conjurer in this case), tricks Balder's blind brother into shooting him
with a arrow made of mistletoe and killing him. This inspired the idea
of mistletoe arrows having the capability of penetrating shield charms,
since that is essentially what it did in Balder's case. So ha! That idea
was not pulled out of a plot hole!

Remember, when the Sword of Gryffindor shattered in Harry's hand, it's
magic was transferred to Harry. His hand is very much like the sword,
and to a certain extent he has mithral running in his blood.

Literally means 'Autumn Realm' in Norse. I wanted to do Twilight or
Sunset realm, but I couldn't find the translation.

This is an actual type of fairie known for living in Scottish marshes. I
took some liberty with her appearance.

A velorisp is a type of bird similar to a cassowary, and twice as mean.
Typically only found in fairy realms, or forests where fairies are in
high numbers.

Milesians were the tribe who supposedly drove the Tuatha de Denann, a
powerful court of fairies, out of their homes and into distant lands.
The Tuatha de Denann are the original inhabitants of Ireland and the
surrounding isles. In my version, they are are also themselves fae. I
gathered from research that there are lot of different fairy tribes and
they are often at war with one another.