# Unraveling Threads

Harry followed an old game trail deeper into the forest. He was tired
from his meeting with his godfathers, but he did not want to head back
to the village before speaking with Luna and she could not risk being
seen by Kinglsey. The trail led into a small grotto, and he decided it
was a good place to speak privately. If what his godfathers implied was
true she would find him, and he had but to wait.

Or perhaps not even that. As he set his staff down in preparation to
make himself comfortable in the grass, he spotted her.

She stood at the end the trail as if she had always been, and perhaps
she had. He had not looked back at during his trek here, and there was
no telling at what point she had joined him on the path. She seemed
frailer than he remembered, not exactly thinner and not really weaker,
but there was a tension in blank expression where there had once been
absolute certainty that had made her seem simultaneously divine and mad.
Her grief after the Goddess Clan Massacre had not shaken that, but
something since he had last seen her had.

"Luna."

"You came," she said, as if confused.

"Did you think I wouldn't?"

"Yes, though I can't remember now why I thought that. I've been so
confused lately."

"Yeah, me too."

He moved towards her and for a moment he thought she was going to bolt
as she tensed, but as he wrapped his arms around her she practically
melted into him. It had been months since they had seen each other,
bonded in their mutual grief and comfort and subsequently exiled from
one another's company. It was easy and familiar to fall back into those
roles, but there was something there between them that kept them from
falling completely. Some instinct brought about from a half remembered
injury.

"Blackbone said you wouldn't. He said father nearly killed you and that
you wouldn't want anything to do with us. Jane said you would come back,
but she's not as strong as she used to be. Blackbone's all but broken
her."

*Good*, Harry thought bitterly, but kept his expression gentle.

"Sirius is a lot of things, but clairvoyant isn't one of them."

"Was it very bad?"

"Yes," he admitted, and didn't elaborate. He knew she would not ask him
to.

She pulled away, far enough to reach between them and pressed her hand
to his stomach. He felt himself flush at her touch. It felt strangely
more intimate than their hug.

"What is this? It's cold," she said. It took Harry a moment to realize
what it was she was feeling.

"Oh, that. Voldemort gave me a special seal. It's protects my
manipura…er solar plexus chakra. That's were possession starts, so
nothing can get inside me unless I deactivate the seal."

She recoiled, withdrawing from him completely.

"A shaman should never do such a thing… your duty is to always-"

"What? Let the gods put me and take me off like a suit whenever they
feel like it? No thank you. Besides, I was told I was a shaman. I never
asked for it. If they want back the title they can have it. I'm never
letting *anything* use me like Greyback did a second time."

She stared down at this stomach for a long moment, as if she could see
the invisible markings and read in them things unfathomable.

"I understand. I'm sorry."

"It wasn't your fault."

"That's not what I'm sorry about."

Something of her former certainty returned, and he felt uneasy at the
timing. Had his denial of shamanic responsibilities angered her? He knew
she was in training to be a healer, and healers often went on to be
shamans so perhaps he had inadvertently committed a heinous taboo amonst
her profession.

"I know you must hate my father."

He couldn't deny it, and neither of them would stoop to placating or
being placated with false sentiments.

"I know you must also hate Jane."

Again he couldn't deny that either.

"But they are my family. My most precious people. I'm sorry I can't hate
them for you."

He flinched. That stung. He couldn't tell if it stung because she
actually thought he would expect that of her or if it stung because she
wouldn't do it for him. It would be hypocritical of him to judge her.
Hadn't he said similar things to Hermione on the train?

It hurt though. It felt like betrayal, even though he understood it up
to a certain point. She had chosen her family, even knowing what they
had done and what they could have done. Even knowing they could have
killed him.

Fine. *Fine.* If that's what she wanted that was her choice, but he
wasn't going to pretend he was okay with that.

"What are the lives of mortals compared to the love of gods, after all?"
he said bitterly.

"They are certainly less self absorbed for one thing," she said
neutrally, and walked away.

"Luna, wait!"

He ran after her, but even though she had only been a few steps ahead of
him, once she stepped into the underbrush she disappeared completely. He
stumbled around for a bit, looking for her, but she was gone and clearly
did not want to be found. He muttered curses under his breath, feeling
like an idiot. What did he expect to do once he found her? Apologize?
Compromise? And how would that work? Let her bastard of father possess
him every once and a while? Pretend it was all forgiven?

And what did he expect of her? All but one of Luna's brother's was dead,
so who did that leave to take care of her? He wasn't so foolish to think
that Sirius or Remus would be welcoming her with open arms if she had
refused to renounce her father, and he was forbidden to see her by the
Dark Lord. Who did that leave her? Jane, of course, and whatever sort of
guidance and protection she could receive from Greyback. It sounded
rather unhealthy and more than little creepy, but he was in no position
to judge.

But Merlin, what would it take to question her loyalty? Over a hundred
werewolves had died and who knew how many witches and wizards in the
Berlin underground. He had been horrifically injured himself. What would
it take for her to realize Fenrir Greyback was poison and Jane likewise
untrustworthy? What was she willing to do for them in the meantime? Were
they enemies now? How had that happened?

He had come back to the Goddess colony believing his relationship with
his godfathers was coming to a close, and that nothing could have
destroyed the bond between him and Luna, not circumstance or distance.
Now everything was upside down. His relationship with Sirius was
stronger than ever and it had taken so little in the end to destroy what
he had with her.

He didn't want to think about. He couldn't. It would drive him mad.

"I don't give a damn," he said to himself fiercely, as if he was
expecting an argument. "I don't need her or her wonkiness."

To prove it, he took his wand out of his staff which he then broke in
two and tossed aside. *I'm a wizard*, *not a shaman. Wizards do it their
own bloody way. So screw you, Luna, and your crazy family.*

With that he tucked his wand in his belt and headed back towards the
village, determined to hate her or forget about her, which ever meant he
didn't have to feel as if he had just lost something.

---

The aviary was warm and sunny in the early afternoon, echoing with the
chirps and cries of strange birds over the splash of the garden
fountain. The air smelled of flowers, rotting vegetation, and water. If
not for the lack of breeze, the Dark Lord might have been able to
pretend it was a pleasant day in some distant tropical vista. He was
enjoying a rare moment of leisure while he waited for word from his
allies in Europe. Until he knew what they were going to do or not do, he
was forced to put a hold on implementing any plans and that left him
with very little that required his immediate attention.

"I don't know why you insist on coming here to read," Bobby grumbled,
pecking off bits of carrot cake that his captor had *graciously* left
for him. "One doesn't typically go to the dungeons for peace and quiet."

Voldemort flipped a page in his book and answered without looking up.

"I would hardly call this a *dungeon*. Although, if you wish to speak of
unusual behavior, perhaps I should remind you that prisoners don't
usually go to their captors for conversation."

"Hn. And who else would I talk to? You've left me with a bunch of
featherbrains. Even the magical ones are dumb as rocks. You couldn't
have left an owl or something?"

"And have the two of you conspiring? I think not."

"You can't keep me here forever."

"Are you so certain? I've kept you here for months without consequence.
You were captured fair and square. Raecellos can't or won't help you,
and you are not so clever that you can escape on your own."

"This is pointless. I won't join you."

He closed his book and set it aside in favor of a cup of tea.

"I do not understand your reluctance. It is true that we've had our
differences in the past, but I had always believed that was the result
of jealousy more than anything. We are no longer rivals for our Master's
attention."

Bobby bristled and hopped from the table to the back of the spare chair,
tottering this way in that in an avian interpretation of pacing.

"Ha! *Ha!* As if an arrogant little fool like you could ever understand
why I despise you. You were never whole enough to realize what parts
were missing, even before you turned yourself into an abomination. I was
never jealous of you. I knew eventually you would bring about Carrigan's
end. He knew it too from the very beginning, but he… he thought you were
worth it…Idiot."

The Dark Lord frowned, setting down his tea.

"I protected him as best as I could. What happened was… not of my doing.
I loved him like a father."

"Yes, and we both know how you *loved* your father."

Voldemort had always been fast with his wand, but Bobby was faster
still. By the time the wizard had thrown aside the table and drawn his
wand, the raven had disappeared into the surrounding greenery. The sound
of shattering wood and porcelain set off a wave of alarm, and the glass
cage was filled with the shrieks and rustle of wings.

As quickly as his anger came, it left again, and the Dark Lord laughed,
sending the birds into a higher level of terrified cries.

"Just like old times, Bobitimus, but Carrigan's not here to save you
anymore. Think about my offer. I have all the time in the world to wait
for you to change your mind."

He swept from the room, slowing only long enough snatch up his book
which had been thrown in his fit of temper. Bobby watched him from the
shadows, seething with anger and haughty vindictiveness.

Anger was the only thing he had left to keep the despair at bay.

His nemesis was right. He had all the time in the world, and Bobby
feared if he did nothing that soon Carrigan's history would repeat
itself through Harry and a cycle of misplaced love and death would
repeat itself for Voldemort's seemingly endless reign. Already the Dark
Lord, with his recently completed soul, was growing increasingly
attached to the young wizard, and the war he had been fueling for the
last year threatened to destroy the innocent of the two. It was all
moving towards an inevitable end.

Fate, however, had given Harry a way out. A prophecy, a destiny. A way
to end the cycle before repeated itself again. He had not been ready to
face it before, and likely he still wasn't, but Bobby had to let him
know before it was too late.

He needed to escape, but he lacked the means. The aviary for all its
supposed beauty had more in common with a prison than a bird cage
despite Voldemort's claim to the contrary. It was thick with magic that
countered his own, keeping him trapped behind glass as surely as if it
were stone. Only the Dark Lord and a squib servant in charge of the
aviary's upkeep ever entered. The former could not be over powered and
the later lacked enough power to take him from the room. Raecellos could
not raise his hand against the Dark Lord, not without some sort of
justification. Imprisonment was not enough. Bobby had been caught fairly
during a battle and had been neither killed nor mistreated.

There had to be a way though. Even if he didn't know what it was, he had
to believe that some way or another an opportunity would present itself
or inspiration would come. He had his own role to play in this, and
destiny would not keep him on the sidelines forever.

He needed patience. He needed faith. Most of all, he needed his anger.

---

"Let's walk the St. Martin Canal today," Ira said sleepily, not
bothering to open her eyes. She didn't need them open to know exactly
what her husband was doing. With her body pressed to his side, she could
feel his every move, no matter how miniscule.

Right now for instance, she knew his left hand was tracing up and down
the curve of her back and side, his chin was resting in the tangled mess
of her hair, and his arousal was stirring against her bare thigh.

"The canal is for muggles," he said, his voice thick from sleep… and
something else. Less than subtly, he tightened his arm around her,
pressing her closer still. He was more than satisfied when she not only
acquiesced, but reciprocated, slipping her leg between his.

"Paris is not like Britain. We cannot avoid the muggles completely.
Besides, I'm not scared of them. Mother used to take me to muggle stores
when I was little. I know *you're* not scared of them."

"Hhmm… alright… later though… Much later…"

She laughed as he rolled them. The bed in their hotel suite, a wedding
present arranged by the Dark Lord, was more than spacious enough to
accommodate. It was late morning now, and sunlight flowed through the
transparent white drapes, setting the room aglow. They should have been
up hours ago, but their nights and days were dictated by their passion
rather than habit or decorum and they were more than satisfied with
that.

Snape had hardly lived an abstinent life, but his sexual encounters had
always been brief, shallow, and a means to an end. With his
responsibilities to Hogwarts, the Dark Lord, and then Harry Potter he
had always been forced to be discreet for the sake of his reputation.
His schedule did not permit for a girlfriend, and his opportunities for
socializing with eligible witches were few and far between. Affection
had been a rare commodity, and love never a consideration.

He had never made love to a woman before, and hadn't been completely
confident that he could do so with Ira.

She had made it easy though. Ira made it all so damn easy it was vaguely
frightening. He hadn't known a woman (at least not a mentally stable
one) could be as lusty as a man if she were so inclined, and his wedding
night had been an education. A marvelous education he fully intended to
expand upon during (and hopefully a long time after) their honeymoon.

Later, they found themselves walking the canal, hand in hand, with Ira
leaning against him. Flowers were thick along the canal, squeezed in
where ever they could conceivably fit. There were lines of trees too,
close together and seeming to grow out of the concrete itself at times,
providing shade from the late afternoon sun.

The canal was thick with muggles too, and they had to forego their robes
for lighter fare. Snape in a summer suit, Ira in a peasant top and
skirt. He felt strangely exposed, as he always did when moving amongst
muggles, but Ira took them in as part of the scenery, something to be
admired and enjoyed.

"You know, Jacobi told me muggles are *decades* ahead of wizards in
reproductive medicine. Most of her research and practices are based off
of techniques they've already established. Maybe that's why there's so
many of them."

"I highly doubt it. There have always been an excessive number of
muggles," he said, glaring disapprovingly at female jogger running about
it what appeared to be her underwear. "Although, I doubt it's helped
matters. Did she say which of these barbaric muggle techniques she
wanted to use?"

"Don't be like that. It's all done very magically. There are potions and
spells and magical underwear and everything."

"Magical underwear?" he asked, before he could stop himself. She was
trying not to laugh, but only just managed it.

"It's to prevent my body from rejecting the egg. The *magical* egg. She
makes it out of human amniotic fluid[^114-1] and some of my blood. It'll make
an egg with all my DNA[^114-2], but then she'll induce meiosis so there will
be two unfertilized eggs. She can make dozens of them, and save the
spares for later use. It's sort of based off of cloning techniques only
with meiosis at the end. But it's all done magically so there's magical
underwear so my own magic won't attack it, at least for the first two
weeks."

He only understood about half of what she had said. He knew what an egg
was of course, and amniotic fluid was used in some potions (what most
would consider very *dark* potions), but the rest of it was only so much
medical jargon. What on earth was cloning?[^114-3] It might have sounded very
interesting under different circumstances, but at the moment it just
sounded experimental and dangerous and not something he wanted perform
on his new wife.

She seemed to sense he was disturbed by what she had told him. Lifting
their intertwined hands to her lips, she kissed his thumb and smiled
reassuringly.

"You don't have to worry. The biggest concern is miscarriage, and that's
not physically dangerous until later in the pregnancy."

"And we're not going to end up with a baby with two heads, are we?"

"As long as we're careful, our children will have just as much of a
chance as anyone else's, and neither of us are careless people."

They walked for a ways in silence, sensing they were moving from casual
conversation into something more meaningful to the both of them. They
took a turn away from the canal and onto a walkway that led through a
small park. Passing between two statues of Artemis and a hart, they
passed from Muggle Paris into Wizarding Paris, leaving the park behind
for a garden maze. Neatly manicured bushes rose up to their chests and
stretched out before them for a hundred feet in an indiscernible
zigzagging pattern. Amongst the rows were statues and fountains and
floral displays, and one could spend days wandering the different
pathways and discovering the maze's secrets.

Snape and Ira were not concerned with secrets at the moment, but privacy
was preferred. The bushes were too low to block them from view, but they
did not block any of the other strollers either and the various turns
ensured they could not only keep their distance but avoid running into
anyone at all.

"Do you think you would be ready to start trying for a baby before the
start of term?" he asked, uncertain how the suggestion would be
received. They both wanted to have a family, he knew, but Ira might want
to simply be husband and wife for a while. Their courtship had been
brief and sporadic, and it was only after their marriage that they were
able to indulge in each other's company for long periods of time. Plus
there was the sex. Even he was reluctant to relinquish that while she
was carrying.

He was rather afraid she would think he wanted a baby more than her
companionship. Which he did in a way, but she was still his wife and he
acknowledged more than a little affection for her. He didn't want to
hurt her feeling. It was a rather novel idea for him.

She didn't seem offended, luckily, but she did express her misgivings.

"I wouldn't mind getting started, but are you sure this is the best
time? You're starting your new position at Hogwarts this fall and that's
bound to be busy and stressful, and with the war going on they're bound
to start be stricter with the rationing and everything is already
started to get more expensive. There's no telling how bad things are
going to get."

He nodded, relieved she was choosing to be pragmatic. He could do
pragmatic.

"These are legitimate concerns. My responsibilities as Headmaster will
indeed be time-consuming and stressful, but that is unlikely to change
regardless of how long we wait. I believe it would make things simpler
in the long term if we develop a lifestyle accommodating to both my
professional and home life as soon as possible rather than allowing my
professional life take precedent and then disrupting it again to start a
family. Also, it might prove advantageous to make use of your mother's
presence in our home to assist you when I am unable. I am quite sure she
will be thrilled with the opportunity."

He would be lucky if he could throw the woman out before her
grandchildren hit puberty, he thought morosely.

"As for providing for the child… I am not overly concerned. I have no
intention of raising our children extravagantly, but my position is such
that I have access to many resources that will ensure neither you nor
our children shall ever be in want regardless of what happens."

Ira brows knit together.

"Regardless of what happens?"

"… If something unforeseen should happen to me, I have made arrangements
that you're taken care of."

"Please don't say that, Severus."

"I don't mean to alarm you. Quite the opposite." He didn't tell her of
the likelihood of him having to fight at some point. Potter would
inevitably drag him into something, and even if he didn't the Dark Lord
would have need of his particular skill sets eventually. "I assure you I
will avoid dying if at all possible."

"But you still want to have a baby as soon as possible just incase you
do?"

Clever girl.

"Yes," he admitted. "Or in case something happens to Healer Jacobi or
any number of things that could go wrong. The truth of the matter is
that what we've been given isn't a gift. It's an opportunity, and
opportunities have a way of quickly passing by."

"I hadn't thought of it that way," she said, and thought about it for a
while. "Alright, I'll talk to her as soon as we get back. In the
meantime, do you think you could do me a favor?"

"If I am able," he conceded.

"Let's just be two lovers in Paris while we're here. No talking about
work or babies or politics."

They came to a closed space in the garden with a wooden bench and white
roses. Ira turned, thinking they would move on, but Snape took hold of
her arms and sat her down. Sitting down, they were both all but
invisible and with a flick of his wand the bushes closing them off from
the rest of the maze. He smiled wickedly.

"I think I can manage that."

"Severus, what are you- oh! Ooohhh… oh, my…"

---

Robert was not a deeply philosophical man. He was a lawyer after all.
Higher concepts such as right and wrong were romantic sentiments at the
best of times, and a matter of perspective every other time. He
understood irony though. Every lawyer did. Every lawyer also understood
irony wasn't as funny as everyone else seemed to think it was.

For instance, it was ironic you sue a man for helping you. It was ironic
that contracts were written on the business in and interpreted in the
client's favor. It was ironic that civil suits lawyers bad three times
as much as public prosecutors and defense lawyers and yet still did a
third of the work.

As a more personal example, Robert found it very ironic that his
acquaintance with Harry Potter, one of the most honorable and kind
people he had ever known, was what brought him under the employ of man
who appeared to be channeling Satan.

And certainly there was nothing funny to be found in this situation.
Nothing at all.

"So let me get this straight," Crouch drawled, staring across the table
at Malfoy like a bored cat. Bartemius Crouch Jr., Lucius Malfoy, Robert
himself, and Bartemius' lawyer whose name no one could remember
(including Barty) were seated in an extravagant restaurant not far from
the Court's Bristol offices, partly obscured in a booth in the far
corner. They had only water, and nothing else would come until one of
them signaled a waiter to take their order. They had much to discuss
"You're willing to drop this suit if I agree to marry your little
mongrel?"

"Consider it the dowry," Lucius said evenly, unaffected by Crouch's
disinterested demeanor.

Crouch shook his head and smiled unpleasantly. It looked awkward on him.
Barty Crouch Jr. was not built to be a sinister man. He was pale,
gangly, with straw colored hair and freckles. There was nothing
aristocratic or commanding in his posture that demanded instant respect.
What he did have, however, was a reputation for being a man you did not
want to cross and an inability to be intimidated by anything or anyone.
He was also known for being quite mad. His lawyer, a rather flabby man
with a neat mustache, was sweating profusely next to him.

Robert had seen men like this before. They often worked for the
unscrupulous sort and expected at any moment to be caught in their
misdeeds. He had never had much sympathy for such men before today.
While nothing they were discussing was strictly illegal, it was
unquestionably immoral and he was feeling rather uncomfortable himself.

"You'll have to do better than that. My reputation is on the line here.
Even if I were in the market for a bride, which I'm not, I've made my…
*preferences* known. A mewling little mudblood isn't on my list."

Lucius rolled his eyes.

"Does it look like I care about your preferences? If she were to your
preference then I wouldn't be offering to absolve your debt. I require
recompense. An exchange. You take her off of my hands and I forget the
several thousand galleons plus interest you owe. I don't care what you
do with her afterwards. Keep her, divorce her, drown her in a bloody
moat, whatever you like. Just as long as she's out of my family once and
for all."

Crouch let out an annoyed huff and gestured for the waiter.

"If you want her out of your family, disown her. I know you have a
perverse enjoyment for elaborate games, but you're complicating a very
simple situation. I'll have the house Pinot Noir," he said to the waiter
as he approached, and then gestured to the other men to order.

"I'll have the Aveleda," Lucius said dismissively, and continued while
their lawyers made their selection. "This is not a matter of tossing out
an old pair of boots, Barty, this is about revenge-"

Crouch burst out laughing, and the waiter quickly scurried away.

"What did she do? Not curtsy deep enough for you? Since when do little
girls merit your genteel attention?"

Lucius scowled. "It was a personal affront that I have no intention of
elaborating on. Needless to say a simple disowning is not enough. For
all her many short comings, stupidity isn't one of them. If I disown
her, she'll find her own way and think herself ever so clever for it."

"But throw her to me and she'll really be sorry, is that it? You're a
riot, Lucius, you really are," he said, smiling insipidly. The Malfoy
patriarch didn't rise to the bait, and gestured for him to give his
response. Crouch sighed, and turned to his lawyer. "Can he do what he
says?"

The portly man jumped, startled at being addressed after being ignored
for so long.

"Er…I… I don't see w-why not. Th-there's nothing illegal about it i-if
you break it d-down into it's separate p-parts. A marriage, a dowry, an
absolution of debt."

Crouch turned to Robert. "Is this your idea then?"

"No," he said pointedly, biting of the series of epitaph's that sprung
to mind at the suggestion.

"Is it legal?"

"As far the absolution of debt goes? Yes. I am not a marriage lawyer,
however. I am not certain of the legalities for marrying off school
children."

*Bloody hell, did I say that out loud?* Judging by the glare Lucius sent
his way, yes he had. Damn. Crouch, however, laughed.

"Why don't you have balls like that?" Crouch asked his lawyer, who just
shrunk into his chair. The waiter arrived with their wine, and each man
took his glass. "He's got a point though. How old is your thorn?
Fourteen? Fifteen?"

"Technically, she's sixteen and will be seventeen next April.
Officially, however, I moved her birthday back some months so she
wouldn't be legally older than Draco. Less confusion about inheritance
that way. I can probably have it changed back."

"Hhhmm… just a baby," he said idly. "She won't last long. Alright,
you've got my attention. Write up the contracts and I'll have my other
lawyers look at them."

"Excellent. I'll have the papers for you by Wednesday."

The conversation switched to politics and gossip (not often
distinguishable), which normally Robert would have found infinitely
fascinating. How many people got to sit down next the Commander General
and the Head of Foreign Intelligence after all? At the moment, however,
he was more disturbed than anything. He thought of his daughters, of his
two beautiful muggleborn daughters, and that some one could have done
something like this to them too. In that moment, he despised the both of
them and he despised himself for his role in this entire disgusting
affair.

What could he do? Quit, yes. For all the good it would do. The plot
would continue and he would be out of job with two mortgages and a
family to feed. He would need some sort of back up plan if intended to
leave Malfoy's employ. Kyle would know what to do. Kyle was a god damn
genius compared to him when it came to morality and decision making.

As he was considering how he would approach his husband on the matter, a
name Robert recognized drew his attention back to the conversation.

"Kingsley got promoted again, did you hear?" Crouch said, idly. "Well,
in a manner of speaking. He's on protection duty for that Potter boy.
The Dark Lord picked him personally."

"Yes, with that Umbridge woman gone, there hasn't been anyone capable of
keeping him from rising up the ranks. I heard the entire Juvenile
Justice Department threw a party when she was declared legally dead."

"I admit I opened a bottle of Martell when I heard the news. She really
was an annoying woman. Useful, but annoying."

"Let us hope, Mr. Kinglsey outlives the late Madam Umbridge. Although,
he never said it plain, Severus implied that Potter held some sort of
responsibility for her death. He's proven himself quite the Albatross to
the unwary. Isn't that right, Robert?"

"… I am afraid I know of no one he is responsible for the death of."

"And yet death seems to follow him around."

"That could be said of a lot of people," he said pointedly.

Crouch laughed.

"Balls the size the mars, by god!"

---

"So I can pick any animal?" Harry asked, skimming through an
encyclopedia of animals. He had picked a page at random, and was
currently looking at kangaroos. That looked like a fun animal, he
thought. You could hop away really fast or kick someone good and hard if
you were so inclined. Rather conspicuous in Britain though.

It was early morning, just before sunrise, and the round house was still
dim even with the windows open. Sirius was already up and had left to go
hunting, unlikely to return until that afternoon, and Kingsley had taken
the opportunity to take care of his own business before he got back. The
wizard had recovered from his injuries the night before and was sticking
close to Harry, particularly when Sirius was around. The Head Alpha,
however, had held true to his warning and appeared to be resolutely
ignoring his godson in favor of pack business and thus ignoring
Kingsley. The deception was now thoroughly developed.

Remus took advantage of his friend's absence to begin the particulars of
his animagus lessons. He had been decidedly unimpressed with the young
wizard's grasp of the process so far.

"No, not any animal," Remus said, sorting through a trunk (Harry
suspected there was a small library fit inside of it for the amount of
rummaging his godfather had been doing), and deciding which ones to send
off with Harry first. "Most people find themselves limited to certain
*types* of animals, and have to choose between them. Sirius was limited
to canines and bears. It took some convincing that a Grizzly Bear wasn't
nearly as practical as a dog."

"My dad was a stag though, right? That doesn't seem very useful either."

"You'd be surprised. He was the fastest runner of all of us, and if
necessary he had the antlers to fight with and the strength to back him
up. It was certainly better than his other options."

"What were those?"

"Goats and sheep, for one. Boars for another. He chose a red deer in the
end."

"Huh… so how will we know which ones I can do?"

"Process of elimination."

Harry looked up from his article on king penguins. "No way! That'll take
forever!"

Remus shrugged. "It will take a while. We'll start at classes[^114-4]; you
know birds, reptiles, mammals, etc. I've never heard of anyone being
able to move between classes; which will leave us with a lot of orders
we'll have to wade through."

"Hm."

While it certainly might have been interesting finding and picking his
animagus form, he was rather impatient to start the actual
transformation. He couldn't imagine a form that he couldn't have all
sorts of fun in.

"So how do we figure all of that out? Is there a spell? A potion?"

"There's tea."

Harry just stared at him.

"…Tea?"

"Yes. You are aware of the practice of divination? Reading tea leaves is
the traditional way to determine one's animagus form."

He wasn't convinced, and was actually considering the possibility that
Remus was playing a joke on him. That was more Sirius' thing, but with
him being Head Alpha perhaps he had hand off teasing Harry to his Beta.
It wasn't until the man finally found the book he was apparently looking
for in his trunk, and handed it to Harry that it even seemed remotely
plausible.

*Babylonia's Compendium of Practical Tassomancy; Theory, Techniques, and
Recipes[^114-5].* It was thick and heavy, and when he opened it he found the
writing miniscule and compacted.

"Geh."

"Don't worry, you won't have to read all of it. Just the chapter on
'revealing your animal form'."

Harry checked the index and flipped to the chapter he needed. It easily
took up a third of the book.

"Oh, come on!"

"No pain, no gain. Now start reading. I want you to read all of the
theories before you leave so that I can make sure you understand what
you need to do."

"Can't I just do all of this here?"

"Not unless you're extremely lucky. It will probably take weeks, maybe
months of hit and miss before you find the ones you need."

Harry grumbled about the unfairness of the universe and being forced to
do this much heavy reading during the summer. Remus happily ignored him,
leafing through his other books and bookmarking relevant chapters, and
then placing them out of sight. When Kingsley returned, Remus excused
himself to attend to his pack duties leaving his godson with
instructions to do his 'homework'. Harry sulked, but did as he was told.
The sooner he got it out of the way the sooner he would be able to get
to the fun stuff.

It wasn't until several minutes later that he realized Kingsley was
looking at him.

"What?" he asked, trying not to sound as irritated as he felt.

"Nothing. Are you okay?"

"I'm fine. Why wouldn't I be?"

"You were very quiet yesterday. You never said what you talked about
with Blackbone after I left."

"It really wasn't any of your business," he said pointedly, and then
grimaced. Yeah, he wasn't jerk. Although, honestly, it really wasn't
Kingsley's business. His bad mood didn't even have anything to do with
Sirius. "It was pack matters."

Kingsley looked skeptical. "For six hours?"

"Yes."

"Harry… if you don't feel comfortable staying here, all you have to do
is say so. Lord Voldemort made it clear to me that you had full
discretion on the matter."

"Then I say we stay for the three days we've been invited for. If you
feel the need to go, be my guest." Wow, he really was in a worse mood
than he thought. It had been pretty crummy since his talk with Luna the
day before, followed by a night of being ignored by Sirius, and waking
up to the summer homework from hell.

"I have no intention of leaving you here alone," Kingsley said shortly,
showing a bit of his own impatience at Harry's attitude.

"I have Remus."

"Remus will side with Blackbone in almost anything, just like everyone
else here. I'm the only one here who's on your side and not his."

Harry glared at Kingsley.

"I don't think you know enough about werewolves or Remus to make that
sort of generalization. Remus isn't some brown-nose gofer. And neither
is anyone else here. I don't need you to protect me."

"Do you honestly believe that?"

Harry didn't bother to answer, merely turned back to his book. He didn't
feel like arguing with the man, especially when he knew there were no
plausible arguments he could give and still keep up the façade Sirius
was so carefully crafting. It might be underhanded and unfair to
Kingsley, but as far as priorities went his godfathers came before a
stranger, no matter how nice he seemed.

---

Ron counted his supplies and then recounted them again, moving them
about so that they could be readily available when he needed them. He
couldn't afford to be caught off guard or to flounder. This was more
dangerous than any potion he had ever brewed or any spell he had ever
cast, and he knew there would be consequences if he did it wrong.

Deadly consequences.

But he was prepared. He had read the spell a hundred times, and gathered
all the right ingredients. He had double checked to make sure everything
was fresh and of good quality. Even the cat was fat and sleek, if more
than a little anxious squirming around in its cage.

For the last week, Ron had been working to convert the basement of his
foster parents' house to his purposes. He had managed to move several
boxes and chests of useless junk to the farthest end of the room to make
space for his alter, and then scoured the floor clean of impurities as
the book had instructed. He had even thought to burn some sage, as he
had seen Potter do when ever he was to perform one of his more powerful
spells.

He had also drawn a protection symbol for him to stand in during the
spell. The book had said it was necessary to have protection drawn
before performing the spell, but hadn't specified whish sort to use. He
had to find another book for that, and eventually decided on the sigil
that looked most like the one he had also seen Potter use before.

There was a grim sort of satisfaction in knowing that the self-righteous
prat had proven useful with this even though he hadn't meant to. This
old magic wasn't nearly as complicated as the Gryffindor had made it out
to be. Once he had found the right book, which admittedly had taken some
serious searching in the less than reputable parts of Oxford, Coventry,
*and* Glascow, it had all been relatively easy to find what he needed.
The raggedy black book was old enough that the necessary ingredients the
spells called for could all be found in the British Isles and did not
require the more sophisticated harvesting and preparation that spells of
the industrial age tended to lean towards. Most of the items he had
needed he could find in the garden (or one of the neighbor's gardens) or
the town pharmacy.

The only real difficulty was making sure his foster parents didn't guess
what he was up to. They seemed convinced he had become some sort of
hooligan since his fight with Draco and had been watching him like a
hawk when ever they were around. Which fortunately didn't include a
large chunk of the day when they were both at work. He was always very
cautious to seem bored and sulky when they were around, and scurrying
around trying to get things done when they weren't.

Now everything was ready.

He would perform the spell and then clean up all the evidence long
before either of them got back. He had plenty of time. At least, if he
started now…

The basement door was locked, the protective sigil was drawn, and
everything he needed was there. His hands felt clammy and he wiped them
on his trousers. Maybe he should take off his clothes?

This was bound to get messy.

It was cold down here though. His hands were already shaking. It didn't
matter, he decided. Best to get it all done with as quickly as possible
and then he could take a hot shower. He'd burn the robes. No evidence.

He moved to kneel in the center of the ritual circle, and opened the
spell book. He could recount the words by heart now, but he didn't dare
try this without a reference to turn to. Skimming it one more time and
confirming that it had not sprouted any additional instructions while he
wasn't looking, he reached for the paring knife.

The cat let out a distressed yowl.

"Sorry, fella," he said, grimacing in sympathy. "It's nothing personal."

Then he closed his eyes and began to recite.

\~ Author's Notes\~

Amniotic fluid contains stem cells, which in case you didn't know, are
cells that can divide to become differentiated cell types such as skin
cells or blood cells or t cells or whatever. My thought here is that
through magic, the stem cells in amniotic fluid would become egg cells
and incorporate DNA from Ira's white blood cells in her blood to create
viable Ira egg cell so she wouldn't have to get a donor egg and whatever
child she has would genetically be hers as well as Snape's.

Somehow I just don't see witches and wizards studying cellular biology.
Spellwork and potions don't work on that finite a level, and most
non-magical techniques would only be used if they were particularly
obvious, such as checking the pulse with the fingers or checking eyes
for dilation for diagnosis and rarely used for treatment except in
emergency situations where the necessary potions or equipment might not
be available.

By classes, I mean the classes of animals according to Linnaeus's
taxonomic classification. This includes mammals, birds, reptiles,
amphibians, fish, insects, and invertebrates (not including insects).
Orders of animals would be like canines (which include all dog-like
species) or equines (which include all horse-like species)

Tassomancy is the practice of reading tea leaves.