# Lies Within Truth, Truth Within Lies

Harry stared at Inquisitor Amelon for a moment, his expression blank.
Then he tilted his head to the side and shrugged.

"It looks vaguely familiar."

Amelon chuckled, the cut of his beard making his grin appear to stretch
across the width of his face.

"And the curse? Do you recognize that?"

"I know it," he admitted as if it didn't mean a thing.

There was still a chance it wouldn't. Voldemort already knew about the
curse. Sort of. Harry had told the Dark Lord there was a curse on Malfoy
and had never been asked to go into detail. No one had, except for
Snape, who kept the secret for reasons of his own. "How do you?"

He asked it both out of genuine curiosity and as a distraction.

"A pair of mutual acquaintances mentioned it in passing," Amelon
explained.

"Ah... you interrogated the Weasley twins then."

Ron had told him about them being arrested for potentially hiding
Hermione, so it was only natural that Amelon would have asked them
questions about Harry. How had it come around to the matter of the
stolen book? Was it happenstance or had the book they had previously
questioned in their last letter still left them suspicious, particularly
after the death of a known and formidable foe not long after?

"They were very reticent to discuss anything about you at first. A
couple of my boys wanted to have a go at them to see who could make them
talk first, but I've always preferred a good Truth Potion. More
efficient. More humane."

"You've obviously never studied how a truth potion is *made,* sir," he
snapped irritably. The truth was he didn't really care about the rather
unpleasant methodology involved in brewing that particular potion, but
he felt indignant on the Weasley twins' behalf. The thought of anyone
dosing him with Veritaserum and interrogating him was too horrifying to
contemplate for a variety of reasons. If he didn't handle this situation
properly, however, he had a feeling that was exactly what Amelon would
try to do to him.

"We removed the memory of the interrogation itself," Amelon continued as
if he hadn't been interrupted. "Couldn't have them running off to warn
you of the secrets they spilled. Not that it would have made a
difference. I doubt they would have been able to find you or get to you
even if they had. Not even *I* could do that, and I have to tell you
that's a first for me."

Harry rolled his eyes and clapped.

"Bravo! Well done! You've caught your man at last. I had Fred and George
steal the book from the library. I cast that curse on Lucius Malfoy. I'm
sure a clever man like you can guess why."

Amelon did not seem the least bit put off by the mockery.

"To blackmail General Malfoy into calling off Miss Granger's betrothal,
I assume."

"Exactly. You've figured it all out. The only problem is that it has
absolutely nothing to do with your case. I broke that curse weeks before
the Christmas ball, as soon as I got what I wanted. I even told the Dark
Lord what I intended to do. And Snape. And Draco Malfoy found out about
it later. Merlin, I can't even call it a secret given how many people
know about it. General *Malfoy* knew about it, even if he couldn't prove
it. It was all just a game. A dangerous, twisted game. Lord Voldemort
would be so proud."

The Inquisitor shook his head and wagged his finger at Harry as if he
were a naughty child.

"Mmm... no, I don't think so. I talked to the Dark Lord already about
this. He knew you intended to blackmail Malfoy and break the spell, but
he didn't say anything about knowing you cast the curse."

Harry turned away and started to pace the room in agitation.

"Do you think he would ever admit to such a thing? It would have been
admitting he helped to nearly destroy Malfoy, his right hand. Not the
sort of gossip you want floating around the office. It makes the
employees nervous about pursuing a promotion."

"True, *but* whatever the level of the Dark Lord's involvement, I
seriously doubt he would have allowed you to cast a curse that
deteriorated Malfoy's *mind* as well as his body. His good judgment was
rather essential, given his position."

"And you think I would? You think I forgot what it was precisely he did
for a living? I despised the man, but I knew the importance of what he
did. The spell... it was supposed to make him sick in the body, not the
head. I... It was an unexpected side effect. Lord Voldemort didn't know
either... at least, I don't think so. You can go back and ask him
yourself, if you dare. I'll do it for you if you like."

He would too. Not because he cared about the answer, but because the
numbing despair that had plagued him was receding with this newest
battle. It was battle of wits, true, not his specialty, but it was a
dangerous game just the same. One that might cost him dearly. Might cost
others dear to him even more, and while it didn't make him feel *happy*
precisely, he felt distinctly *alive*. Alive and angry and reckless and
wanting a fight, a battle, a target to unleash those barbed emotions
that had been tearing him up inside the longer he kept them to himself.
Amelon was a start, but he couldn't be the final triumph. Even if
somehow he managed to walk away having convinced the Inquisitor of his
lies and that his current line of investigation was fruitless, he
couldn't imagine it as any sort of victory. This little verbal spar was
nothing more than the beating of war drums, something to stir the blood
in preparation for something more. Something dangerous. Something
*worse*.

Amelon's eyes stared at him, wide and unblinking, but it was not fear
Harry saw there. It was anticipation. It suddenly occurred to him this
man wanted the same thing Harry did, only as an observer rather than a
participant. He wondered what it was the man hoped he would see. Was it
a sadistic need to watch curses inflicted and pain dealt out or was it
something else? A need to see the veneer of societal tranquility and
politeness fall away to reveal... what? Harry didn't know the name of it
or the words to describe it. Perhaps it was simply 'insanity'.

He resented it being reduced to a sideshow for a gawker, whatever it
was.

"I may take you up on that, Lord Potter, but I would like to ask you a
few more questions before involving a third party."

Harry sighed in frustration and started to pace again.

"Ask then."

"Where is the original book?"

"I don't know what you're talking about."

"The book you used originally to cast the curse, of course. This book
here is the second copy you used to break the curse."

Harry's steps slowed.

"I don't know what you mean."

"There's no point in being evasive *now*, young man. You've been proudly
open about your roguish behavior up to this point."

The younger wizard said nothing. Amelon sighed.

"I know this was not the original book you used. You already admitted
that you cast the curse as a means of manipulating General Malfoy into
breaking off Miss Granger's betrothal, which you could not have been
made aware of until this previous summer. At that time, London was still
being occupied by the Italians. Despite your reputation, I still find it
highly unlikely that you planned a trip to the library in the middle of
a war zone, broke through the building's defenses, and navigated your
way to the archives to browse through several hundred thousand volumes
in search of a spell you had no prior knowledge of existing."

Harry thought to argue, but quickly realized how easily his own
explanations would fail. He could not say he had gone himself. Amelon
would question how he had done it, and Harry couldn't bluff something
that required so much detail. If he said he sent someone else, he would
have to say who and explain again why he hadn't sent the same person a
second time instead of enlisting Fred and George. And how would he
explain knowing about the book in the first place?

"It was destroyed," Harry said instead.

"I figured as much. It was an accident, I assume, rather than an attempt
to destroy evidence. You did intend to end the curse, after all, so it
would have been more practical to keep it than attempt to find another
copy. It is very rare. Only three known copies, in fact."

Harry knew that. He had been incredibly lucky to find even one intact,
and that one had been something of a nightmare to obtain. It made
Amelon's next question rather obvious, but still uncomfortable.

"Which begs the question of where you found the first copy. I'm having
some of my people track down the other two, but perhaps you might spare
them the tedium by just telling me? Was it amongst one of the Dark
Lord's private libraries, perhaps? A curious piece of literature brought
to you by a classmate familiar with your studies in the Old Magics?"

Harry stopped pacing. Amelon waited. Harry waited. Amelon broke first.

"Ah, you have no benign explanation to give me, do you? It was not
something you merely stumbled upon. Someone showed it to you. Someone
with very bad intentions."

Harry shook his head and started to pace again.

"This is pointless. Whatever or whoever was involved with that book, it
had nothing to do with Lucius' death."

"You don't think so? Or you don't want it to? After all, most of my
suspects are friends and close associates of yours. Headmaster Snape,
your guardian and mentor. A former Death Eater and with a complex
relationship with the general, he certainly has the capability and the
cunning. Your missing friend, Hermione Granger, a known bibliophile and
scholar, she may have stumbled upon the book any number of places, and
she certainly has plenty of reasons to see her foster father dead. Lord
Draco Malfoy, also a friend, who stands to inherit his father's wealth
and titles and simultaneously relieve himself of his father's
overbearing supervision and censure regarding his... affections... for
his muggleborn foster sister."

"None of them showed me the book in the first place. They never even
knew of the spell's existence. If you keep following this it's going to
lead you absolutely nowhere, and if you waste Lord Voldemort's time with
it, he'll kill you."

"Hhmm..." Amelon looked speculative but not convinced. "That's very
gentlemanly of you to warn me, under the circumstances. *Expelliarmus.*"

Harry's arm jerked sharply as his wand flew from his sleeve and into the
Inquisitor's hand. He sprung after it but had to pull back when Amelon's
wand pointed itself squarely at his chest.

"What are you doing?!" he demanded.

"No worries, Lord Potter," the elder wizard said amicably. "I have every
intention of returning it to you. I imagine at the end of things you'll
walk away from all this one murderous friend fewer, but otherwise
unscathed. It is only that I intend to lock you in this tower- I know
it's a terrible cliché- while I go to the Dark Lord to get my warrant."

"You're arresting me?"

"No, but I am going to interrogate you. Unfortunately, for someone of
your rank and association with the Dark Lord, his permission is required
before I can administer Veritaserum."

Harry recoiled as if Amelon had suddenly burst into oozing pustules.

"Yes, that tends to be most people's reactions. Hence, I am borrowing
your wand. It wouldn't do for you to run away or attempt to warn one of
your little conspirators or something equally inconvenient. *Sentinel
Burrows! Sentinel Underhill!*"

The door to the tower swung open, and two wizards marched into the room.
They were both tall and rangy, and if not for the last names Harry would
have thought they were brothers. Though it was Amelon who had summoned
them, their eyes remained fixed on the unarmed wizard in the tower
instead, looking him over from head to toe without giving away what they
had concluded.

"Sentinel Burrows and Sentinel Underhill will remain here to make sure
you're comfortable," Amelon said. "I might be gone for a while. Try to
keep out of trouble."

Harry made a rude gesture in response, which only made the Inquisitor
smile as he ambled out of the room. Once the man was gone, he started to
pace again, his fingers twitching at his side for want of a wand, a
weapon, a broom, anything that would get him out of his current
predicament. His guards did not move or speak, but their eyes followed
his every movement and gesture. Harry found he hated them for no reason
at all.

"I don't suppose either of you would mind if I pop off to the loo for a
minute?"

In an eerie synchronization, both men crossed their arms. Neither said a
word.

Harry let out a sigh and stalked out onto the balcony. He intentionally
stood in view of the doorway, not wanting them to follow him outside.
Leaning over the side of the balcony, he took a deep breath and tried to
think. He was hours, maybe only minutes away from being interrogated
under Veritaserum which would not only reveal Ron's involvement with the
curse, but also Snape's complicity, the knowledge that Hermione was
somewhere in France, and any number of other secrets that might slip
out. He had no wand and was surrounded by guards. Competent guards at
that.

He was just contemplating the chances of successfully achieving an
animagus transformation now that his exhaustion seemed to have been
replaced with anger and whether he could achieve it quickly enough to
escape his guards before they stopped him, when he spotted Bobby
fluttering up and down trying to catch his attention. Harry glanced back
behind him quickly to see if the guards had noticed him, but their
attention seemed firmly planted on him so that when he turned back
around he made it a point to only look at the raven out of the corner of
his eye.

He whispered a name, and no sooner was it said than Bobby disappeared,
his inky black body fading into the shadows of the castle.

---

Predictably, the Headmaster Office's windows were locked, and even a
magical practitioner of Bobby's skill would have been hard pressed to
open them. So he went down the chimney. This was not in any way ideal,
since in addition to having to put out the fire burning in the hearth,
there was also an unfortunate amount of soot and ash that followed him
as he burst into the little room.

His unexpected entrance was greeted with the expected results. Snape,
previously working diligently at his desk, jumped to his feet in
surprise and started tossing out curses and colorful invectives every
which way, half blinded by the black cloud that had enveloped him. Bobby
dipped and dived to avoid being blasted to pieces, until he found the
opportunity to speak.

"Stop, stop, you madman! It's just me!" he cawed indignantly and swooped
to avoid a spell that melted one of the frames on the wall into purplish
goo. The portrait previously occupying the frame had luckily ducked into
his neighbor's frame but had a few invectives of his own to share with
Snape.

"What do you think you're doing bursting in here like that? Look what
you did to my office!" Snape snarled.

"It was just a little soot! I'm not the one who started flinging around
curses."

Snape raised his wand, this time with perfect aim, and Bobby knew he
would be in trouble if he didn't talk fast.

"Amelon locked Harry in the tower!"

The headmaster paused, blinked, scowled, and lowered his wand.

"Explain."

Bobby hurriedly told him what he had overheard in the Astronomy tower
and that Amelon would be returning shortly with a warrant. The more the
raven said the less expression Snape seemed to have until the messenger
might as well have been speaking to a wall. When Bobby was done, the
headmaster moved to sit back in his chair and tap the ends of his
fingertips together thoughtfully. Bobby hopped about anxiously on his
desk, waiting for the man to do something. When Snape's thoughts finally
seemed to reach their conclusion, he set his hands on the armrests and
let out a shout that nearly startled him out of his feathers.

"HINKY!"

A moment later, a house elf 'popped' into existence in the middle of the
room. She was a dainty little thing with exceptionally long hands and
feet so that she rather resembled a tailless wallaby. Her large eyes
scanned the room with the nervous quickness of a bird.

"Oh, Headmaster, sir, your office! It's in such a state! Oh! A bird's
gotten in! Poor thing, poor thing! Hinky will set it out, sir, right
away!"

"Never mind the bird, Hinky!" Snape said sharply, derailing her from her
helpful intentions. "I need you to find Ronald Weasley and bring him
here immediately. Then get my potions case from my quarters. The black
and silver one in the linen closet. It's imperative it be done quickly."

"Yes, Headmaster, sir. Hinky will get it done, sir. Might I just-"

She made vague gesture towards the raven on his desk, which puffed
indignantly. Snape's bland expression hardened.

"I have given you your task, Hinky. Don't make me repeat myself."

"Yes, sir! I mean no, sir! Hinky goes, sir!"

She disappeared as quickly as she appeared. Bobby asked Snape what he
had planned and how he was going to help Harry, but the headmaster
ignored him in favor of thinking silently to himself. Minutes seemed to
crawl by as Bobby waited for Snape to speak, for Ronald Weasley to
appear, for Amelon and his warrant, for *anything* to happen. He thought
about Snape's possible plan, as he clearly had one, if it would save
Harry or doom him, and what sort of scenario might unfold for either to
occur. He wondered if Harry was waiting as anxiously as he was or if he
had done something rash. He hadn't missed the speculative look the young
wizard had given the distance between the tower balcony and the ground.

Finally, *finally*, there was a knock on the door and Snape bid
entrance. Ronald Weasley shuffled in with a sulky, cautious look that
only worsened when he took in the state of the headmaster's office.

"I had absolutely *nothing* to do with it," he said defensively.

"If you are referring to the soot, then I assure you there is no need to
convince me of your innocence, but as for the reason I summoned you, I
am afraid you are unquestionably complicit. Unfortunately for you, the
latyer is a graver matter than the former. Sit down, Mr. Weasley."

Ron did so and found himself staring face-to-face with the raven. He
inched his chair away from it.

"Potter's familiar," Snape explained.

"I thought he had the snake."

"And an owl. And a raven as well now. But I did not call you here to
discuss Potter's growing menagerie. Inquisitor Amelon has become aware
of the curse you cast on Lucius Malfoy."

Ron went rigid in his chair. His eyes darted around the room, as if
expecting the man to suddenly appear from a shadowy corner.

"He is not yet aware it is you who cast it, but he has deduced that Mr.
Potter was in some way involved. He has gone to retrieve a warrant to
interrogate him under Veritaserum. I suspect he will have his warrant
and that the Dark Lord will come to witness the interrogation himself.
Do I need to tell you how badly this could turn out for you?"

Ron said nothing, but the suddenly vivid contrast of his freckles
against white skin made an answer redundant.

"What are you going to do?" the boy asked instead.

Snape steepled his fingers and looked at him steadily for a moment.

"I am going to save you, Mr. Weasley, and then you are going to owe me a
life debt. Something I have always found useful to have."

Ron stared back at him for a long time, then seemed to realize how
stupid that was to do with a Legilimens and looked down. He nodded. What
other choice did he have?

A sudden pop made everyone flinch, but it was only Hinky with Snape's
potion case. Once she had deposited it on Snape's desk as instructed,
she looked once more to the raven still perched there. He cawed at her
in annoyance.

"You may return in ten minutes to clean the room, Hinky," the Headmaster
said.

"And, er... the bird, sir?"

"Ten minutes, Hinky, and if it is still here you may fry it up and eat
it for all I care."

"Oh, sir, yes! I mean, not that I would eat it, sir. I mean... ten
minutes!"

She disappeared yet again.

Snape wasted no time and opened the case. Neither Ron nor Bobby was in
any position to see what was inside, but they could hear the distinct
sound of glass clinking together. Finally, the elder wizard pulled out a
vial of transparent blue liquid and another, smaller vial that appeared
to be empty. He poured some of the blue liquid into the smaller vial,
then capped it.

"Come here," he said, holding out an empty hand to the raven.
Reluctantly, Bobby climbed onto it, and Snape took him to the nearest
window. Softly, so that Ron wouldn't hear, he whispered his instructions
to the raven and handed it a vial, which it clutched tightly to its own
body so that it was left to stand on only one leg. Snape opened the
window, letting in a gust of cold winter air and letting out his avian
messenger.

He shut the window again and turned to Ron.

"This is what we're going to do."

---

Viktor found himself at the newsstand once again, where he often seemed
to find himself these days, looking for some glimmer of a feeling he had
once held for humanity. Most nights he felt little more than
disappointment. Goethe had told him this apathy was to be expected.
Eventually, he would cease to identify himself with humans at all,
muggle or wizard, and then life... un-life would finally feel like it
was moving forward again.

The idea made him uneasy. It made him feel disloyal, but to what or whom
he couldn't say.

Tonight, however, he was not feeling his usual apathy. In fact, he
thought he might have just fallen in love.

Again.

"Hhhmm, she *is* a pretty little thing, isn't she?" Goethe chuckled in
his ear, his chin coming to rest on his shoulder. "With a taste for
blood it would seem. We should invite her around for a cup of tea."

Viktor shoved him off and approached the stand. The crowd of customers
parted for him like a school of fish from a shark. The owner of the
stand merely looked at him curiously, having long become used to his
brooding visitor.

"How old is this paper?" he asked in French roughened by his native
accent.

"It is six days since it was published in England, Monsieur. That is the
soonest we can get them through customs," the owner said.

"Do you have any others?"

"Other English papers?"

"Yes."

"I have the *Daily Prophet*as well, but it always arrives eight days
after print. Customs always hacks it to pieces before they send it
through."

Krum gave a disappointed sigh, but the owner spoke again.

"You are following the investigation of that double murder in England? I
have French articles too!"

There were indeed several newspapers carrying articles similar to the
British paper*,*but none of them carried a photograph of the girl that
had caught his attention in the first place. Nevertheless, he bought
them along with the *Wizards Weekly.*

Goethe needled and teased him for the rest of the night, but Viktor
tolerated it. He deserved to be taunted after all. It was foolish to
still love her. Foolish and a little bit wonderful too to realize he was
still capable of it.

---

It was after eight by the time Amelon reached the military headquarters
in Bristol, but the offices were still full and chaotic. No one had kept
banking hours since Malfoy and Crouch's deaths had led to a major
reorganization across several departments and a major counter offensive
strike by the Germans was expected at any moment. Amelon kept that in
mind as he was shuffled from department to department, office to office,
bureaucratic peon to officious idiot over the course of an hour and a
half in pursuit of his warrant. It could have been worse, he reminded
himself. The Dark Lord might have been gone for the night, and he would
have had to wait until morning.

Eventually, he was brought to the Dark Lord's office and only had to
wait another thirty minutes in the reception area before he was shown
inside. Voldemort greeted him with a blood-red glare that gave him
pause, but he decided it was fortuitous to have his attention so
quickly. Normally, he had to work much harder.

"Lord Potter just confessed to casting dark magic against General Malfoy
and blackmail."

Voldemort smirked.

"Oh, really? A confession makes the need for a Truth Potion seem rather
redundant," the Dark Lord said, tapping the request for the warrant with
his finger. Amelon was momentarily taken back then delighted.

"He said you knew he had cast the curse."

"He lied. He denied ever knowing the curse's origin, and I believed him.
He's typically more direct about his intentions. Gryffindor, you know.
Is that the curse?"

His red eyes flickered to the red book tucked beneath the Inquisitor's
arm. Amelon looked for recognition but saw only curiosity. He handed it
to the Dark Lord to see if he would open it to the correct page, but he
checked the index first and thumbed through it until he found a likely
selection.

"This one, yes?" he said, not bothering to look up. "Oh, this is lovely.
Very artful, even for the Old Magics."

"Lord Potter lied about the book as well. There was another copy, but it
was destroyed. I believe someone else cast the spell or else tricked him
into casting it for them."

"I doubt Harry could have been tricked into casting this. It is in every
way a curse requiring *will*. He would have had to *will* Lucius dead.
To be honest I don't think he had it in him to cast this spell at all.
To break it certainly, just as he said he did, but to cast it? He didn't
like Lucius, but he didn't know him well enough to *hate* him."

"Not even for Miss Granger's sake?"

"If Lucius had actually *harmed* her rather than simply threatened her,
then maybe. But he didn't... An accomplice is highly likely. Hhhmm...
have you read this?"

"I have. I am afraid it didn't make much sense to me."

"It's just very curious. Lucius was diagnosed with a sort of wasting
sickness caused by excessive exposure to dark magic. It is what caused
his deterioration both physically and mentally months previously, but
this spell doesn't cause these things. Not directly, in any event."

"Then how does it work?"

"I am not entirely sure. Let's go ask Harry."

Although it had taken nearly two hours to reach the Dark Lord, it had
barely taken two minutes for the man to secure his office, inform his
secretary to rearrange his schedule, and secure a private floo into
Hogsmeade. When Amelon pointed out that they hadn't retrieved any
Veritaserum, the Dark Lord pointed out that the school always had a
supply on hand.

"For educational purposes," he clarified. "Although I suppose the
headmasters have found use for it from time to time. I am not certain it
will be necessary to use it."

Amelon actually hesitated for a moment. Voldemort rolled his eyes.

"I'm not going to torture the boy."

"I would never imply such a thing, my Lord."

"Why not? I've done it plenty of times before."

The Inquisitor had no response to that and Voldemort felt no need to
tease him. In truth, he was hoping that neither Veritaserum nor torture
would be necessary. He was well aware his relationship with Harry had
suffered upon Malfoy and Crouch's death. While he maintained the
certainty that sacrificing Miss Granger to the press was still the right
decision, he also understood Harry's anger regarding the matter.

Harry's anger was a formidable thing. Not something he was afraid of,
per se, but it could make things difficult in the future, especially
since he still had plans for Harry that required cooperation. Then there
was of course the number of his secrets his protégé currently possessed.
Civic duty might stay his tongue for a while, but Voldemort knew if he
didn't curb some of his resentment there was no telling what Harry would
say eventually and to whom.

Amelon may have just provided the opportunity he needed to push Harry
back to his side. If the boy's accomplice turned out to be someone close
to the boy, then Voldemort thought he would be sufficiently motivated to
negotiate their pardon. There would be a punishment, for both Harry and
his accomplice, there was no way either could walk away from this
unscathed, but it needn't be devastating. The accomplice would know he
owed Voldemort his life and his freedom. Harry would be understandably
conflicted between gratitude, resentment, and admiration... which was
pretty much how things had been before. If he were lucky, Harry might
come to understand Granger's sacrifice wasn't meant as a punishment
against Harry and take a moment to look at the bigger picture.

He didn't hold out much hope for that, but there would always be other
opportunities.

If all of this eventually revealed Lucius and Bartemius' killer, than so
much the better. If Harry's accomplice turned out to be the killer, then
Harry would have some other party to feel betrayed by and to blame the
Granger girl's disgrace on. If it wasn't the accomplice, then perhaps
there was still the possibility of tracking down the true killer. If it
led to the girl's pardon, then so be it. If it didn't, the Dark Lord
would still have his own revenge to look forward to.

---

Hagrid's cabin was sweltering even on the coldest winter nights,
courtesy of an oversized furnace that doubled as a dragon egg incubator.
For once Charlie was thankful for this as he tramped through the door,
frozen stiff from traveling between his mother and aunt's house to the
remote wilds of the dragon reserve. Hot air enveloped him like a blanket
as he entered, and he stripped off his coat and gloves quickly to enjoy
it.

"Charlie," Hagrid boomed in greeting. "Welcome back! 'Ow was the visit
with the family?"

"Mum only cried once and no one was seriously injured, so I count it a
success," he said with a laugh. "Something smells good."

"I'm making lamb stew," McGunny said, bent over the stove in
concentration. Their amnesic guest had been with them half a year now,
and if Charlie had any misgivings about taking him in they had
disappeared completely by now. McGunny had greatly improved under
Hagrid's gentle, patient, and somewhat bumbling care. His memory was
still spotty, but he now had some sense of who he had been, and as long
as he wasn't distracted he could complete tasks given to him, although
he often forgot he had done them later in the day. He had even taken to
cooking regularly, without prompting, from whatever Hagrid had
available.

Charlie thought it was unfortunate that McGunny couldn't have spent the
holidays with his family. By now they must have thought him dead, and if
learning he was alive wouldn't have been a blessing enough then learning
he was so much improved from the condition he had been found in
certainly would have. However, no one was certain revealing his survival
and location was a good idea, so they hadn't gone looking for his kin.
Charlie consoled himself by remembering that Hagrid was McGunny's
closest friend and family these days, and Hagrid didn't deserve to spend
his holidays alone.

"Sounds wonderful. So how was your holiday?" Charlie asked them both.

"Much like any oth'r day, which lately 'ave all been pretty good,"
Hagrid answered. He grinned and tilted his head towards McGunny. "Horace
got some good news though."

"Oh? What sort of good news?" he asked.

McGunny continued to stare intently at the stew pot, making sure it
wasn't about ready to burn on the old wood stove. They waited a minute
to see if he would stop to pick up the conversation, but he refused to
be distracted. They shared a look and Hagrid just smiled.

"Gotta lett'r back from a publishing company down in Oxford. They're
interested in 'Orace's book."

"That's wonderful!"

And it was. The Dragon Sanctuary was small and funded by government tax
dollars, tax dollars that had become harder and harder to justify with
the war with Germany draining so much of their resources for their
military and national security. There was a lot of competition nowadays
with other organizations for the funds that remained, and Charlie could
certainly benefit from having two 'scholars' on staff contributing to
the scientific and educational communities with published work. Charlie
had a few papers of his own published from time to time, but no books
and certainly nothing as comprehensive as McGunny had been working on.

"I'm so proud of you both. You've been working so hard at the sanctuary
and then to write the book on top of it. It's really a wonder."

Hagrid tried to hide his proud grin, but it was plain enough to see even
beneath his mad beard.

"Thanks, Charlie. Tha' means the world com'n from ya. I was wonder'n if
you'd be will'n to do us a fav'r."

"Certainly, what is it?"

"Well, the publishers want to meet. Negotiate, I think. I ain't got the
'ead for that sort of thing, and 'Orace... well, I wouldn'a send 'im out
alone. Do you suppose you could go with 'im?"

While it was true Hagrid had no experience with negotiating, Charlie
thought, sadly, that wasn't the real reason he didn't want to go.
Despite the half-giant's tendency towards obliviousness of social
decorum, he was very aware that he didn't fit in most circles and
certainly not with a bunch of professional eggheads. He thought if he
went to meet the publishers they would change their minds about printing
anything contributed by him, and the sad truth of the matter was that he
was probably right.

"Sure, I can do that for you," he said pleasantly, not even hinting that
he knew the real reason. Hagrid had his pride, after all, and Charlie
wasn't going to prick it.

"Great! I'll let ya write'm back with a date an' time. 'Ow do ya like
tha' 'Orace?"

McGunny, who hadn't said a word through any of this, suddenly looked up
in confusion.

"About what?"

"Meet'n the publishers? In Oxford?"

"Oh... Do you still need to get some Christmas shopping done?"

Hagrid sighed affectionately and shook his head, not bothering to
mention Christmas had passed over a week ago.

"'E's excited to go, as ya can see."

"Did I already add lamb?"

"Yes, Horace, you added the lamb," Charlie confirmed, although he had no
way of knowing. It didn't matter, because McGunny was already
concentrating on dinner again and didn't appear to have heard him
anyway. Or rather, it *appeared* that McGunny was concentrating on
dinner. While it was true he was not what one might call a multi-tasker,
and even routine tasks up a great deal of his concentration, he had
improved enough over the last couple of months that he was now able to
hold *two* thoughts in his head rather than one, and the one he was most
preoccupied with had nothing to do with the stew and only a very little
to do with the Oxford publishers. His primary thought was that there was
probably an owlery in Oxford and that he should write a letter.

He wasn't precisely sure who that letter should be addressed to, but he
thought it was probably Harry Potter. What it should say, he hadn't even
that slight notion. Merry Christmas, maybe? That sounded daft even to
him. Wasn't Potter a pagan? Or was that the Dark Lord? At least he knew
he wasn't supposed to send a letter to the Dark Lord.

For the time being, his questions weren't urgent. Most things at the
sanctuary very rarely were. Eventually, he would figure it out. He had
been figuring out so many things these days. An overwhelming number of
things, even if at the end of the day he still felt like he knew very
little. Hagrid didn't mind though, and Charlie didn't either (at least
not now that he could remember the man's name was Charlie, although he
still had no idea what the man actually *did* at the sanctuary except
visit Hagrid occasionally), so that was fine too.

Tomorrow he would concentrate on his letter. Tonight, he would
concentrate on stew.

---

Hogwarts was silent as Voldemort and Amelon entered. Curfew was about to
start, and after a long day of travel and a heavy meal at dinner, no one
was lingering in the halls to challenge it. The doors to the Great Hall
were closed, the lanterns in the hall burned low, and their footsteps
echoed loudly in the corridors. Sentinels posted at various points
around the castle stood at attention as they passed, saluted, and
offered a muted 'My Lord'. That had not been nearly so welcoming when
Amelon had visited alone, and a part of the Inquisitor was reassured by
that. It wouldn't do for the guardians of the nation's most talented and
valuable children to be lax in their duties. It was why he wasn't
surprised that within five minutes of their arrival, the headmaster made
an appearance.

He appeared at the end of a corridor, slipping through a secret
passageway, coming into being like a shadow cast by the sudden movement
of a candle. He was dressed as austerely elegant as usual, no hint that
he had been in the process of retiring for the evening when the news
arrived. He spared Amelon an irritated glare before settling his
attention on Voldemort.

"My Lord."

"Severus," Voldemort greeted, as unsurprised to see the headmaster as
the headmaster appeared to be to see them. "Do you know why I am here?"

"I imagine it has something to do with why Mr. Potter is currently under
guard in the Astronomy Tower."

Amelon felt slightly disappointed. He had known it was unlikely that
Snape wouldn't have discovered Harry's confinement before they returned,
but he had hoped to catch the man off guard. Still, they had a few more
opportunities left to surprise the man.

"Yes, he has just confessed to cursing Lucius," the Inquisitor said.

"Oh... that."

For a moment, the hall was so silent Amelon fancied someone cast a
Silencing Charm. Voldemort stared at Snape. Snape stared back. The Dark
Lord refused to ask something so obvious as 'you knew?', but for a
moment not even he was certain what he *should* say. Finally, however,
he spoke.

"You will explain yourself."

"Of course, My Lord. Perhaps it would be best to take this conversation
to the privacy of my office?"

That was precisely what they did. Amelon would have preferred to
retrieve Lord Potter first, but no one was asking his opinion. From this
point on, he knew he was little more than an observer to what happened
next. When they reached the office, Voldemort moved to the headmaster's
chair and took a seat, while the other two wizards were left to take the
chairs across the desk. The significance was lost on no one.

"When did you discover that Harry had cast a curse on General Malfoy?"
Voldemort asked without preamble. The headmaster settled himself in the
chair and steepled his fingers so that the tips of his fingers tapped
lightly against his mouth as he considered the question.

"I was aware of it from the beginning. It was my idea."

Amelon marveled.

"This seems to be a night of quick confessions. For someone who seems so
unaffected by the truth, you were not so bold to admit it prior to
this," the Inquisitor said.

Snape gave him a contemptuous glance out of the corner of his eye before
turning back to the Dark Lord, who was waiting for an elaboration.

"It was never my intention to have my involvement in the curse known,
for the sake of my relationship with the Malfoy family. After his death,
I saw no reason to bring it up."

"Why, Severus? Tell me why," Voldemort demanded.

"For the same reason as Mr. Potter. I wished to protect Miss Granger.
Nothing more. Nothing less."

Amelon leaned towards him, eying his expressions intently.

"But why curse General Malfoy? Weren't you two friends? He was the best
man at your wedding. You are the godfather to his children."

"If you have to ask," Snape said without looking away from Voldemort,
"then you haven't been as thorough in your investigations as you seem to
believe. We were always as much enemies as we were friends. Ever since
we went to Hogwarts together, Lucius has worked to make me dependent
upon him. He sabotaged relationships, experiments, employment
opportunities, civil ventures, anything and everything that would have
allowed me to regain my rights and titles as the last living descendent
of the Prince family and establish a professional reputation separate
from him."

"Really, Severus, are you still bitter about all of that?" Voldemort
asked with a touch of mocking. "He protected you, as well. You were
never well liked amongst the other Death Eaters, Bella in particular,
and you never would have come this far without his support. I rather
thought he had stopped being so overbearing in the last two or three
years."

Snape nodded.

"I acknowledge this. I no more intended him true harm than he ever
intended it for me. The curse was just a means to an end."

Amelon didn't believe him, or at least he didn't believe that was the
whole story. His answers felt strangely rehearsed, his demeanor too
relaxed to be natural.

"And how did you discover the curse? Or even the book for that matter?"

"In point of fact, I did not discover it myself. Nor did Mr. Potter.
Neither of us could afford to have it known we were in possession of
such a book when Lucius' symptoms first started to appear. I sent Mr.
Ronald Weasley, a student here, to search for a book of Old Magic
curses. He has some familiarity with the Old Magics through his
association with Mr. Potter, so he knew what to look for."

"And why, precisely, would Mr. Weasley have done this errand for you?
And how could you be certain he would keep his task a secret?" Amelon
asked.

Snape smiled, but there was nothing pleasant about it.

"Mr. Weasley could not afford to do anything else. He is currently the
leader of a smuggling ring within the school, importing and exporting
materials that haven't gone through the proper security checks. I could
have expelled him, but I decided to make use of him instead."

"And why Old Magics? Why not something more... conventional?"

"Old Magics are harder to recognize, harder still to trace, and
impossible to counteract unless one knows what they're doing. I wanted
Lucius to suspect both Harry and the Dark Lord, but unable to prove
anything either way, and likewise he would need to be dependent on Harry
for a cure. He had to be willing to negotiate."

Amelon asked him where the book had come from and Snape gave him an
address in Coventry. He would double check to make sure that Snape's
story checked out and the time lines matched, but he suspected that at
least that part of the man's story was true. And yet, still, he couldn't
help but think that Snape was hiding something. Voldemort seemed to
sense it as well.

"Why didn't you tell me this part of your plan?" Voldemort asked, a
touch of warning in his voice. "I would have been particularly
interested in the part where the general of my armies became suspicious
that I meant to kill him."

"Forgive me, my Lord, if either I or Mr. Potter has overstepped our
bounds, but you had given us the impression that you suspected this
already and simply weren't interested in having it confirmed."

"I had also made it clear that neither Lucius nor Harry could seriously
*harm* the other in their rivalry. This curse was designed to kill,
Severus. Not hurt, not itch, not bother, not embarrass. *Kill*. Not to
mention that rather unpleasant side-effect of driving him insane. Don't
tell me you misunderstood?"

"My Lord, we did not misunderstand, nor did we intend to overstep our
boundaries. According to the book, the curse was intended to wear down
the cursed through a series of circumstances over a long period of time,
which gave us the breathing room necessary to complete the negotiations
and negate the curse before permanent harm was done. There was no
mention of insanity. When we became aware of the... miscalculation, I
urged Lucius to take up herbal remedies, burning sage to be precise,
which seemed particularly effective. Eventually, our plans played out.
Lucius called off Hermione's betrothal. Harry called off the curse. All
of this being rather a moot point, given what happened shortly
thereafter."

"So you do not believe the two events are related?" Amelon asked.

"Is that the polite way of asking whether I killed Lucius and Bartemius?
I did not kill them."

"You said before that the curse killed by setting off a series of events
that would weaken and destroy the victim. Is it possible that Harry had
not removed the curse like he said he did, and the curse did in fact
eventually kill General Malfoy?"

For the first time, Snape looked caught off guard and actually turned
away from the Dark Lord to stare at the Inquisitor.

"I... I do not believe that was the case. Lucius was making a strong
recovery rather than deteriorating like he had been previously. And that
wouldn't explain Crouch's death."

"But you don't truly understand the curse, do you? You are not a
practitioner of the Old Magics yourself. The curse surprised you more
than once. Isn't it possible that it may have gone dormant briefly to
throw off suspicion or simply been delayed rather than canceled
completely?"

Snape said nothing, his expression hardening into a blank mask.

"I believe the curse was canceled completely prior to Lucius Malfoy's
death. I do not believe the curse caused his death in any way, except
indirectly by the series of events that followed it."

"Are you willing to verify all of this under Veritaserum?"

"If necessary," he said without inflection.

"And Mr. Potter?"

"Mr. Potter is perfectly capable of answering for himself."

Amelon turned to Voldemort, who was staring at Snape with an expression
that could have been surprise and could have been disgust, but was most
likely something else completely. Snape stared back stoically. It seemed
dangerously defiant to the Inquisitor, but it was difficult to say for
sure. The man had surprised him several times already, and Death Eaters
had always seemed to have a dangerous and somewhat insane methodology
for dealing with confrontation. He supposed they had to given the way
Lord Voldemort had run the War.

"Severus," Voldemort said finally, "you have betrayed me."

"My Lord, I-"

"*Crucio!"*

Amelon jumped up and out of his chair, stumbling back as the headmaster
stiffened in his chair before falling to the floor and writhing in
unconstrained agony. This was not the first time Amelon had seen the
Pain Cursed used, it was considered a necessary skill in his profession
in fact, but that made it no less terrible to witness. Most people
lacked the ability to focus enough to resist the curse once it had been
cast, but Amelon could tell Snape was resisting it now. He was
screaming, but it was a half-strangled sound like he was trying to
swallow the noise so no one else could hear it. He was writhing on the
floor, but his hands had found the legs of a chair and were gripping
them tightly so that he didn't flop around gracelessly.

The curse lasted for over a minute. Amelon didn't blink until it was
over. He didn't dare.

When it finally stopped, Snape sagged on the ground and gasped for
breath, his entire body trembling in the aftereffects of the curse.
Voldemort walked from around the desk to stand over his disobedient
servant.

"You've deceived me, Severus. You deceived me repeatedly. I suspect even
now you are deceiving me."

He knelt down, crouching over Snape, who managed to squint open one eye
to look up at him. The headmaster still hadn't caught his breath enough
to speak.

"Amelon is right, you have no real concept of this spell, and you are
not so much of a fool that you would use magic that you did not fully
understand. Who cast the curse, Severus? It wasn't Harry. I doubt it was
you. Why lie? Who are you protecting? *Crucio*."

Snape let out another strangled cry, but it only lasted a few seconds
before it stopped. Nevertheless, he started to shake even more violently
than before.

"Have you forgotten, Severus?" the Dark Lord continued. He seized
Snape's arm and thrust up the sleeve, revealing the Dark Mark beneath.
"Your first loyalty is always to me. Not to Harry, not to your mudblood
goddaughter, not *any*one else but me. And yet, here you are. Lying to
my face. As if I wouldn't know. As if I didn't know you enough to tell."

He dropped Snape's arm and let out a long-suffering sigh.

"I suppose I only have myself to blame. I forgot how *willful* you could
be. I suppose I thought you had grown out of it. We'll just have to fall
back on the old ways, won't we? Back to your Death Eater days."

Snape made a muffled sound and tried to push himself up, but Voldemort
stood and kicked him over again before he could manage.

"It used to be, when one of you lied to me, I took something from you as
compensation. An eye. A tongue. Something you didn't really need but
would certainly miss. I think I'll take your fingers, Severus. One for
every lie. But no, you need your fingers to write. It's an important
part of your job. Ah, I know. I'll take your *wife's* fingers, but don't
worry. I'll let her keep the ring finger."

Snape began struggling in earnest, shoving himself upright even as he
winced from the residual pain of the forced movement. Voldemort let him
this time.

"*NO!* My Lord, please-"

"The time for platitudes has passed, Severus. I have invested great
faith in you. Entrusted you with those things I value most in this
world, and this is how you repay me?"

"Please, my Lord, Ira is innocent. She has no idea-"

"*Crucio!*"

Snape fell to the floor yet again, smashing his head against the side of
the desk as he went, so that when he landed, blood splattered across the
floor and smeared along his face. This time the curse lasted for nearly
two minutes, and when the Dark Lord finally stopped, Snape rolled over
and vomited on floor before collapsing back.

"You've gone soft, Severus," Voldemort said coldly. "There was a time
nothing could have moved you, nothing could-"

*DOOOOIIIINNGGG...*

The Dark Lord looked up and around, looking for the source of the noise
that had startled him.

*DOOOOIIIINNGGG...*

Amelon tensed, recognizing the sound immediately.

*DOOOOIIIINNGGG...*

Snape took a gasping breath, "That's... that's the alarm. The school...
it's under attack."

---

Harry waited as patiently as he was able out on the tower balcony, his
legs dangling between the slates. It was strangely reminiscent of the
night Hermione had come up to apologize to him, and he wasn't entirely
sure it was his mind playing tricks on him when his watch grew warm in
the hand she had reached for. Thinking of her helped to keep him calm
and focused, preventing a panic attack from sneaking up on him or from
revealing his agitation to the guards watching him. Bobby helped too by
huddling in his lap, keeping him company while he kept himself warm. The
raven had appeared hours ago, whispering Snape's plan and delivering the
vial of anti-Veritaserum. Now there was nothing left to do but wait and
hope his guardian's plan worked.

It was straightforward enough. Snape would take responsibility for
giving Harry the original book and the idea to blackmail Lucius after
Harry came to the man looking for advice on how to help Hermione. Snape
would then explain it was never his intention to harm Lucius
permanently, nor to drive him crazy, and they had been quick to help
relieve the symptoms once they became dangerous. There had been some
unexpected hiccups in the plan, but ultimately it had worked. It had
nothing to do with Lucius and Bartemius dying, and the events were
entirely unrelated. Which was true. They were to swear to it all under
the Veritaserum Amelon intended to bring along to their interrogation...
Neither the Inquisitor nor Voldemort would be aware that Snape, Harry,
and even Ron had dosed themselves with anti-Veritaserum in advance,
rendering the potion useless. Voldemort would likely be irritated but
satisfied, and Amelon would have to move his investigation elsewhere.

All nice and tidy.

Harry had a bad feeling about it. Snape was an accomplished liar, but it
would be easy enough to poke holes in his story if he were interrogated
thoroughly, particularly if Harry were questioned afterward. There had
been no way to match up their stories in advance, and Harry wasn't sure
he could manage to lie convincingly if any inconsistencies were spotted.
Then there was Ron. That he was part of the story was a necessity, since
it was doubtless someone of Amelon's tenacity would double check
everything they said and finding the purchase records of the original
book would be the obvious first step. There was no telling how well Ron
could lie or if he would buckle under the pressure of both the Dark Lord
and an Inquisitor questioning him. There was no guarantee that Snape
wouldn't throw the boy to the wolves to save his own skin if it became
necessary.

As time went on, Harry started to wonder if that wasn't Snape's
intention to begin with. The man had very little sympathy for Weasley or
much fondness for his numerous kin, and even if he had he was hardly the
self-sacrificing sort. It was possible that the plan Snape had passed on
to Bobby was a ruse to keep Harry from doing something reckless until he
had settled things to his own satisfaction.

And yet...

He had spared Ron in the first place. Why had he done that? He had said
turning in Ron wouldn't have benefited anyone, and that keeping the
secret put the boy firmly in their debt. This was probably at least
partly true, but not entirely true. He could very easily have turned Ron
over and had *Lucius* in his debt, a far more valuable prize to be sure.
A prize he could use to make Lucius call off Hermione's betrothal.

He had to believe there was something more going on. Whether it was
something selfish or selfless he couldn't begin to guess, but he would
have to keep a little faith and hoped whatever it was that stayed his
hand in the first place had carried over to tonight. It wasn't like he
had any better plan himself.

A sharp wind drew him from his thoughts, and he tightened his robes
around himself. He didn't normally mind the cold, but tonight it was
particularly harsh. Still, he made no move to go inside. The only thing
waiting for him there was the cool, suspicious stares of his guards and
a lot of pacing. At least outside, he had a beautiful view and Bobby
warmly nestled up against him.

Below him he could see the lights and shadows that formed an approximate
shape and character of Hogwarts, beautiful and mysterious in ways it
couldn't be in the daylight. Aside from the sconces lighting the
outside, he could see several windows still aglow, the shadows of the
occupants passing by though there were fewer and fewer of these with
every passing hour. Still further down he could see the black,
glittering waters of the moat, stretching into the lake, and beside
those the dark rolling hills surrounding the castle until both lake and
hills suddenly fell to a wall of such utter blackness Harry could not
have defined as forest if he hadn't known what it was previously. Above
him the sky was a blanket of gray, black, and deep purple clouds
floating over the obscure, distant light of the quarter moon. The wind
that bit so deeply into him now had begun to drive the clouds away so
that with every passing minute the moon seemed to glow just a little bit
brighter, the shape just slightly more distinct.

It made him think of Sirius and Remus and Luna and wonder if they could
see the moon clearly from wherever they were. He wondered if Hermione
saw the same thing from France and was wondering about him in return.

Transfixed as he was upon the moon, he was immediately made aware when a
small spot in the distance passed over it, only to disappear a moment
later. Harry blinked and wondered for a moment if it had been an owl.
Then another shadow and another and still another passed over it, and
Harry suddenly sat up straight. Bobby lifted his head to look at him.

"What is it?" Bobby whispered.

"I saw something."

"Was it Amelon coming back?"

"No. They were flying."

"They?"

Harry suddenly realized the heat he was feeling in his hand wasn't from
his watch, but from the scars left by the Sword of Gryffindor.

"You have to go now, Bobby. Sorry."

He climbed to his feet, pitching the raven off his lap and over the side
of the balcony. Bobby flapped gracelessly for a moment before catching
the air in his open wings and righting himself. Harry didn't stay to
watch but moved inside. The guards tensed as he entered, but he ignored
them in favor of moving to one of the Astronomy Tower's smaller
telescopes. He aimed it haphazardly to a spot just beneath the moon and
adjusted the knobs at the side for focus and light sensitivity.

He looked through the eyepiece.

The little dots stood out clearly now, revealing a shape he would
recognize anywhere and in numbers that made his heart begin pounding in
his chest.

"No," he breathed. "Oh, please, no."

He stood up straight and turned to the guards.

"Sound the alarm. We have visitors."

The guards did not move to sound the alarm or do anything other than
stare at him skeptically. They didn't believe him.

"Look for yourself, if you don't believe me! There's hundreds of them!
Maybe a thousand!" he snapped at them.

"A thousand?" Burrows said blandly. "Why not just say a million?"

Underhill just snorted.

For a moment, Harry could only stand there and stare at them in horror.
They weren't going to do anything. Bearing down on them at that moment
was a force ten times what Hogwarts had faced before, when it had been
fully intact. Now the castle still hadn't completed its repairs, the
stone guardians were half their usual number, the great ward around the
castle could not withstand a force of that number, and the students were
exhausted from traveling from London and mostly asleep. They needed as
much forewarning as they could get, but the guards wouldn't do it. They
wouldn't believe him. They wouldn't even *look*.

He mentally revised his estimation of them as competent.

Taking a deep breath, he turned and walked back outside to the balcony.
If they wouldn't do anything, he would have to find a way to warn them
himself. He climbed onto the railing of the balcony and spread his arms.

"You can do this, Harry," he told himself and took two deep calming
breathes. He closed his eyes and flinched as he felt himself start to
lose his balance. Not yet. He couldn't fall yet until he...

Animancy did not require a wand. It was a sort of magic that had existed
before wands, before there was even a word for what it was. It was the
sort of magic Harry loved best, raw and pure in a way wand magic and
spoken magic never could be. It was something that had to be understood
and mastered at the very core of one's magic.

He searched for that core now, feeling out those pathways of energy that
flowed through his body like blood in his veins and searched out the
source of it. It was familiar to him now. He had felt it the first time
he had held his wand, but had only truly understood what it was when
Voldemort had showed it to him that Solstice day in the garden. It was
not a power he liked to focus on directly. It scared him in some ways,
knowing how powerful it was and how badly he could hurt himself if he
handled it carelessly.

But his need was urgent. The castle needed him. He needed to fly.

The core of his magic surged as he focused on it, not increasing in
power so much as extending what it had outward, feeling out what it was
he needed and wanted from it. He took two more deep breaths and brought
up the image of the falcon, recalled the feeling of that form Gulandri
had first forced upon him, and urging his magic to take that form once
again willingly.

His fingers started to tingle and felt himself growing warm. Excitement
swelled in him. It was working! He was going to fly! He was going to-

The Stunning Hex caught him square in the back, shattering his
concentration and his magic. The only sensation he was aware of was a
sudden moment of panic as he felt himself fall forward, but then there
was nothing but a swirling mass of sensory confusion that left him
unable to regain control of his body or his magic. He didn't even feel
it when the Levicorpus spell caught him and pulled him back into the
safety of the tower, and he didn't understand the curious mix of sounds
hovering above him was voices and the odd prodding feeling was the
Sentinels checking him over for injuries and possible weapons.

"Merlin, what was that?" Burrows said, his voice raised in alarm. "What
was he trying to do?"

"You don't think he's suicidal, do you?" Underhill asked uncertainly.

"I wouldn't have thought it, but you know, if he's guilty... He might
have seen it as the only way out."

"Maybe he can fly."

Burrows gave him a look that stated clearly how stupid he thought that
statement was.

"You never know! He probably can do *some* wandless magic."

They looked down at the limp form splayed out between them.
Unfortunately, Harry had nothing to contribute to this conversation
except to groan and loll his head slightly to the left. They gave each
other a worried look.

"Do you think we'll get in trouble for this?" Underhill asked.

Burrows shrugged.

"Let's wake him up and see what-"

A high-pitched whistling sound cut him off, like the sound of a firework
lifting off. Instinct and training had them both throwing up blocking
spells without thought, covering the three of them in a cocoon of magic.
Above them the roof suddenly exploded, raining down stone and wood and
more trouble than any of them were prepared to face.