# The Fall of a King

Harry entered Malfoy Manor a few steps behind the Dark Lord, who was stalking
about the premises like a wolf on the prowl and nearly flattened the terrified
little house elf (already terrified of clothing simply on principle) at the
door when he hurled his cloak and hat at it. Harry politely refrained from
assaulting their coat checkers with textiles, but the care he took in
surrendering his outer garb had more to do with the tiny passenger he was
smuggling within the folds of his cloak than out of consideration for the
servants.

He couldn't quite reason with himself on why he had agreed to sneak Skeeter
inside the party. They were not friends, and she had no real power over him.
Quite the opposite, in fact. All he would have to do was whisper in the right
ear that Rita Skeeter, a source of infinite scandal and embarrassment for
Court officials everywhere, was herself an unregistered animagus. Even
supposing she managed to avoid a trip to Azkaban, her career would be over. If
anyone asked why he had relented to her request, he would say it was a moment
of weakness; he would have done anything to stop her leering at him in the
fitting room at the tailor's. Of course, if anyone ever asked it would likely
be during an interrogation and he would disavow her and any prior knowledge of
her actions. Whatever mischief-maker's camaraderie existed between them, it
did not extend to his protection, and he had made it clear that once inside
she was on her own.

Distracted and delayed, by the time Harry turned around Voldemort had already
disappeared, no doubt on the war path and intent on terrorizing someone. He
hoped it wasn't Lucius. He had requested the Dark Lord refrain from
antagonizing the general before Harry had the opportunity to determine where
they stood. Harry didn't think the Dark Lord paid him any heed. Voldemort's
annoyance with Lucius' recent bumbling, despite the cause behind it, had not
dissipated. By the dark wizard's standards, he was exceptionally indulgent
towards Harry but never- well, very rarely- to the point where his protégé
could be considered a restraining influence.

"Can you tell me where Lord Malfoy is?" he asked the house elf handling his
cloak and gloves.

"M-master is in-in-indisposed," he stuttered nervously, perhaps expecting to
be punished for being unhelpful.

However, he had answered Harry's question well enough. If Malfoy Sr. was
'indisposef' then he was busy elsewhere and Harry had the time and room to
find Hermione and maybe Snape to gather intel before his battle of wills with
Lucius.

"And Lady Granger?"

"Y-young mis-mistress is in th-the ballroom, S-sir."

"Thank you," he said offhandedly. The poor house elf nearly fainted.

Voldemort had brought them late, either to spite Lucius or simply because he
could, so the party was already in full swing by the time he entered the
ballroom. Harry paused at the doorway to admire the spectacle that met his
eyes. The Malfoys had outdone themselves this year. The ballroom, normally a
cavern of gold and marble, had been transformed into an ice palace. The floor
was layered in a sheet of opaque white ice and the walls lined with silver
mirrors and crystalline tiles. Above them the ceiling was an arching,
asymmetrical whirl of white and blue, like the hollow interior of an ice cave
worn by a river. Icicle chandeliers refracted light into rainbow shards and
frosted glass lamps emitted a light that softened the edges, granting a dream-
like quality to everything it touched. The orchestra was dressed in blues and
silvers, their instruments bewitched to appear as if carved of glass. Guests
danced a Viennese waltz to the music, twirling about the floor, their
reflections caught in the mirrored walls to become spinning kaleidoscopes.

Harry felt an instinctive need to shiver at the sight of so much ice, but it
was actually quite warm. He shook himself for good measure anyway and plunged
into the crowd. Immediately, he found himself the center of a great deal of
attention. Witches and wizards he had met throughout his time shadowing the
Dark Lord or else complete strangers cornered him at every turn to make
conversation, attempting to draw him into their little cliques or needle
information out of him in the guise of casual banter. It was honestly rather
awkward. Harry was used to attention, but typically he had another adult,
Voldemort or Snape usually, between him and the crowd for when they became too
invasive and a part of him that was still a child twisted uncomfortably at
brushing off full-grown men and women directly when they were only showing
harmless interest. He did his best to pretending to be on an errand of some
importance that he could not afford to be sidetracked from, stalking through
crowds rather than rambling and looking around but never making direct eye
contact with anyone lest they interpret it as an invitation.

Luckily, his search turned up Hermione rather quickly. She was dancing with a
slightly chubby young man with a ruddy complexion and giving him a rather
pained smile. He suspected her partner, who wasn't exactly the most graceful
dancer, was stepping on her toes, so he waded in to rescue her.

"Pardon me, sir," he said, tapping the man on the shoulder. The wizard turned
slightly and froze, as if shocked to see Harry standing there. "Would you mind
terribly if I cut in? Thank you."

He snatched Hermione up and spun her away before the man had time to protest.
Hermione's smile became instantly more genuine, and she looked ready to laugh
at his audacity.

"Thank Merlin, you're here. He was talking to me about the *weather* for the
last ten minutes."

"Egad, the scoundrel!"

"And stepping on my toes. Not that I could feel it anyway in these ridiculous
shoes!"

He glanced down at her feet to look at the offending heels and flinched
sympathetically. He wondered if they had to cut off one of her toes to fit her
into them.

"Do you want to take a break then? We could go somewhere so you can sit down
and take off your shoes for a while." Somewhere private where they could also
talk about Lucius.

"Soon. Lord Voldemort is here with you, I presume? We'll wait until he's
dragged everyone off to the parlor and she won't know I've slipped away."

"Narcissa? She's watching you? Where?"

"Up on the balcony."

He looked around and found the balcony that he had missed during his initial
observation. It was right above the entrance he had entered through, an
elegant palisade that appeared to be carved out of snow. The space could
easily have held forty people, but at the moment it was occupied by their
hosts, General and Lady Malfoy, his guardians; Snape and Ira, and one whom he
thought might be Lt. Stratus but couldn't be sure. They were standing by the
balcony railing, talking and watching the crowd below.

Harry looked away quickly before Lucius caught his eye. He wasn't ready for
their confrontation just yet.

"So what is that all about? She never seemed to watch you very closely
before."

Hermione sighed.

"She took the end of the engagement pretty hard. She was furious with Lucius,
but he seems to have wormed his way back into her good graces again and now
she's throwing all her frustration into more husband-hunting. She's had me
dancing with every available bachelor she could throw me at."

It wasn't actually funny, but her words brought up some pretty funny mental
pictures, and he could help grinning. She rolled her eyes.

"You're awful."

"The very worst. Does she blame me?"

"I don't think Lucius ever told her about your involvement, but she might
suspect. Not that she would accuse you. I think you might be on her 'eligible
bachelors' list."

"Heaven and Earth, that woman needs a new hobby."

That earned him a smile and a laugh, but soon enough her mind started to
wander, and he didn't think it was friendly paths it was taking. Her
expression became distant, and despite her mockery of her previous dance
partner's clumsiness, she stepped on Harry's toes more than once.

"You know what this reminds me of?" he said, attempting to draw her out of her
melancholy.

"Hmm?"

"The first time you taught me to dance. Do you remember? We were right outside
those doors, and you tried to teach me the waltz. I kept stepping on your toes
and Draco and Natalie laughed at me."

"And then Dobby banished you into a snow bank. I remember that," she said,
smiling sweetly. "We were so young then. Isn't it amazing how far we've come
since then?"

"I know my dancing has certainly improved. Yours, not so much."

She gave him a friendly swat on the shoulder. He grinned.

"Alright, we can blame it on the tiny shoes."

* * *

"Is that Lord Potter?" Tom found himself asking, looking down at the swirl of
bodies below. He had missed Harry's entrance, not expecting the young wizard
to attend the ball that night, but his attention had been focused on his
*fianc**é*enough that he could hardly overlook him when he stole the little
mudblood away from her partner. He feigned mild curiosity to cover the swell
of irritation at the sight the young witch and wizard made. Laughing and
smiling, they looked decidedly in love. The little trollop had clearly been
taking advantage of Tom's absence.

The rest of his party, the Malfoys and the Snapes, moved towards the edge of
the balcony and looked to confirm for themselves. Ira smiled down at the pair
fondly, but hers was not a sentiment shared by others. Her husband gave an
exasperated sigh and rolled his eyes before seeming to lose interest entirely.
Narcissa gave an annoyed huff. Tom could imagine what she was thinking.
Whatever Harry's intentions, he held too much of Granger's attention and
affections to let her seek them in others who might actually be *attainable*.
As long as her Gryffindor cohort kept her company, she was perfectly content
to ignore any other possible suitor.

Lucius...

Tom could not even imagine what Lucius was thinking at the moment. His gaze
was decidedly fixed on Harry, but his expression was completely unreadable.
Was he angry? Curious? Eager?

Afraid?

If he had half a knut's worth of sense, the pompous bastard should be
terrified. Harry had all but taken him apart and, with a little help from Tom,
he could do so again. Another time though. Right now, Tom was working to
ingratiate himself to Snape, a man he fully planned to destroy in the near
future.

"My, my," he said, keeping his tone light as he studied Hermione and Harry
dancing together. "Will I be competing with the ambassador for the dear lady's
affections?"

It was only partly in jest on his part. He had barely seen Harry since the
boy's second year at Hogwarts, and he had no idea if the friendship he shared
with the wretched girl had changed as their bodies had changed from children
to young adults. From where he stood, he could see they were comfortable with
each other, even dancing together, but whether there was an undercurrent of
attraction, he couldn't ascertain.

"Don't be ridiculous," Lady Malfoy chided gently. "They are friends and
nothing more. Practically siblings."

There was a touch of uncertainty in her tone that Tom didn't miss. Was it
possible she didn't know where her own foster daughter's heart lay? He cast a
quick glance to Lucius. The man caught his gaze and smiled blandly.

"Lord Potter's tastes," he said idly, "tend to run towards more...
*unconventional* fare than our dear Hermione. If she has any feelings of her
own towards him, she is smart enough to know better than to entertain them."

Snape gave an inelegant snort.

"Why, Stratus? Are you not up to competing with a schoolboy?"

Tom felt a twinge of annoyance but brushed it aside. Snape's taunt was a
feeble one. Harry could hardly be considered a mere 'school boy'. He took the
suggestion for what it was. A distraction. Out of everyone there, Snape might
have the best idea of what existed between his ward and his goddaughter and
the reason why it was not a relationship to be examined too closely.

Or perhaps he was merely testing him for weaknesses. Tom would show him none
but those he chose for the other man to see.

"He does have the benefit of proximity," he said idly, testing to see how much
the headmaster's words were distraction and how much provocation.

"Lockhart could use an assistant, if you believe it would improve your odds of
success."

Provocation then. He met Snape's dour glare with a roguish smirk.

"I don't know. An air of mystery about myself might prove more effective."

"Only if you're actually clumsy and obnoxious with women in person."

"Severus," Ira chided.

"Whatever my inexperience with the fairer sex," he said without rising to the
bait, "I *do* know how to treat a lady of Miss Granger's position properly."

Snape didn't appear impressed but at least he didn't appear disgusted at this
point either. He took a sip of his wine and let his dark eyes slide over to
Narcissa.

"So much for your hopes for grandchildren then. Perhaps you'll have better
luck with Draco."

* * *

Everyone looked ready to shout at Snape to just 'shut up', but the unpleasant
man was spared the rebuke by the balcony doors swinging open. Voldemort strode
into their sanctuary with all the crazed tension of a caged tiger. His stride
was long and purposeful, carrying him directly to them even as his eyes danced
around the room and swallowed in everything at once. They tensed at his
approach. There had been some uncertainty as to whether the Dark Lord would
show at all, and despite the weakness it would have exposed to Lucius' enemies
and rivals, it was still debatable if the man's presence was actually a *good*
thing. In his current state, Voldemort might start casting curses just to
release stress.

His crimson eyes danced from one face to the other, before settling, oddly
enough, on Ira. He strode towards her and grinned like the devil.

"If it isn't the enchanting Mrs. Ira Snape. It has been some time since we saw
one another, has it not? You're looking exceptionally lovely this evening."

The Dark Lord might as well have cast a stunning hex on the poor woman. She
stood absolutely still, wide-eyed, and mute. They had met before and were on
congenial terms for the most part, but his overly enthusiastic compliments and
attention before everyone else in their assembled party had not only caught
her off guard but also terrified her with the possibility that he was about to
pull an exceptionally cruel joke of which she was the principle recipient.
Voldemort's grin only widened at her reaction, and he boldly reached out and
took her hand to pat it affectionately. She let out a slightly choked sound
but didn't move.

"It's always good to see you. How is married life treating you? I was expected
a little one by now. I could always use a few extra Snapes laying around.
Speaking of which!"

He turned his attention swiftly from Ira to her husband, who met his bright
gaze with reserved annoyance. He didn't appreciate the Dark Lord toying with
his wife, even if the man had been ignorant of how sensitive the subject of
babies was for her at the moment, but he wasn't so foolish as to think he
could in any way stop it. He happily accepted his master's somewhat manic
regard in his wife's place. Now under mutual scrutiny, Snape realized
something significant.

Voldemort had taken off his gloves. Since the amputation of his left arm and
its subsequent reappearance, the Dark Lord had never been seen without a pair
of sleek, black leather gloves. Whether traversing his domain by horseback or
taking tea in his office, the gloves were never absent. Until now. Now the
smooth, unmarred flesh of his hands was visible for all to see. Snape knew
there had been reasons to hide them, but whatever it had been there was no
longer any visible evidence. Had he performed some sort of ceremonial magic
that had restored him completely? Was that the source of Harry's 'minor
accident'? If so, it seemed both his master and his ward had walked away none
the worse for wear.

"Severus!" Voldemort greeted, his smile all teeth. "I can tell you've caught
on already. Is my condition not much improved?"

"I have never found your condition to be faulty, my Lord. You do, however,
seem to be enjoying a minor alteration."

Voldemort chuckled darkly.

"Always quick with the diplomatic answer, my friend, even when it tastes like
ash in your mouth. Never mind. I will pick your mind later, but for now I have
more official matters with which to amuse myself."

At last, he turned his attention to Lucius, who was looking uncomfortable but
doing his best not to show it. He was only too aware that Voldemort had
snubbed both him and his wife intentionally by speaking with Ira and then
Snape first. It was too much to hope that his previous errors had been
forgotten so soon. His only consolation was that the Dark Lord was unlikely to
torture him tonight. He had guests, important guests, that neither of them
wanted privy to dissension within the governmental hierarchy. Not yet anyway.
Not unless or until there was someone else set up to replace him.

Good God, he couldn't have found a replacement so quickly, could he?

"How are you, Lucius? You're looking... less pathetic at the moment. Harry
does good work, doesn't he? Oh, but you both aren't getting along at the
moment, are you? What is it now? He's planning to elope with that Granger
girl, or you tried to put Veritaserum in his tea? I do have trouble keeping up
with all of your little spats."

Lucius kept his expression featureless. There wasn't much else he could do. To
object was to contradict the Dark Lord, to offer explanations was to try to
justify mistakes, which was even worse, and to laugh it off would suggest he
didn't take the matter seriously. And it was a serious matter. Despite his
master's backhanded remarks, they were all taking this seriously. Voldemort
regarded him, his shark's smile gradually fading away to blatant anger as the
silence continued.

The general could say nothing. He could do nothing.

If the Dark Lord wanted to punish him, he had decided to do so before he had
even seen Lucius, and there was nothing he could do to stop him.

"Whatever the matter, consider it settled. Harry has won this battle, and you
have more important things you will need to be doing than prolonging it. Am I
understood?"

Lucius acknowledged his orders with a tilt of his head and an 'of course, my
Lord', but inside he was seething. Won? Harry? The fight had barely begun.
What had been done to him was not some prank gone wrong It had been a
deliberate intent to hurt him, to kill him, and the Dark Lord refused to
acknowledge the possibility of Potter's involvement. It was unacceptable, and
even if his master was choosing to ignore it, he couldn't afford to himself.
What if Harry or Harry's accomplice tried again?

He would have to wait or perhaps approach the situation more subtly, but he
couldn't accept defeat just yet. Certainly not to a sixteen-year-old *boy. *He
cleared his mind, placing up the finest occlumency shields he could to protect
these thoughts, but it was unnecessary.

The Dark Lord had already looked away to scan the crowds of people below,
looking down at them with a sort of covetous pleasure. Lucius knew the
feeling. The feeling that all those people down there belong to him, were
subject to his every whim and mood, was an addictive feeling. Now that his
master was fully recovered from his injuries, he was feeling powerful enough
to indulge in the sentiment.

"Good," the Dark Lord said, no longer bothering to even look at him. "I will
need you to make arrangements for me to return to the continent. I will need
to speak with the Polish minister. Tomorrow if it is possible."

"It will be done," Lucius agreed.

It was always important to state one's compliance before voicing anything that
might be interpreted as an objection. Equally important was not sending the
Dark Lord into a situation in which he might be caught by surprise. Voldemort
hated surprises in politics and battles.

"But you should be made aware the Polish press has been misconstruing your
departure from their troops as a sort of abandonment and insult, and the
Minister of Magic has been conceding to their insinuations rather than
standing up to them. He will be reluctant to switch his position so easily
again in your favor."

"The Minister is a coward. Arrange a meeting, Lucius. I will give him
something worse than public opinion to fear."

"No doubt, my Lord. I will also need to call in several court officials from
holiday leave."

Voldemort's expression twisted in irritation.

"Christmas morning," he said. It sounded strangely like 'plague of boils'
coming out of his mouth. "Fine. Move up the deadline to the day after
tomorrow, but I had better be back in the field before the new year."

"Yes, my Lord."

Voldemort turned back to the general, probably to make another threat, but his
eyes landed on Stratus and he was momentarily distracted. He remembered
Stratus. He had seen him on various occasions and his signature on several
documents that had come to his attention, particularly during the last month
or so as Lucius struggled first with his curse and then with Voldemort's
punishment. Then there was the rather disastrous incursion into Hausteheim.

Despite his frequent presence, Voldemort had never paid much attention to him.
He was a very minor official with no real political influence or significant
family alliances. Additionally, Stratus had little presence unto himself. He
was not particularly handsome or ugly, fierce or congenial. Averageness seemed
to be his defining feature, and yet now that the Dark Lord studied him
directly, he got the strangest feeling of... something.

"Lieutenant," he acknowledged. "It is good to see you again. I understand you
have been taking care of matters while General Malfoy has been- hn-
recovering."

"As much as one of my limited abilities is able, my Lord," the man said
modestly. Voldemort continued to regard him intently, taking in the suddenly
nervous body language. Nothing odd about that. People were often nervous
around him, but still, he couldn't shake the feeling that something was off.
He offered his hand to the man, a gesture he rarely practiced but that was
occasionally appropriate and possibly insightful.

"A fine performance just the same. I commend your efforts on Britain's
behalf."

Stratus hesitated for a moment. Then another moment longer than was strictly
polite before tentatively reaching out to grasp Voldemort's hand. Despite the
soldier's reluctance, the handshake itself was firm. The Dark Lord felt
through his magus hypersentia, never quite as sensitive as Harry's but still
formidable, the stir of magic beneath his hands but was coiled tightly and
hard to identify. Quickly, he turned his attention to the man's eyes.

Legilimency. He nudged at mental barriers as subtly as he knew how, but they
did not yield as he expected. In fact, Stratus seemed to know what was
happening immediately and physically retreated. He looked rather affronted,
and Voldemort couldn't help but laugh at his indignation.

"An occlumens? My, but you are a man of hidden talents. You need to work on
controlling your expressions. It's not very useful to hide your thoughts in
your mind while wearing them on your face at the same time."

* * *

Tom was too stunned to bristle at his counterpart's comment. Voldemort hadn't
recognized him. *How could he *not* have recognized him?* Their last
encounters had been brief and inattentive, and Tom had been careful to avoid
the Dark Lord's presence as much possible to prevent recognition. He had been
absolutely convinced that if they touched, there would be no way of hiding the
truth. There should have been some sort of reaction. Some magical friction, a
physical sensation, *something.*

And there had been something, but not what he had been expecting. There had
been no familiar spark of fire. There had been no sudden feeling of absolute
recognition. Rather, there had been sense of... someone else. He had sensed
Harry.

But how? He could feel Voldemort's barely constrained magic lapping against
his own, but it did not intertwine or react upon contact as he had expected.
He could feel Harry's magic as a cold sliver of ice caught in the fire, small
but impossible to ignore. It was what Tom imagined his own magic had felt like
just after his emergence from the diary, when Harry's magic had still been
strong inside him before his own finally took over. But surely Voldemort had
not gone through such a rebirth himself?

It begged the question of what he had done to take Harry's magic.
Particularly, how he had done so without killing the boy.

What did it mean?

He felt suddenly and intensely jealous. Voldemort had shared... no, stolen
magic from Harry. It was an intimacy only Tom had been privy to and one he
used to frequently used to justify the sense of familial affection he held for
Harry. That his counterpart had mimicked that defining characteristic of his
and Harry's bond was unforgivable.

It was something to deal with later. He needed no additional excuses for
revenge, but perhaps an extra layer to the suffering was appropriate. At the
moment, he was lucky to have made it through this encounter undetected. He had
been planning to curse the Dark Lord and make a run for it while his
counterpart was still surprised. He couldn't hope to kill him. It would take
more than simple wand magic to destroy Voldemort, and he hadn't had time to
prepare. He hadn't honestly expected the Dark Lord to show up at all tonight.
Now that he knew he had remained undetected, he had to play his part in this
farce.

As briefly as possible. It wouldn't do to tempt fate.

"I shall work to improve, my Lord," he said shakily, only partly acting.

"You do that. I am afraid I must leave you now. I have some entertaining to do
in the parlor. I would gladly invite a man of your talents, but I think you
will have a little more practice first. Severus, Narcissa... Lucius, if you
wouldn't mind gathering the others? Ira, my dear, we will be talking mostly
business, and I am afraid it will be terribly dull for you. If you would
prefer to stay and enjoy the festivities, I shall not think any less of you.
And if you would do me the favor of watching out for Harry? He has only just
recovered from that little accident I told you about, and I would prefer he
didn't overexert himself."

There was acquiescence around the room along with a general sense of relief.
No one had died or gotten cursed, and now the Dark Lord's attention seemed to
be directed towards a particular task rather than a particular person. There
was only a great deal of wounded pride and awkwardness, and that was
survivable.

Tom offered to keep Ira company in the absence of her husband, which earned
him a rather unpleasant glare from Snape, but Ira herself looked relieved. She
knew almost no one there, and the thought of being left alone with so many
rich and somewhat snobbish purebloods was almost panic-inducing. For Tom's
part, he hoped Ira's responsibility of looking after Harry might yield an
opportunity to speak with his dear friend, and he was willing to put up with
the woman's tepid personality for such a chance.

Before that, however, he had to assist his 'superior' in rounding up the
former Death Eaters for their annual parlor room chat. He spoke briefly to one
after another, at least those he recognized, and trusted them to pass on the
message as he went. He was almost done and prepared to meet up with Ira when
he spotted Crouch moving towards Lucius.

A sudden sense of dread came over him.

* * *

"Lucius, why so glum? Don't tell me you've lost your Christmas spirit," Crouch
greeted his longtime rival cheerfully. He had been watching the confrontation
on the balcony, and while he hadn't been able to see some of it or hear any of
it, it was obvious that things still hadn't warmed between the Dark Lord and
the general.

Such a pity, that.

Lucius turned to cast an imperious glare over his shoulder at him. Crouch
noted that his jaw was clenched and he was working a little harder than usual
school his features. Mentally, Crouch purred at the signs of weakness. It
would make what he was about to do all the more enjoyable.

"The Dark Lord wishes for our presence in the parlor. If you see anyone who
should attend, please let them know," the general said, ignoring his comment
in favor of reciting the words he had said to a dozen other witches and
wizards already. He was already turning away, but Crouch caught his arm to
stop him. The man looked at him in surprise.

"Before all that, there's something I need to show you. Somewhere private."

Lucius gave him a skeptical look, but not a nervous one. No one could harm him
in his own house, except perhaps the Dark Lord, but even he was reluctant to
test the defenses of the formidable Malfoy Manor. If the Malfoys were in any
way threatened within the manor, the defensive magic would rise up to their
defense just as it would in Hogwarts, only the magic tended to be more
insidious if not more powerful. Additionally, only the Lord of Malfoy Manor
could deactivate the defenses once they were activated. Crouch might have the
gall or the insanity necessary to attack Malfoy, but he wasn't stupid enough
to attempt it at the manor.

So Crouch wasn't surprised when Lucius agreed by leading him out of the
ballroom and into an empty corridor. He threw up a silencing charm before
turning back to his unwanted companion. Crouch put on a vaguely concerned
looked despite his desire to grin like a madman. Not that Lucius couldn't see
right through it, but one must observe propriety.

"What do you want?" Lucius asked impatiently.

Crouch pulled open his formal robes and slipped a piece of paper from his
breast pocket. He regarded the document with something like fondness.

"Like I said, to show you something."

He handed it to Lucius, who snatched it out of his hand and skimmed it
briefly. Crouch could tell immediately when the other wizard recognized what
he was holding.

"Where did you get this?" he demanded.

"Oh, you know, the Court of Familial Affairs. I have a few of my people in
there to monitor for things like this. Well, not things *precisely* like this,
but you never know when a family tiff might threaten national security."

Lucius took a deep breath.

"How do I know this is real?"

"Darling, I couldn't make something like this up."

"Yes, you could."

"Okay true, but the fact that someone else had done it on their own is
absolutely *delicious.*"

"And what do you expect me to do about it?"

Crouch shrugged.

"That's entirely up to you. After all, she's your...daughter," he snickered.

Lucius fixed him with a look that made Crouch wonder if the man intended to
kill him. He almost hoped he tried. That would be interesting indeed and,
assuming he failed, something he could hold over his head for years. If
Voldemort didn't kill him first.

But Lucius didn't draw his wand. Instead, his attention turned back towards
the ballroom, and he knew all that barely concealed rage was being directed at
someone else entirely. Without another word, the man stalked away, letting the
document he had been holding fall to the ground. Once gone, Crouch let out a
laugh, trusting the silencing charm to swallow it, before reaching down to
collect the paper.

The words 'Declaration of Intention to Emancipate: Form 228C' stared up at
him, and his laughter escalated until he was practically doubling over.

"What have you done?"

The madman grinned at Stratus, finding the man had already breached the sphere
of silence and looked nearly as livid as Lucius had. Everyone really was being
overly sensitive tonight, weren't they?

"Just securing our investment. Speaking of which, you shouldn't be speaking
with me. People will become suspicious," he said with a smile, but there was
now a touch of steel in his voice.

He might enjoy a little spat with Lucius, that was expected and could hardly
be used against them, but this little fool was an investment of time and
effort that could easily be compromised this early in the game.

"Tell me what you said to him!" the man demanded.

Whatever amusement Crouch held instantly fell away, and his face twisted into
a snarl.

"Don't you take that tone with me, you insignificant little pissant. Know who
you are addressing."

The soldier had the sense to look taken back for a moment, but it didn't last
long.

"I know who I'm talking to. Now tell me what you've done."

Crouch sneered at him.

"You'll find out soon enough. It's better if it catches you off guard. You're
shit at acting."

Stratus didn't grace him with a reply. He scurried away, probably to find
Malfoy and stop whatever disaster the conspirator had stirred up. It was too
late for that. The soldier had no power over the general, and whatever
happened next, ruination and salvation, depended entirely on Lucius' ability
to control himself and the situation. Even Crouch could not be certain how it
might turn out, except that Hermione Granger wasn't going to walk away from it
unscathed.

He idled on his way back towards the ballroom. He had been called to the
parlor, but he figured he had a few minutes before he was missed and wanted to
see if the inevitable confrontation would occur right there on the dance
floor.

Intent as he was on the possible drama about to unfurl, he failed to notice
the little beetle hovering a few feet above him and was none the wiser when it
disappeared in a quiet buzz up the nearby stairs.

* * *

"Oh, thank God they left finally," Hermione sighed, lying back in her bed, a
bare foot being massaged carefully by Dobby, who was staring at the aggrieved
limb as if it had the answer to the meaning of life. "Another ten minutes and
there would have been blood, I know it."

Harry and Draco shared a sympathetic look, quite happy that men's footwear
sided on the less painful end of the fashion spectrum. Harry stood by the
window, looking out onto the manor grounds. There was no snow yet this year
and the moon was only a small sliver, but even so there was still a sort of
dismal majesty to the rolling hills and the proud, skeletal oak trees that
spotted the surrounding land. He felt a distinct urge to explore the half
wildness of it, remembering his brief jaunt over the grounds at night during
one of his spells of moon madness. There would be no madness tonight, but he
thought a bit of mischief in the form of exploration while in their formal
robes might be a bit fun in and of itself. Could he convince Hermione and
Draco? Draco would be scandalized, but then he liked to do scandalous things
every once in a while. He thought it made him more interesting. It certainly
made him more fun. Hermione might wave it off as a ridiculous notion, but then
she surprised him often enough. Ridiculous or not, she had an adventurer's
spirit hidden under all those etiquette lessons and fancy dresses.

But no, there was still the matter of Lucius. He couldn't very well expect the
general to appreciate him running off with his son and foster daughter in the
middle of the night and bringing them back covered in dirt and brambles. For
tonight at least, he would try to behave.

Next year, he wasn't making any promises.

"How long do you think you need?" Draco asked, pacing restlessly up back and
forth across the room. Unlike his sister, he wasn't the least bit tired. He
had been enjoying himself with several different dancing partners, finding
himself the center of a great deal of fawning by pretty little pureblood
ladies eager for his attention. Natalie's presence and scathing commentary
tended to scare them away whenever she kept his company, but she had decided
not to come this year after hearing Harry probably wouldn't be there and opted
instead to spend the holiday with her mothers. Hermione rolled her eyes at
him. She was not impressed with his Don Juan routine, but Harry preferred
Draco distracted from the fact that he had been nursing a feud against him
less than a week ago.

"I *need* just a few more minutes, but I'm going to stay here as long as
possible. How long do you think the Dark Lord will keep them in the parlor?"
she asked, directing her question to Harry.

"Who knows? I don't think it will be as long as usual. He didn't seem to be in
the mood for reminiscing about the good old days. He's trying to organize his
return to Germany before the New Year."

That caught both Draco and Hermione's attention.

"So soon? He has recovered from... whatever it was?" Draco asked.

"At my expense, yes," Harry said ruefully. He still hadn't quite forgiven his
mentor for that. Looking at their confused expressions, he clarified. "He took
a bit of my magic and healed himself. It was sort of an accident and sort
of... well, not. Please don't ask me to do much magic for awhile. I'd probably
embarrass myself."

"Harry, that's not... that's not possible. You can't take someone's magic
directly... well, not without hurting them really badly or even more likely
yourself. That's basic magical theory."

Considering they didn't teach that concept until they were at least fifth
years at Hogwarts, he didn't think it qualified as 'basic' magical theory, but
then she had probably known all about it before her first Welcoming Feast.

"You can if you filter it through the soul and not the body."

Draco looked at him blankly. Hermione's eyes were wide.

"Oh... OH! That's... that's rather brilliant. And dangerous! What were you
thinking?"

"Funnily enough, I was thinking it was a really bad idea too. This time, it's
entirely the Dark Lord's fault. Feel free to scold him thoroughly. He doesn't
listen to me."

"You should feel some sympathy for everyone else then," Draco said. "You don't
listen to anybody else either."

Harry just grinned at them. This was fun. He had missed this. He enjoyed the
Dark Lord's company, but it wasn't the same as hanging out with his friends.
Voldemort and he shared a strange, complicated, and undefinable relationship
that kept him constantly on his toes and constantly guessing, measuring his
defiances and acquiescences, his feelings always falling into extremes in any
direction. It was exciting but exhausting. This was... this was easy. Well,
not always easy, but certainly easier. Simpler, comfortable. Harry went off to
have adventures with Voldemort, but he came home to his friends.

A frantic knock on the door kept him from responding with something teasing.
Hermione let out a groan.

"It seems someone noticed we were gone. Alright, Dobby you can stop now. You
did a marvelous job. I feel much better."

The house elf grinned and bowed and thanked his mistress for her kindness
before disappearing. House elves were not to be seen if it could at all be
helped, and while this rule didn't apply to immediate family and close family
friends, it would apply to whoever had come looking for them in Hermione's
bedroom.

"Who is it?" she called. It would be nice to know in advance if she would have
to hide Harry in the closet or not. Having an unrelated boy in her bedroom was
not a rumor she wanted circulating.

"It's Skeeter, open up!"

While Hermione's expression turned confused, Draco's became pure panic. He
practically leaped across the room to grab Harry and throw their friend into
her wardrobe. It seemed she wasn't the only one worried about her reputation.
She went to the door.

"Skeeter? How did you get here? You're not on the guest list."

She opened the door to see Skeeter grinning at her like a Cheshire cat and
wasn't given the opportunity to close the door in her face before a foot was
thrust inside, followed by the woman herself. She was not dressed for the
ball, or maybe she was, and the evergreen business dress with the white
feather lining was her idea of what passed for formal wear according to her
deranged sense of fashion. Her pointed, candy apple red shoes made Hermione's
look like loafers in comparison. She cast a disinterested look around the
bedroom, shamelessly seeking out any secrets it might yield up. Her gaze
finally settled, and she stalked towards Draco.

"What are you doing here, Skeeter? Get out!" he snarled.

"Tut-tut, Mr. Malfoy, I'm not here for you," she said and strode right by him
to the wardrobe, which she threw open. Harry looked out at her with some
embarrassment from a curtain of lavender skirts and silk blouses. "*Never*
hide in the wardrobe, Harry, darling, it's the first place anyone is likely to
look. Well, that and under the bed. Up and out."

She grabbed him by his lapel and with surprising strength, pulled him out.
Once free, they found Draco pointing a wand at her. She rolled her eyes.

"For heaven's sake, I'm here to *warn* you. We don't have time for the big
brother routine. I don't care if the three of you were having a ménage à trois
in here or not."

Three faces immediately turned red.

"Skeeter," Harry growled out to cover up his embarrassment. "What are you
doing?"

She rolled her eyes.

"I already told you. I'm *warning* you. Lord Malfoy is on his way, and he is
very, *very* angry."

He rolled his eyes right back at her.

"I can handle Lord Malfoy, thank you very much."

"*No*, Harry, he's not coming for you. He's coming for *her.*"

All eyes turned to Hermione.

"What do you mean he's coming for me? What did I do?"

"He found out about the emancipation."

There was a collective gasp, except from the reporter who let out a snort.

"What? How?"

"Crouch."

Draco hissed. "That bastard. That fucking bastard."

"Do you mind if I quote you on that?" Skeeter tittered, enjoying this entirely
too much.

"Oh God, oh God, he's going to kill me!"

This wasn't an exaggeration. If he didn't do it now, then he might after the
guests left. They would have to do something.

"No, he won't," Harry said, gathering his resolve. It seemed his intention to
placate the general would have to be set aside for the night in favor of
continuing their little war against each other. He almost felt guilty about
the relief he felt. He had always made war with Lucius better than he made
peace. "Hermione, I want you to start packing. Enough for a week. You have ten
minutes. Draco, you need to go back to the party. Whatever happens, don't
interfere. Go."

"But Harry-" Draco started.

"Draco, we can't let your father know you helped us in any way. We need him to
trust you or we won't know for sure when it's safe for Hermione to come back."

"Come back? Where is she-"

"Don't ask, *go!*"

The other boy threw up his hands in frustration, but hurried towards the door
just the same. He grabbed Hermione as she scurried past him gathering up her
things and hugged her. She seemed startled but then fiercely hugged him back.

"Be safe," he said and let her go.

Once he was out the door, Harry turned to Skeeter.

"Skeeter, you're taking Hermione to London. Find some place safe for her to
hole up for a while. Someplace Malfoy won't be able to find her."

"I'm what? Oh, no, no, no. I came here and warned you because you did me a
favor by bringing me to the party-"

"Harry!" Hermione cried. He gave her an apologetic shrug.

"-and I got this *great* scoop." The fact that Crouch had agents spying on the
legal and private family matters of the British citizenry was going to be the
scandal of the New Year. Lucius Malfoy's family debacle would be a page three
article at best. "But that doesn't mean I intend to be a part of your little
conspiracy. You're on your own, kids."

"Too late, Skeeter, you've already interfered. Now you're a part of it whether
you like it or not. It's the price you pay for sticking your nose in other
people's business."

"Oh really? And what are you going to do? Tell them I broke in? All I have to
do is tell everyone that you invited me. We'll both go do down together, but
you're going to fall from a much higher height."

"Don't push me. You might be able to walk away from a Court inquiry, but what
do you think will happen if I let slip your own role in Hermione's
emancipation? I won't have to destroy you, Skeeter. Lucius Malfoy will do that
for me."

For a moment, no one spoke. No one moved. Two sets of wide eyes stared at him.

"*Fine*," Skeeter said at last, letting out a huff of annoyance. "You're damn
lucky I like you so much."

After that, there was nothing really left to discuss. Hermione kept her school
trunk mostly packed already, and she only required a few odds and ends before
she was ready to go. She didn't bother to change yet. She didn't want to waste
the time and risk another minute in the manor. It wouldn't take long for the
house elves to realize something was going on and report her to Lucius. She
shrunk and lightened her trunk, changed into some walking shoes, and followed
Harry quickly out into the hall. Skeeter had already changed forms and hidden
herself in the elaborate weave of Hermione's hair, while she and Harry
pretended nothing was out of the ordinary and they were enjoying a harmless if
somewhat brisk walk towards the manor entryway. Harry went ahead briefly to
look for signs of Lucius, and he was glad he did, because he spotted the man
heading for the stairs.

"He's coming," Harry said as he hurried back down the hall towards her. "Is
there another way downstairs?"

"The servant stairs behind the painting. It splits into a little hall that
goes to either the kitchen or the cloak room."

"Go to the cloak room," he said, digging out his paper ticket the elf had
given him. "Take my cloak and pull up the hood. If you're lucky, no one will
recognize you until after you've left."

"Where are you going?"

"I have to slow him down."

"Harry, that's not-"

"He won't hurt me. He won't dare with the Dark Lord here. Don't worry. Skeeter
will make sure nothing happens to you. Hurry, we don't have a lot of time."

As with Draco, she hugged him briefly but fiercely before running back down
the hall. He watched her go, taking a deep breath to steady himself. He could
do this. He would do this. They had anticipated a scenario very similar to
this when they had first started planning for Hermione's freedom, when things
were even more desperate than they were now. They hadn't gone over the details
again, there wasn't time, and he had no intention of letting Skeeter know
them.

London was still something of a wreck, even now, but that made it perfect for
hiding in. A lot of hotels that weren't going to look too closely at anyone
willing to pay the price for a room, and not even a quarter the number of
Sentinels needed to conduct a search were available if one were ordered. If
Hermione found herself in trouble, Harry had told her to seek out Fred and
George at the Red Weasel. He knew that they would help her, and more
importantly, he knew they would know *how* to help her. She could hide in
London until he managed to get word to her or until the school year started
and she could hide safely in Hogwarts. Snape might not agree with what she had
done, but he wouldn't leave her to Lucius' mercies either. If things got bad
enough, he still had that open invitation for Hermione in France, where she
could be safe behind the walls of Beauxbatons until she was old enough to make
her own way in the world. Hopefully some sort of solution could be found
before that became necessary, but it was comforting to know they had options
and contingency plans if they needed them.

None of it would mean anything, however, if he couldn't get Hermione safely
out of the manor before Lucius found her.

Taking another calming breath, he headed towards the stairs. He stopped at the
top when he spotted his enemy climbing towards him. Lucius hesitated at the
sight of him, but there was no surprise. Only suspicion. Harry regarded him
coolly and leaned against the wall at the top of the rail. They said nothing
for a moment, simply assessed one another, determining the state of mind and
threat the other posed. Harry couldn't decipher much. At least, not much of
what he didn't know already. Lucius was angry, his hands were shaking from it,
but it wasn't directed at Harry, not yet, and soon enough the elder wizard
continued on his course. Harry hadn't spoken or moved to stop him. He took a
gamble and held his breath, tense but motionless until Lucius passed by the
servant's secret door without pausing.

Harry let out a breath and waited, praying to any god or goddess that would
listen that his gambit would pay off. That when Lucius didn't find Hermione in
her room, he wouldn't summon the house elves to find her but instead...

"Potter!"

Would come looking for him. Minutes Lucius wasted were minutes bought for
Hermione.

"Yes, Lord Malfoy?" he asked, still leaning against the wall.

"Where is she?"

"Where is who?"

"That wretched little mudblood I call my daughter."

Harry gave him a perplexed look.

"I am afraid I don't know anyone who matches that description."

"Hermione, you fool!"

"Oh, *her*. I wasn't aware you ever called her your daughter, wretched or
otherwise. Haven't seen her."

"Don't play games with me, boy, I am not in the mood. Where is she?"

"How would I know? Does it look like I have her in my back pocket?" he sniped
and moved away from the wall to make his way downstairs. Lucius would follow
him now, he knew. He hoped. How much time had passed? He didn't have his watch
anymore. Had she made it to the cloak room yet? She had to have. Would there
be any house elves there? Would they question her? Of course not, they
wouldn't dare question the actions of a witch, no matter how odd.

A hand snagged his arm, and he mentally crowed his success until the grip
tightened into something painful, and all he could do was grimace. He would
bruise tomorrow, but that was fine. Tomorrow, Hermione would be safely out of
reach.

"Where is she?"

"I don't know. I'm not her keeper."

"I asked around. They said you left with her a few minutes ago."

"She said her feet hurt so I escorted her out so no one else would ask her to
dance. I don't know where she went after that. Maybe she went to soak her
feet. Maybe she went to find new shoes."

*Go check the spa, Lucius*, he silently willed. * Go check your wife's shoe closet. Give Hermione the time and space she needs to get outside the manor*. She had probably found his cloak by now and may have already slipped outside, but it would take her ten minutes alone to run to the gate. He needed more time.

"You're lying."

"Hah." Harry didn't even attempt to deny it. "Okay, maybe I really do keep her
in my back pocket."

He knew Lucius Malfoy was dangerous and for a variety of reasons, but he had
underestimated just how *daring* the Slytherin could actually be. They were
not a hundred feet away from the ballroom doors and in clear view of anyone
who might happen to look up at them, and somewhere in that mass of people was
a highly temperamental Dark Lord with an unpredictable protective streak. It
would only take one concerned witness to bring down Voldemort's unholy wrath.

But it didn't stop Lucius from twisting Harry's arm sharply back and up,
causing the smaller wizard to cry out in surprise and pain. Too late Harry
realized it was his right arm, the one with his wand hidden up the sleeve.

"I've had enough of you, Potter. I won't tolerate your impertinence in my own
house. *Look at me when I'm talking to you*."

He was shaken roughly, making him grit his teeth against a fresh wave of pain.
Would Lucius really break his arm? Dislocate his shoulder? He could probably
do it and fix it before anyone was the wiser. He didn't dare take the risk. He
had already miscalculated the return of the Malfoy patriarch's sanity.
Clearly, he wasn't all there.

He forced himself to turn back and glower up at the man. Lucius glared back at
him.

And then Harry felt the tell-tale pressure of a legilimens' mind pressing
against his.

He slammed his eyes shut and turned away again. No! He couldn't let him see!
If he did, he would find Hermione, whether she had escaped from the manor or
not. He would find out about Ron. He would find out about Bobby and Carrigan.

There was another twist of his arm, and he let out a cry of pain, unable to
hold it.

"Look at me! *Look at me!*"

But Harry wouldn't. He'd take the broken arm and the pain. He would protect
his friends. *It hurts, it hurts! *His body protested and his mind flailed,
but he kept his eyes squeezed shut.

From below he could hear voices, low but frantic. Had someone found them? He
squinted his eyes open to see Ira standing horrified at the bottom of the
stairs and just beyond her was Lt. Stratus- Reggy. He was the one talking,
trying to talk Lucius down and to release Harry before things got out of hand.
*Too late for that*, Harry thought.

No one else had spotted them yet, and frantic house elves were quickly but
quietly closing the ballroom doors before anyone else did. The noise from the
orchestra had drowned out his cries and Reggy's pleas. Who knew how much
Lucius could get away with? Reggy was a direct subordinate of Lucius and Ira
didn't have the skill set to face Lucius in combat. Would either of them be
able to stop him?

There was a shuffling behind him and Harry became aware of Lucius switching
out the hand holding his arm so that he could draw his wand. Harry's eyes
widened. He couldn't let Lucius use his magic on him. With his own magic so
low, he might not have the ability to fight off an Imperius, and a stunner or
body-bind would leave him absolutely helpless.

He shoved himself backwards hard, ramming into Lucius, and smashed the back of
his head into the man's face. Lucius was taller but not so tall that the top
of Harry's head didn't reach his nose. The move stunned the man, and he
loosened his grip enough for Harry to twist out of it and shove him away
roughly. The force of the shove knocked Lucius over, but also sent Harry back
a step.

Between the first gush of blood from Lord Malfoy's broken nose and the half
step backwards of his attacker, the manor's wards activated. Harry didn't have
the time to register the sudden burning tingle of defensive magic through his
magus hypersentia. His first sense of something wrong came when he reached
back his foot, expecting to find a step there and only found open air.

By then it was too late.

He was falling. He was falling and for a heart-stopping moment it almost like
flying, weightless with a rush of moving air, and then it was very much like
falling again as first his left arm then his back stuck the rounded marble
edges of the stairs. There was immediate pain, but it was too brief again for
him to analyze before gravity and momentum rolled him even further and his
head struck the stairs with a ominous crack.

He didn't remember anything that happened after that.

* * *

Ira was not given the benefit of blacking out, although it amazed her that she
didn't faint then and there. Amazed that rather than standing there like a
frozen rabbit, she sprinted for the stairs. She wasn't fast enough to stop
Harry's fall nor the first strike of his head against the stairs. She couldn't
stop him from rolling, but she did manage to catch him before he was more than
halfway down and just barely managed to keep herself from being knocked the
rest of the way with him.

"HARRY? HARRY?" she screamed. She couldn't stop herself from screaming, even
though he was right there in her arms. Bleeding all over her arms. Panic
seized her. *He hit his head,* she thought, and even in her own mind she was
screaming. *What about his neck? His back?*

Any of these fragile pieces could have shattered against the marble and killed
him instantly. He was not moving, but his eyes are just slightly open. Did
they flutter? Did they blink? She couldn't see. Her eyes were flooded with
tears and panic. She fought the urge to shake him, as if she could shake him
awake and force him to speak, to reassure her that he was alive and he was
going to be okay.

She could force herself not to shake him, but she couldn't stop herself from
screaming.

"SEVERUS, SEVERUS! HELP ME!"

But Severus wasn't there, and even if he heard her, he was far away, and Harry
was still bleeding, and she didn't know where. Moving him as carefully and
gently as she could with her shaking hands, she moved his head to her lap and
took out her wand. She knew what she was supposed to do. She'd been trained
for this. Years ago, but it was her favorite class. Her favorite teacher.
She'd only had to use her first aid training for minor things like second
degree burns and a sprained wrist so far. She'd never had to use the emergency
first aid training. Prayed she would never have to, but never dared let
herself forget it completely.

"*Rigidus spina*," she invoked, managing a few decibels below a deafening
screech.

Nothing happened. She panicked and tried again, and this time she could feel
Harry's neck and back straighten and stiffen. His spinal column now secured,
she reached for his pulse. She didn't think she would be able to feel anything
beneath her trembling hands, but the pulse was there when she searched for it
under the softness of his jaw.

Then, incredibly, he blinked and he let out a soft gasp. His eyes remained
unfocused and dull, but he was alive! She could have laughed she was so
relieved.

But he was still bleeding, and she didn't know where it was coming from.

"SEVERUS!"

* * *

Tom knew exactly when Harry got himself into real trouble, and it wasn't when
Lucius grabbed his arm nor when the elder wizard reached for his wand. Tom
could easily have rescued him from both these situations, either through
reason or a few simple, harmless spells. The moment everything went to hell
was when Harry broke Lucius' nose. After that, it wasn't Lucius who became the
enemy, it was the entire goddamn manor. For a moment, he was frozen in fear of
this.

The moment was long enough for him to fail.

Harry's fall was abrupt and hard, and he didn't have the chance to get a spell
off before Ira had rushed up the stairs to stop it with her own body like a
panicking muggle rather than with a spell. She was still faster than him
though. Faster to catch Harry, and faster to scream before he could stop her.
In moments, the doors behind him were pushed open and people came streaming
out to find out what all the noise was about.

What greeted them surely must have been something to see. A woman in modest
gray satin covered in blood, the body of a boy, *the* unmistakable Harold
James Potter, in her red stained hands, and Lucius Malfoy peering down at the
carnage like the specter of death. No, not death. He looked far too surprised
to be death. Surprised and bloody, with a handkerchief pressed to his face to
stifle the blood flow.

People moved further into the entryway, although no one dared move closer to
Harry's still form. By now, Ira was beginning to blunder her way through
magical first aid, still crying out for her husband when she should have been
crying out for a medi-wizard, but he couldn't criticize her. She was a panicky
mess of flailing limbs, stammered spells, and shrieking, but at least she was
doing something. He hadn't moved at all. He hadn't said a word.

He couldn't remember how.

A soft chuckle in his ear made him wince.

"This just gets better and better, doesn't it?" Crouch said softly in his ear,
low enough that no one else around them could hear.

And like a flipped switch or a spell that had been lifted, his mind returned
to his body and he turned slowly to look the other man in the eye. Crouch
blinked once, taken off guard. Stratus blinked back, confused, then looked
around. The confusion didn't lift. The certainty of purpose and intention was
no longer with him, but with Crouch who moved carefully through the crowd
until he stood at the bottom of the steps.

Ira didn't see him. Her sight was only for the boy whose life now rested in
delicate, trembling fingers. Crouch watched them silently for a moment, taking
in Harry's half-lidded, unseeing eyes and his blood-soaked hair. If not for
the faint movement of his lips and a barely discernible whisper he would have
believed him already dead. It was too soon to know if he could be saved.

Unforgivable.

He turned his hateful gaze up to Lucius, his eyes flashed crimson. A
questioning look entered the general's gaze but then he fumbled for his wand
as Crouch raised his own to point it directly at him.

"*Avada Kedavra.*"

The man that was once Lucius Malfoy crumbled to the ground with barely a
sound. A puppet whose strings were cut. Several screams and outraged cries
erupted from the surrounding crowd, and wands were drawn.

Then the entire manor let loose a tremor, rattling windows and chandeliers.
Doors suddenly slammed themselves shut, knocking over startled guests or
trapping them inside or outside of the ballroom. Locks and latches slid into
place. Lamp bulbs burst and candles snuffed themselves out, casting the rooms
into darkness. There was more screaming now, this time from fear rather than
outrage, and panicked witches and wizards tried for the doors but found them
sealed against escape. A terrified wizard tried shoving open a window but
found his hands severely burned for his efforts.

Lighting charms were cast, but they only lit the rooms in blinding light and
madly dancing shadows, adding to the chaos rather than banishing it. Ira was
just as confused and terrified as any of them, but she didn't move from her
post, half curled over Harry's helpless body and still desperately trying to
find out where all the blood was coming from. At the bottom of the stairs,
Crouch continued to stare at Harry's unmoving form, watching the flickering of
light and darkness against his features.

He stared and he stared and kept on staring until the chandelier above him
dropped free from its mooring and plummeted down on top of him, killing him
instantly.

* * *

Stratus was more confused and frightened than anyone else, remembering neither
how he had gotten there and nor what was happening, and stood frozen, moving
only when some panicked witch or wizard ran into him or shouldered past. If
not for the pain of those careless knocks and bruises, he might have thought
he was having a nightmare. He had been having so many nightmares lately, it
seemed.

He suddenly stiffened, feeling a familiar, terrible presence within him. He
closed his eyes and shoved back at the presence, trying to push it out again,
but he was not strong enough and it hurt to go near it so he fled into the
darkness again where at least the horrors were painless. Tom opened his eyes
and admired his handiwork. Lucius was dead. Crouch was dead. The sheep were
panicking and hadn't noticed a damn thing.

Revenge was sweet, but he didn't have time to enjoy it. He needed to help
Harry, if help could still be had for him. He made his way towards his
incapacitated friend, wary of any other falling furniture or magical traps,
but before he got there one of the side doors exploded. The force of the blast
knocked him and several others nearby to the ground. When he regained his
senses and sat up, he could make out the Dark Lord striding into the chaos.

"What is going on here?" he demanded, his voice magically amplified to drown
out the panicked crying and wailing. A mirror nearby shattered and hurled its
glassy knives at him, but he waved his wand and banished them with barely a
sideways glance. "Where is Lucius? Why has he activated the wards?"

Death Eaters began flowing in from behind him, positioning themselves around
the area in a defensive circle. The angry but fearless presence of the Dark
Lord seemed to call order back into the room, and everyone quickly stopped
flinging themselves about pointlessly in favor of letting him fix the
situation.

"Lord Malfoy is dead!" a witch cried out and pointed towards the top of the
stairs. "He was killed by Bartimius Crouch!"

Voldemort's gaze rose up the stairs but stopped halfway on Harry and Ira. Ira,
blood smeared from her chin all the way down the front of her dress, looked to
him with pleading eyes. He didn't need legilimency to know what she was
begging for, but he used it anyway to find out *why* this had happened. In the
blink of an eye, he saw it all. Lucius' attack, Harry's panicked
counterattack, and the near-fatal result. What he didn't see was how *Lucius*
had died. She had not been watching anything but Harry at that point.

Her gaze broke away as it landed on Snape, who was rushing towards her. He
took over Harry's care quickly and efficiently, going through the limited
number of steps of diagnosis and treatment available to him with only his wand
and Ira's shaky explanations. He forced himself to look away after that. Snape
would do more than he could ever hope to do himself until they could get Harry
to trained medi-wizards. And he wouldn't be able to get Harry that much-needed
medical care until he deactivated the manor's damn wards.

He turned his attention to the top of the stairs where the witch had pointed.
There was Lucius. Fallen bonelessly onto his side and staring out at nothing,
his white blond hair half fallen onto his face. Dead.

The Dark Lord felt a stirring inside of him but wasn't sure what to identify
it as. Grief? Regret? He couldn't define it explicitly, but mostly it seemed
to him to be frustration at the complete waste of it. Whatever his ire towards
his general, it was not enough to erase the years of dedicated and competent
servitude. Lucius was as selfishly ambitious as they came, but he had been a
part of Voldemort's dream. A part of the vision of Britain's future he had
been building and a symbol of Pureblood heritage and culture. And now he was
gone, and Voldemort wasn't certain how he could ever possibly replace him.

"Where is Crouch?"

"Dead!" the witch cried again and pointed to the chandelier. Voldemort looked
down and spotted a few odd limbs sticking out of the debris. His feelings
towards Crouch were considerably less complicated.

Mostly, he was just extremely annoyed.

It seemed he was running out of people to blame for this mess.

There were loud thudding and clacking sounds from up upstairs, signaling the
manor's collection of enchanted armor had taken up arms and was now marching
towards them. It was another of a hundred minor waves of retaliation that
would continue until the wards were deactivated, the possible enemies were all
dead or close to it, or the manor tore itself apart.

"Where is Narcissa?" he demanded. She had followed them out of the parlor, but
now he could not see her anywhere. No, she couldn't do anything about this
anyway. She was a Malfoy by marriage, not blood. "Where is Draco Malfoy?"

From within the ballroom there came a cacophony of screaming followed by
several loud crashes. Voldemort rolled his eyes. Why was everyone so bloody
helpless? He waved his wand at the doors and melted them from their hinges.
Icy water poured out from the doors in a miniature wave, rushing over over his
feet and ankles and flooding the entryway. From his position, the Dark Lord
could see the ice cavern melting rapidly, causing ice sculptures and the
overhanging balcony to collapse in slushy avalanches onto the guests below
them. Some of the more level-headed witches and wizards had started casting
spells to protect themselves, but there was no way to stop the collapse
itself.

Voldemort turned back to his minions, who were waiting for his orders.

"You and you," he said, pointing to two of his more able servants. "Find me
Draco Malfoy."

One disappeared through the ballroom doors while the second braved the cloak
room and backrooms beyond it. The sound of thudding and clanking grew louder,
and from the top of the stairs appeared four suited pieces of armor, armed
with halberds and swords, beginning their loud, cumbersome descent down the
stairs and towards Harry and his guardians. Voldemort was momentarily
distracted by a panicked scream when an elderly wizard suddenly caught fire
for no apparent reason (warming charm gone wrong perhaps?), and missed Snape
blasting the enchanted soldiers to pieces.

His victory was rather short-lived when the stair beneath him suddenly
transfigured into a smooth, steep decline and deposited him, his wife, and the
barely conscious Harry into a half foot of freezing water below.

"Bloody son of a-" Snape cursed, hissing as he was instantly soaked. Ira was
too stunned to do more than gasp at the sudden shock but quickly lifted
Harry's head out of the water before he choked. Harry himself couldn't move,
but his eyes had widened and began rambling faintly 'not again, not again'.
The water around him quickly turned red. Voldemort was quickly losing his
patience, his crimson eyes flashing with rage and magic as evidence of his
lost control. He was quickly coming to the conclusion that tearing down the
manor was the most practical thing he could do.

"I found him, my Lord!"

From the ballroom, one of his minions reappeared, dragging Draco Malfoy behind
him. The young Slytherin's confusion quickly turned to fear as the Dark Lord
turned his attention on him and waded towards him. Voldemort seized him by the
shoulders, his fingers fisted into claws. Draco winced but didn't try to pull
away.

"Deactivate the wards!"

"I-I can't! Only father-"

"*You* are the Lord of Malfoy Manor now."

Grey eyes widened, so like his father's and yet so different. Lumps of dull
coal waiting to be hardened into diamonds by pressure and fire. They skittered
wildly around the entry, searching for escape, searching for help, searching
for his father, but all he could find in any direction was inexplicable chaos.

Until he found one of the things he was looking for.

And wished he hadn't.

"Father?"

Voldemort, at the end of his patience, struck him across the face and to the
ground.

"Deactivate the wards, you little fool!"

Draco gasped and scrambled away, water splashing everywhere. The manor gave
another harsh tremor, gearing for another wave of attacks as its newest master
was assaulted. Men and women were starting to scream and cry again. Voldemort
pointed his wand at the ceiling.

"Deactivate the wards, Draco, or I will tear this place down around us."

"N-no, w-wait," the young Slytherin stuttered, shock and cold causing him to
tremble. "En-enough! *ENOUGH!* *Placidus praedium!*"

There was one more violent shudder, and then the house settled. The doors and
windows unlatched themselves, the water around them receded, and house elves
were suddenly everywhere, frantically trying to put everything and everyone to
rights. Draco remained where he was, half crouched on the floor, staring up
the stairs and the end of his childhood.

Everything was instantly, overwhelmingly silent.

Silent, except for Harry's dazed, half-whisper.

"Where's 'Mione?"
