# Funeral Games

Harry started his morning by rolling over and vomiting over the edge of
the bed. Everything went pretty much downhill after that. Under the
revolting taste of bile was the only slightly less revolting taste of
potions. His first coherent thought was that Snape must not have brewed
said potions, because otherwise he wouldn't have vomited and his head
wouldn't feel like someone had been hammering it for the last hour. His
second thought was maybe Snape had brewed the potions and Harry had done
something to irritate him.

"Harry, are you alright? Can you hear me?"

He turned his head and blinked blearily at the fuzzy figure leaning
close to him. It took him a moment, but he recognized her.

"Ira?" he said, his voice raspy from abuse.

"I'm here. Just a moment, let me get the medi-wizard."

Ira shifted out of his line of sight, and he closed his eyes. Merlin, he
felt awful. Awful in a way he couldn't remember ever feeling before.
What had happened? Was he sick? Injured? Poisoned? The sound of
footsteps boomed in his ears like drums and cannon fire, and he groaned
and covered his head with his pillow. There was the muffled rumble of
voices, what sounded like a spell (probably to clean up the mess he had
made), then a gentle hand on his shoulder. Reluctantly, he pulled the
pillow away.

"Water, Harry," Ira said, bringing a glass and straw to his lips.

He drank it down eagerly, washing away the awful taste and soothing his
parched mouth and throat. She pulled it away before he was satisfied and
consequently before he was sick all over again. As she moved away, he
spotted the medi-wizard she had gone to get and a nurse. He could not
make out many details without his glasses, but the healer seemed to be a
short, pudgy gentleman with a neat little mustache and the nurse a dour,
emaciated-looking thing.

He attempted to give them a cheeky little grin and ask if he was dying,
but it came out as a grimace and a despairing 'I'm dying' instead. The
medi-wizard chuckled anyway.

"No need to be dramatic, Lord Potter. You're well out of danger now.
It's all uphill from here," he said congenially, gently positioning his
patient onto his back again. "I'm Medi-wizard Pappanoski, this is Nurse
Peele. We'll be seeing to your care."

"I wish I could say it was a pleasure, but... well, you know," Harry
grumbled. At the moment, he was sorely tempted to ignore everyone, close
his eyes, and go back to sleep, but Ira's nervous hovering got the
better of him. He would attempt to stay awake long enough to soothe
whatever fears she had.

"No offense taken. Now, I am going to ask you some questions and
performs some tests. Please be patient with me. I know you're tired and
in pain, but this is all necessary."

Harry sighed and nodded. Ira's hand slipped into his left and squeezed
gently. When he tried to return the gesture it felt numb, probably from
sleeping on it wrong. There was a bit of shuffling around, rearranging
equipment and bedding, and gathering paperwork. Harry found himself
propped mostly upright in his bed, his glasses once again perched on his
nose, and Ira at his side. Now able to see properly, he realized he was
not in a hospital room like he had originally thought. The room was just
as sterile and cold, but clearly a guest suite in either a prominent
pureblood manor house or a grandiose hotel. The bed, a king, was a
monstrosity of decadent wealth, and there was an extravagant set of
drawers and chairs to match. The thick fur of some unidentifiable beast
rested as a rug in front of the fireplace which was burning intensely.
It wasn't until he glanced out the set of large windows that he realized
where he was.

"Why am I at Malfoy Manor?" he asked. The healer settled into a chair
beside the bed and sank quite comfortably into it. He rested a clipboard
on his lap while his pudgy little fingers scribbled an illegible scrawl
with his quill.

"Oh excellent, you recognize your surroundings. That's a good sign. To
answer your question, you were originally taken to St. Hockley's in
Durbinshire for emergency care, but due to overcrowding it was felt your
recovery would best be served somewhere less... chaotic. Lord Malfoy
graciously offered a room."

Harry somehow doubted Lucius had been anything but gracious about it.
The Dark Lord had probably bullied the man into it, or else Lucius had
offered his home as a means of holding something over his head.

"What happened?" he asked, looking first to the medi-wizard and then to
Ira. Ira's eyes were bloodshot from crying, and he noted the clothes she
was wearing did not seem to be her own. Why was Ira borrowing clothes
from Lady Malfoy?

"Well... what do you remember last?"

Harry tried to think back. What day was today? Was it Christmas time
yet? Had it passed? His head hurt, and the harder he tried to think the
worse it got, until he started to feel nauseous again.

"I don't... I don't know. Merlin, my head hurts. Can you give me
something for it?"

He reached up to massage the back of his head, but when his hand brushed
bare skin he gave a surprised squawk. He tried to pull his hand from
Ira's, but it wouldn't move, so he was left feeling about for the hair
that was no longer there with his right. He was not actually hairless he
soon realized. He could still feel a sort of fuzzy growth just starting
to come in, but it was a near thing. Amongst the sparse fuzz where his
spine met his skull, he felt a jagged line of puckered skin and a sharp,
stabbing pain when he brushed it.

"Harry, it's alright," Ira hushed. "It'll grow back by tomorrow. They
had to shave it all off to see where you were bleeding."

"Someone hit me in the head?" he asked.

"Only if you count gravity as 'someone'. You fell down a flight of
stairs. You are terribly lucky you didn't break your neck. I take it you
do not remember the events surrounding the incident, then?"

"No... no. So... it was an accident?"

Somehow he didn't think it could be that simple.

Pappanoski and Ira shared a look. Nurse Peele glowered at him balefully
without expression.

"That, I think, we can discuss later. If you wouldn't mind answering a
few of my questions and letting me examine you, I'll see if I can't
scrounge up a potion for that headache of yours. Deal?"

Harry looked at him long and hard for a moment, then at Ira who was
staring down at her hands. He might be able to bully some answers out of
her, but he didn't want to resort to it. She was obviously upset
already, and he was too tired to care much about what the answer would
be at the moment anyway.

"Okay."

For the next forty-five minutes, Medi-wizard Pappanoski performed a
variety of tests. Some of the questions were basic memory questions,
like what was his full name and where did he go to school and what did
he last remember? Others were to test his mental acuity. What words
rhymed with 'cat'? Can you count back from one hundred? Look at this
card, Harold. What is out of place? Which of these objects looks closer
to you? Can you name three charms beginning with the same letter?

It wasn't until the physical examination that Harry became truly alarmed
when he found what he thought was weakness in his left hand was, in
fact, partial paralysis of the entire left side of his body.

"Don't panic, Lord Potter!" the medi-wizard said cheerfully. "You bled
into your brain quite a bit, so a little nerve damage is to be expected.
Not to worry. Mediwizardry has made great leaps in neurological potions
and therapies. Physical paralysis is the easiest thing to treat. I am
more concerned about your amnesia. Amnesia as the result of physical
trauma isn't something we have a firm grasp on yet. It may be that
you'll never remember what happened."

Harry couldn't say that he particularly *wanted* to remember what
happen. If he had fallen down a flight of stairs it was probably
embarrassing. On the other hand, their reluctance to discuss the
circumstances made him suspect something more than his own clumsiness
had been at work at the time. Perhaps something to account for Lucius'
generosity in offering him this room and what was probably his private
physician?

A spectacularly painful throbbing in his head derailed any further
thoughts on it or attempts to gain answers. He closed his eyes and
rested listlessly as the medi-wizard scratched notes onto his clipboard
and then rummaged through his medical bag for something or other. Ira
had not released his hand, although he could barely feel it, and he
tried to squeeze it back with no better results. It remained stubbornly
unresponsive.

"Ah, I think this will do it!" Pappanoski said enthusiastically,
scuttling back to his bedside.

Harry, enjoying consciousness less and less, forced himself to open an
eye to look at him. The medi-wizard was holding three vials in one hand
and two vials in the other. One of them was a rather unsavory shade of
brown. The invalid young wizard groaned.

Despite his lack of enthusiasm and the five new flavors Harry would have
happily gone his whole life never knowing, the potions did their job
well. His nausea went away and his headache dulled to something
tolerable. His left arm and leg began to tingle with pins and needles,
but Pappanoski explained he would need more doses every six hours over
the next two or three days before he was up to his full strength.

With most of his discomfort in retreat, Harry took considerably more
interest in his circumstances and how he came to be there in the first
place. He asked his healer and Ira once again what had happened, but
they evaded his inquiries clumsily but effectively.

"If you won't tell me, then take me to someone who will," he demanded
testily, then caught himself. "Please."

He was more than a little surprised when they did as he said. He was
wrapped in a hooded green bathrobe and loaded into a wheelchair. The
wheelchair was self-propelled, but Nurse Peele made a show of pushing
him along while Ira and Pappanoski led the way. Out in the hall, which
Harry identified as the south wing, he was glad for the extra layer. The
hall was strangely cold and his breath misted in the air. The squeak of
his wheelchair as it rolled along echoed loudly and seemingly into
forever.

Where was everyone? Where was Hermione? She would have been nearby if
she were able. Did that mean she had also been hurt? Or perhaps someone
else in her foster family required her attention?

His concern for his absent friend increased as they crossed into the
north wing of the manor, passing the main entryway as they went and a
truly alarming amount of destruction therein. House elves were scurrying
about collecting water-soaked tapestries, removing damaged woodwork and
chipped marble, collecting bits of debris which included everything from
broken bits of a now absent chandelier to a shoe.

"What happened here? Were we attacked? Is Hermione alright?"

"I'm sure Hermione is just fine, Harry," Ira tried to assure him.

"You're 'sure'? You mean you don't know? Where is she?"

"That is something we were hoping to ask you."

Harry turned to see Snape standing in the doorway of the parlor. He
moved out of the way to allow the wheelchair through but tugged down
Harry's hood rather rudely as the boy went past. The Gryffindor flushed
with embarrassment at his exposed scalp and slapped his guardian's
probing fingers away with his good hand.

"Do you mind?" he snapped, pulling his hood back up.

"You have another scar," Snape stated.

"Yes. What does it look like?"

"Ugly and unremarkable."

Unremarkable was good. He had too many semi-mystical scars as it was.

He looked around the room. Draco was there, sitting next to Lady Malfoy,
looking down at his hand and twisting a ring around his finger
distractedly. There was also someone he had never seen before. He was a
tall, slender man in his late forties with neatly trimmed mutton chops.
He wore a gray suit, a black robe and bowler, and a silver badge that
identified him as some sort of law enforcement. Harry noted two rather
obvious absences. Lucius wasn't there, for which he was thankful.
Neither was Hermione, for which he was not.

Where was she?

The stranger turned towards him the moment he entered the room, and a
few long strides forward brought him directly in front of Harry. He
removed his hat and offered his hand.

"Sentinel-Inquisitor Amelon, it's an honor to meet you," he said
quickly, shaking Harry's hand. "I thank you for coming to speak with me
so quickly. I was given to understanding that you might not be up to it
today. I would say you surprised us, but it seems I am the only one not
acquainted well enough with you to be caught off-guard by this minor
miracle."

All of this was spoken rapidly and was accompanied by an even more rapid
shifting of the man's eyes as he took in every detail of Harry's
appearance, that of his caregivers, everyone in the room, the clock by
the door, the tea tray, and the sulky little house elf stoking the fire
in the mantle. His entire demeanor was one of constant motion and rapid
thought. Harry felt tired just looking at him.

"Nice to meet you. Now where is Hermione?"

"An excellent question. Apparently, you were the last person to see her.
At least, the last person alive."

"She's missing? Wait... someone died?"

"General Malfoy and Lord Crouch to be precise."

Harry's heart leaped into his throat. Lucius Malfoy was dead? Hermione
was missing? But... that... *how?* He looked around the room, searching
for answers, but he wasn't a legilimens and the eyes that looked back at
him held no answers. The beginnings of a panic attack were creeping
their way into his awareness, starting with a sudden difficulty in
breathing.

"Please say no more!" Healer Pappanoski pleaded. "Lord Potter is
suffering from a form of acute amnesia regarding the events surrounding
the injury. A very common occurrence with head trauma cases. He cannot
be considered a witness. I am taking him back to bed to rest. I should
never have brought him down!"

The wheelchair began to roll backwards, and Harry flung his good arm out
to catch door jamb to make it stop, nearly pulling himself onto the
floor.

"Wait! No, you *can't* do that. You can't just... you can't just tell me
something like that and not explain! What the hell happened last night?"

He was shouting by now, and his struggling had made his partial
paralysis obvious. If he didn't feel like he was going to die from
unsubstantiated terror, he would have been mortified. Pappanoski was
starting to panic himself and was searching his pockets for his wand or
possibly a sedative while Nurse Peele pushed him back into the room so
that she could re-settle him securely back into his chair. Ira looked
ready to rush in to help, but Snape held her back. Amelon's eyes were
the only part of him that moved, and they were turning round and round
the room.

"Dammit! Dammit, dammit, *dammit!* Just tell me!"

"Harry."

Draco's voice was a whisper. So soft it should have been missed
entirely, but Harry heard it so clearly he almost thought it magic.

"Calm down. Please."

Harry stopped struggling, allowing himself to collapse back into his
chair. Panic was suddenly overwhelmed by guilt. Draco. Goddess above,
that ring on Draco's hand was his *father's*.

"Draco... I'm so sorry."

And he was. His feelings towards Lucius often skirted the edge of
absolute loathing, but Draco, his proud, boastful, shameless friend, had
loved his father. And now that father was dead, and Draco was the heir
of a vast and perilous kingdom.

Draco continued as if he had not heard him, never looking up from his
ring.

"I've already told the inquisitor what I know. You had found out Lucius
knew about the emancipation attempt. We hadn't had time to withdraw it,
did we? We were worried how father would react. Does any of this sound
familiar?"

"No, I'm sorry."

"You told Hermione that you wanted her to leave the manor. You said you
knew a safe place to hide. You never told me where it was."

Harry felt himself relax a little. They were looking for Hermione. That
meant she was okay. She had left before anything had happened. He tried
to recall where he would have sent her. Draco continued.

"Father confronted you. I wasn't there. Mrs. Snape and Lt. Stratus said
you had an argument and things got physical. You drew blood. The manor's
wards activated, and you were tripped down the stairs. You were hurt
pretty badly."

'Hurt pretty badly' was a rather feeble description of what had happened
to him, but Harry wasn't going to call him on it.

"Crouch... went crazy or something. He used the Killing Curse on father.
Naturally, the house killed him after that."

There were some major holes in the story. Crouch's 'or something' meant
no one was really sure what happened, not even Ira and Reggy both of
whom had apparently been there. He looked to Ira, but she had her head
buried in Snape's shoulder, the memory of what happened still too
intense even with Draco's lackluster delivery. He looked to Snape, who
looked back with tired, unreadable eyes but no answers.

Amelon cleared his throat, taking over the story-telling from there.

"Yes, well, that's the gist of it. Miss Granger hasn't turned up. She
probably hasn't heard what happened yet. Do you think you know where you
might have sent her?"

Harry looked to Draco, but when he received no response he assumed that
meant it was okay to answer honestly.

"London, I think. There are a lot of places to hide there. Fred and
George would have found a place for her if she couldn't find one
herself."

Narcissa sprung to her feet and rushed towards him, her wand drawn.
Harry jumped in surprise, but Snape jumped straight into her path,
blocking her and her wand. But he couldn't block her words, which she
was hissing out in a savage rage.

"You little mudblood piece of shit! This is *your* fault! You were
always planning to destroy my husband. First you turned my Hermione
against him, then the Dark Lord. You planned for this to happen! This is
all your fault!"

"Mother!" Draco shouted, finally shaken from his apathy. He scrambled to
his feet to stop her, but Snape had already grabbed her wrists, keeping
her from aiming her wand or her clawed fingernails as she struggled
against him.

"*Somnibus,*" Amelon said, flicking his wand with all the flare of
turning off a light switch. Narcissa collapsed into Snape's arms.
Everyone looked at the inquisitor, startled. "Poor woman, she's
obviously overtired. It's been a long, terrible night. Headmaster, Lord
Malfoy, perhaps you should see the lady to her room? I'm sure when she
wakes up in a few hours she'll be much calmer. There you go."

Nurse Peele quickly moved Harry out of the way to allow Snape to carry
the woman away while Draco followed nervously behind. Harry felt a pang
of guilt as Draco turned to offer him an apologetic shrug. It wasn't
right. Draco didn't owe him anything. Narcissa... Harry couldn't say she
was *right,* but she wasn't being *unreasonable* under the
circumstances. Her husband had just been murdered, for Merlin's sake,
and her foster daughter was missing. She was entitled to a little
hysteria.

"Was that entirely necessary?" Ira demanded indignantly from the other
side of the room.

"It was as good an excuse as any to send her to bed. Now young Lord
Draco will have the opportunity to rest as well. They will need their
rest for the coming days. As will Mr. Potter."

Harry studied the inquisitor closely, trying to understand how much of
what he had done was sadism and how much altruism. He couldn't say the
man's expression was kind precisely, but there was a knowing look that
would have been called sympathetic on anyone else. He wasn't sure what
to call it on this man.

"Yes, yes, absolutely!" Pappanoski chimed in, spurred by the other man.
"I shouldn't have brought him down into all of this. He cannot help you,
and the stress is not good for him."

He gave Amelon an accusing look, but the inquisitor just smiled a bit.

"No help? I wouldn't say that. I know to have my men start looking for
Miss Granger in London. That's a big help right there. But I know what
you're saying. Good day, Lord Potter. It was an *interesting* first
meeting."

The inquisitor disappeared with the same hurry and abruptness he had
displayed during their brief interview, and Harry was left staring after
him unsure of what to make of him. Ira, however, shared none of his
uncertainty.

"I do not like that man."

Snape slipped back into the room, having already deposited Narcissa with
the house elves.

"A man of his profession cannot concern himself with social niceties,"
Snape said neutrally.

"Maybe not, but he doesn't have to *enjoy* everyone else's misery
either."

"I doubt it's the misery he enjoys. It's the drama. He has something of
a reputation for being a theater enthusiast."

"Hmph."

Harry didn't get to hear what else they said. Nurse Peele and Pappanoski
were already taking him back to his room. He hoped it was to rest. The
headache was returning and he longed for the shallow oblivion of sleep.

Maybe when he woke up, Hermione would be back.

* * * * *

Skeeter entered the Daily Prophet Headquarters like a queen overseeing
her court. The clickity-clack of her high heels was her drumroll and
trumpet, her black and purple plaid robes and matching feathered cap
were her banners, and the trail of envious and terrified news staff that
followed her every move was her unwilling entourage. Let them love her.
Let them loathe her. They could not turn her away.

The newsroom was busier than usual, she noted. Not surprising. The
'fluff' articles that padded the paper leading up to Christmas were
done, and the staff had to scurry to find real news. Well, she had a
little something that might just brighten their day. She headed straight
for the editor's office, ignoring the secretary who trembled in her
chair at Skeeter's passing. Without knocking, she entered.

"What now, Skeeter?"

Humphrey Penney glared up at her from his desk with bitter resignation.
She couldn't help but grin. She and Humphrey had something of a
love-hate relationship. He absolutely hated her, and she loved that he
did. They had known each other pretty much from the moment she had first
entered the business, when she had brought him her request for a job,
and he had promptly escorted her out with a laugh and pinch to the
behind. By the end of the year, she was a freelance and he was eating
his hat when he found himself forever stuck in a bidding war with
Wizarding Weekly and The Quibbler for her articles.

Whenever she thought he might be forgetting his epic blunder, she
pinched his cheek teasingly to remind him and it was back to loathing as
usual.

"Oh Humphrey, did someone leave coal in your stocking this year? Perhaps
I can cheer you up."

"Cut the crap, Skeeter. You have anything on the Malfoy Massacre or
not?"

The only sign she had been thrown by the question was a sudden blink,
which she quickly covered by grinning even wider.

"I think I might," she said teasingly, fishing for more. "But then
again, maybe one of your own reporters beat me to it."

It was a bad joke between them. She had been running circles around the
rest of Penney's reporters for years now and wasn't slowing down any
time soon. He sneered at her in response, but knew better than to try
and defend them.

"Can you at least confirm Potter is dead?"

This time she couldn't hide her startled expression, and Penney suddenly
went red.

"You cheeky minx! You didn't even know about it, did you?"

She didn't even bother to pretend to be apologetic. Honestly, she
couldn't be bothered to do much more than try to wrap her mind around
what she had just been told. Harold James Potter was dead? But... she
had just seen him last night! Just before...oh. *Oh!* How could she have
been so stupid? She had left to babysit the Granger girl while Harry
went alone to face off with Lucius Malfoy, and she hadn't stopped to
think that something like this might happen?

"I should have known Lucius was going to lose it," she said, mostly to
herself. "He's been a loose cannon for weeks."

Penney gaped in surprise.

"How did you know Lucius attacked Potter?"

"Oh, I know more than that. I might not have seen the fight, but I know
what it was about."

"How... when... HOW?"

"Darling, you should know better than to ask."

She sighed. So Harry was dead. That was... too bad. She had liked him.
He was absolutely crazy in the most wonderful way. She had wanted to
take him and his secrets to pieces, expose all the broken, glittering
shards of his life to the light for all to see, and see how many times
he would cut her in the process. It would have been fun. A lifelong
adventure of goading and manipulating and trading favors.

But there was no use crying over spilled potions.

Harry had a short but good go. His had been a remarkable life, and she
was just the girl to make sure everyone knew exactly how remarkable it
had been. She took a deep breath.

"Well, that's it then. I'll write his obituary."

Penney looked ready to hurl his chair at her.

"Who asked you?"

"I should have the initial article in by tomorrow evening. I'm assuming
there hasn't been an official release yet? Can't publish anything until
they give confirmation, but that will give me the time I need to put
everything together. We'll make a week long run of it. I couldn't fit it
all in one article, even if it took half the bloody paper."

"Now look here, Skeeter! There's more than just Potter we need to worry
about! Lucius Malfoy is dead! So is Bartemius Crouch! And who knows who
else was killed or maimed!"

She felt a shiver run up her spine at the mention of multiple deaths. It
left her feeling light-headed and giddy.

"*No!* Malfoy? Really?"

Probably killed by the Dark Lord in a rage over Harry, or maybe Harry
and Lucius killed each other? But then how had Crouch died? And what was
this about others getting hurt? Her head was spinning with
possibilities. Harry and his obituary were still prominent in her
thoughts, but if she could weave it in with this latest tale of intrigue
and woe then she would be very pleased indeed.

Oh, how she wished she hadn't let Harry bully her into leaving. If she
had stayed, she could have seen it all for herself. The only member of
the press there to witness it! She could have spent her night writing up
her articles and then roll them up in order to beat Penney around the
office with them in the morning. But no, she had been roped into leading
a frantic teenager through London and ruined a perfectly good pair of
shoes in the process.

If Harry weren't already dead, she might have killed him herself for
that.

If Skeeter had any consolation it was that she was the only person in
the world who knew that Hermione Granger was staying in a dingy little
hotel on the east end of Wizarding London, and she would get to be there
to witness the no doubt fantastic reaction to the news that her best
friend and doomed love interest was dead.

And it was entirely her fault.

* * * * *

Voldemort had been at his office for thirty-six hours straight before he
took his first break. And by break, he meant he took every letter, form,
token, card, and parchment that did not warrant his response or
consideration to the dueling hall and proceeded to set it all on fire.
It did little to ease his temper or frustration, but setting fire to the
innumerable aides and secretaries he had acquisitioned from various
departments to help sort out said useless items would not have improved
his situation any. Sixteen hours and he was already swimming in folders
stamped 'top-secret' and mail marked 'urgent' and a parade of government
officials who never seemed to have any answers but always plenty of
questions.

He still hadn't figured out who he was going to replace Lucius and
Bartemius with.

Tomorrow morning he would make an announcement to the press, at which
point he was going to have to name someone. The public and their enemies
could not know the true state of crisis they were in right now. They
would undoubtedly *suspect*, but they could never *know.* Voldemort
wasn't overly concerned about the reaction of the citizenry. Malfoy was
a well-respected but not particularly well-liked commander, and Crouch
had intentionally been left largely unknown to the public, so there
would be very little outcry. The major concern was that they would lose
confidence in their military campaign in Germany while matters at home
were obviously so chaotic and begin withdrawing their support and even
actively calling for the abandonment of the war. The Germans, of course,
would take advantage of the chaos, redouble their efforts, gather more
followers, and push the Dark Lord's people out of the country, and it
would be years before he could find another excuse to try again, and
then they would be ready for him.

So now he was stuck trying to find replacements, if only in name, and
then figure out who and how the roles of his two most devious minions
would be occupied. Morgan would be the likeliest candidate to fill
Crouch's role. He had a reputation for being stolid and unshakeable, and
he played the political game by refusing to play it. He made his rivals
nervous, but his underlings were quick to trust him, to give him their
all because they knew he was willing to do the same. However, he was
reluctant to hand over these new responsibilities to a man who had been
working diligently towards his own retirement, setting up an office that
would not crumble the moment he walked out the door, a slew of
competent, ready replacements scattered through the national security
court division. Perhaps if he consolidated the offices of National
Security and Foreign Intelligence into one? Morgan had complained
frequently of Crouch's interference into matters that were clearly
domestic.

It wouldn't make the job easier, but placing Foreign Intelligence under
the jurisdiction of another department would certainly simplify matters
of authority, and Morgan could reshuffle the new staff and assign
trusted officials as he saw fit. It would also give Morgan the
opportunity to assign some of those potential replacements to supervise
a division and test their mettle. Foreign Intelligence officers were
notoriously difficult to deal with.

He would discuss it with Morgan later.

"My Lord."

Or perhaps sooner.

Voldemort turned from the pile of smoldering ash to the man striding
into the hall. He looked awful. As unceasingly as Voldemort had been
working, so too had Morgan, but unlike his master, the wizard was not
gifted with near-immortality or dispensation from sleep. He was pale
with blood-shot eyes and had neither changed nor shaved. Voldemort
wished he could reward his efforts with rest and the comfort of his own
home, but the time for rewards would have to wait just a bit longer.

"What have you to tell me?" he asked instead. "How are things at the
Court of Foreign Intelligence?"

Morgan's bland expression didn't change, but there was a definite
souring in his mood.

"'Intelligence' should not be used in their name in any way."

"Are they giving you a hard time? Do you need me to go down there and
kill someone?"

"Killing them wouldn't solve anything. No one knows anything. Crouch
kept everyone on a need-to-know basis which meant no one knew what the
hell they were doing except Crouch, and everyone was too scared to try
and figure it out. I've got every curse-breaker I can get my hands on
tearing down the wards in his office, but it'll be weeks before they can
clear everything, and there's no telling what's going to get destroyed
in the process."

Voldemort told him of his intention of integrating Crouch's people with
National Security.

"In that case, they're all fired," Morgan said without missing a beat.

Despite his rotten mood, Voldemort couldn't help but smile a bit at
that. It seemed his taciturn friend had finally developed a pet peeve.

"I leave it to your discretion. I'll send out the necessary paperwork
with you, but there won't be a formal announcement until tomorrow
morning."

"Have you decided what you are going to do with the General's position?"

"I was thinking Lestrange."

"..."

"I know it's not ideal, but she'll be primarily a figurehead. I had
intended to take on greater control at this stage of the invasion
anyway. I will position some other political factions higher up the
chain to act as moderators."

Like Morgan, Lestrange was unquestionably loyal and a dedicated worker,
but, unlike Morgan, no one liked her or trusted her entirely, regardless
of rank or intentions. Morgan's political position had been attained
through his complete unbiased, whereas Lestrange was unbias against
everyone in seemingly equal measure. She was unlikely to unbalance the
various competing political factions within the military intentionally,
having no real faction of her own, but that didn't mean she might not
accidentally tip the scales and unbalance the uneasy harmony Lucius had
established during his tenure. A few minders here and there, in addition
to his own supervision, would help reduce that possibility.

That matter settled, there was one more he wished to discuss before he
was once again shackled to his desk and bureaucratic drudgery.

"Any word on Harry, yet?"

"Potter woke up about an hour ago. He'll be a complete mess for the next
two or three days but should make a full recovery. He doesn't remember
what happened."

Voldemort let out a sigh, but whether it was one of frustration or
relief, he wasn't certain. He had left Harry at Malfoy Manor in stable
condition, but with no way of knowing when or if he would wake up and
what state he would be in when he did. The medi-wizard had been
cautiously optimistic. He had said Harry had some of the strongest
self-protecting magic he had seen in years, and if it hadn't been so low
at the time of the accident, he suspected the boy would have walked away
from it relatively unharmed. It spoke well of the possibility of
recovery, but also reminded Voldemort rather harshly that his own
recklessness had left his protégé vulnerable.

He should have merely left the boy at home that night.

Then he wouldn't have been hurt. Then, neither would Lucius and
Bartemius. And he still didn't understand what had happened there, and
now that Harry had seemingly forgotten the matter he might never know.

"That is unfortunate. Has Inquisitor Amelon's investigation made any
progress?"

"He currently has several theories, but none he's willing to share just
yet. He's certainly been asking some interesting questions."

"Does he think something aside from the obvious was going on?"

"Don't you?"

"I've known both Bartemius and Lucius for a long time. I can see Lucius
losing his temper, but Bartemius' reaction was completely out of
character. I don't know how I am going to explain this to the public.
It's so ridiculously stupid of both them, and I can't afford to let my
administration look foolish at this time. They are relying on us to look
after their best interests in a time of war. Their current acquiescence
can only be maintained by their confidence in our judgment."

"You want to find someone to blame this on?"

It was almost redundant of Morgan to ask. It was standard operating
procedure to find a scapegoat when an upper echelon bungled something
unforgivably. Then, after the scapegoat had garnered the necessary
negative attention, Voldemort would go on to punish the responsible
parties appropriately. It wasn't a perfect justice, but it worked.

"I was thinking Stratus. He's already under suspicion, isn't he?"

"Amelon didn't say. Did he have a motive?"

"Who knows? It would be easy enough to generate something. A war hero
turned resentful after being assigned the inglorious and undistinguished
position of secretary to a wizard known for his arrogance and temper. It
wouldn't be much of a stretch to make it believable. Perhaps he can be a
spy under polyjuice? He was in Germany after all. It wouldn't be too
amazing for Dumbledore to arrange a bait-and-switch."

This was all ridiculous, of course, but the public loved ridiculous
stories like that. Harry's immense popularity hinged on them. It was
irrelevant that in Harry's case, they were mostly true.

"It'll make a lot of people nervous to think someone in his position was
reporting to the enemy."

"True. It might also stir some passion back into the game. Assassination
on this magnitude will infuriate just as many."

"It's your decision."

"Have you seen Narcissa? If I can get her to speak out on the matter, it
would have greater effect. Grieving widows and all."

"I think a grieving son will work better. He's taking it all a lot
better than she is at the moment. Could be the shock though."

"Good idea. Miss Granger too. Her tearful statements will appeal to the
lower classes more than a pureblood's will."

"She's still missing."

"No one's found her yet?"

"Amelon sent some people to London to look for her. He's not certain
they'll find her, though."

Voldemort wondered at that. Why would Granger run away to London? For
that matter, why had she run away at all? After leaving Harry to recover
at Malfoy Manor, he hadn't lingered to ask questions. There was so much
that needed to be done, the 'why?' hadn't mattered so much as the 'what
now?'. It was suspicious, whatever the reason. London wasn't a place
people would automatically run away to nowadays. It was still mostly a
war-demolished heap of rubble in most places, and not the ideal place to
go for someone unfamiliar with the area. That suggested she had planned
her escape in advance, but why?

He felt a sudden wave of suspicion, and it suddenly occurred to him that
perhaps Stratus was not the most ideal scapegoat after all.

* * * * *

"Please excuse the mess, good sir," the house elf begged softly as she
led Robert through the front hall, the area clear of debris but still
bearing the scars of the battle that had occurred there. "We is not
quite done with repairs. It is a disgrace to Master, but there is so
much to do. Poor Master."

The little elf, who had clearly been crying previously, burst out into
several retching sobs. Robert fidgeted nervously as he followed behind
her. He wasn't terribly comfortable with house elves. He was never
certain how he was supposed to treat them and they were always so
emotionally unstable. Did he try to offer her comfort? Did he scold her
emotionalism? Praise her loyalty? Was it even his place as a mere
visitor to offer any of these things?

"Uh... think nothing of it. It's quite understandable... under the
circumstances," he tried. The elf started wailing.

Robert sighed. It wasn't like it mattered anyway. He had received a
summons that morning from Malfoy Manor informing him of the
circumstances of Lord Malfoy's passing the night before and with a
request to bring all the files pertaining to business dealings he had
had with the recently deceased with him. It could only mean that
Malfoy's heir, Lord Draco Malfoy, wasn't wasting any time consolidating
his father's affairs, and Robert was very shortly going to find himself
out of a job.

This was unfortunate for a number of reasons, although none of them
relating to any remorse over the loss of his former employer's company.
Lucius Malfoy had been a right bastard, but at least he had paid well
and on time.

The elf's wailing gradually waned into some rather ridiculous sniffling
as she led him towards the study. Chairs had been placed just outside,
and in them were perched about half a dozen witches and wizards in
professional business robes. Some chairs were empty, suggesting there
had been others there previously. Some of those present were clearly
lawyers like Robert himself, judging by their attaché cases, which meant
the rest were probably financial advisers and investors.

No one spoke to another. No one there was an acquaintance or associate.
At best, they were uninterested third parties, at worst, bitter rivals
for those positions the new Lord Malfoy saw fit to retain. Robert had
already resigned himself to the fact that he could not even consider
himself competition. Everyone there was clearly the top in their
profession. Their suits alone could have paid a half a year's mortgage
on his London flat and the condescending sneer from those who deigned to
look at him could only have been acquired through years of ruthless
self-advancement. He had only gained his current position as a means to
harass a mutual acquaintance of the late Lord's by the name of Harry
Potter.

So he waited as patiently as he could for the inevitable, trying to plan
what his next move would be. He was out of clients, his previous ones
having settled their affairs (although not their bills) and while his
financial circumstances would hold for another month or two, he would
need to find work again soon. Perhaps Harry was in need of a lawyer? He
was nearing the age of majority soon, which meant he might be coming
into the inheritance his parents left him, and he would need
professional help when that happened. Maybe he could get another job?
Manage an office or a factory somewhere? Kyle would prefer the more
regular hours.

While he pondered this, the lawyers and investors and who knew what else
filed into the office in varying degrees of confidence and left either
furious, smug, or horrified, until only Robert was left. After nearly an
hour and a half of waiting, he was finally given his turn.

As he entered the office, the first thing he noticed was that Draco
Malfoy was the only other person in the room. He looked around
curiously, expecting to see Lady Malfoy or perhaps the godfather, the
notorious Headmaster Snape, or some other relative. No one. They were
alone.

"Please have a seat, Mr. Reicher," the young lord said, gesturing
towards the chair set across from him. The second thing Robert noticed
was that Draco Malfoy was a lot younger than he had previously thought.
He had never met the boy in person, but in his mind he had assumed him
to be in college, but he clearly couldn't have been much older than
Harry. His father's massive desk dwarfed the young wizard, making his
slender form seem that much smaller, while the tired, haunted look in
his eyes made him look frail. Those gray eyes were shadowed by an
intense grief, but they were not red. He had not cried, but clearly he
had wanted to.

For the first time since he had arrived, Robert considered the
possibility that the death of Lucius Malfoy might mean more than a
simple inconvenience to himself.

"Lord Malfoy," Robert greeted somewhat belatedly. "Is Lady Malfoy not
going to be joining us?"

An irritated expression crossed the boy's face, but it quickly smoothed
into neutrality.

"My mother was in attendance earlier, but she has since retired to rest.
Neither of us believe that her supervision at this point is necessary."

"Forgive my impertinence, sir, but you appear to have need of some rest
yourself."

The irritated expression returned, but this time Lord Malfoy didn't
bother to hide it.

"You are impertinent, indeed, Mr. Reicher, but since it appears to be
the first sincere thing anyone has said to me all morning, I shall let
it slide. You are my last appointment for the day, and the sooner we
complete our business the sooner I might do precisely as you suggest.
You are, of course, aware of my father's passing?"

"Of course."

"Are you aware of the circumstances?"

"I... not really. Some sort of... accident?"

"Murder, Mr. Reicher. My father was murdered."

"...Yes."

"No condolences?" the young lord asked with a touch of bitterness.

"It would sound insincere."

"Sound insincere or be insincere?"

"What would you have me say? Your father was a great man... but he was
not a good man."

Robert mentally kicked himself. He had not meant to say that out loud,
particularly not to Draco Malfoy. While he had a bone or two to pick
with Malfoy Sr., it was cruel to denounce his character so bluntly to
his only child. Cruel and unprofessional and potentially dangerous. He
usually knew better than to poke at the wounds of grieving relatives.

But the young lord did not fly into a rage or break down into tears. He
simply regarded him expressionlessly until his scrutiny became
distinctly awkward. It was only then that Robert recognized a bit of the
former lord in his son. Despite the boy's seeming frailty in his
father's chair, there was steel in his eyes.

"What projects were you working on with my father?"

It was not the question Robert thought he wanted to ask, but he could be
nothing but relieved about it. Business was a subject he was comfortable
with, and this was something he had come into the room prepared to
discuss. He opened his attaché case and pulled out the necessary files.

"I worked three cases for your father, but two of them he withdrew
before their completion. Amongst them was the lawsuit against Bartemius
Crouch, which was shortly afterward withdrawn as a stipulation of your
foster sister's betrothal, and also a contract I wrote up on your
father's behalf."

Malfoy's expression became stricken, and Robert mentally cursed. He was
really bungling things today. The boy had been fond of Miss Granger.
Lucius had lamented this fact quite frequently in his company. It seemed
that he had kept the specifics of her betrothal a secret from his son,
which must have made his announcement quite a shock.

"My father arranged for my sister to get married by blackmailing Crouch
with a lawsuit?"

Robert swallowed thickly.

"Ah... yes, he did. Then he called off the betrothal."

"I know that!" young wizard snapped, hurling himself away from his desk
so that he could stand and pace. "I helped call it off!"

Oh. Wait...what?

"So... you probably know about the second betrothal?"

The boy froze mid-step. Apparently he *hadn't* known.

"Your father had arranged for me to write a new betrothal contract with
Lt. Reginald Stratus. If it's any consolation, I don't think there was
any coercion involved."

Malfoy unfroze one limb at time, and Robert watched in fascination as
the boy seemed to melt in mid-stance and pour himself back into his
chair. He leaned to one side, his head resting in one hand while the
other rubbed his temple. He did this for a few moments, his expression
hidden behind his hands, and then startled Robert once again by
chuckling softly. Soon the chuckles turned to laughter and from there
into hysterics, arms clutching at his sides and tears pouring down his
face. The elder wizard sat frozen, but not overly concerned. It was
hardly the first time he had seen grieved relatives behave as such after
they had received an unexpected shock.

"Oh," Malfoy laughed, "Oh god, he really... he really was a bastard,
wasn't he? I...I didn't... I didn't understand how... how she could hate
him so much... but... I get it... I get it now."

As Robert knew it would, the laughter faded away, leaving the boy
looking even more exhausted and frail than before. He didn't speak,
didn't push or attempt to offer comfort. He simply waited until the
other had the time to collect himself. Malfoy eventually did, staring
off into some unseen distance for several minutes,before his gaze slid
back to the lawyer.

"He couldn't stand the thought of her winning," the boy explained.
"Making her miserable was a game to him. She *literally* had to fight
him for even the possibility of happiness."

Robert nodded.

"You're not surprised?" Malfoy asked, a touch of resentment in his
voice. "Did he seem like such an awful person when you worked for him?
If he did, why did you help him? Surely you knew what he was doing."

"I did not 'help' your father. I worked for him. And you're right. I did
know what he was doing. I hated what he was doing, but... I have a
family of my own I need to take care of. A family in a rather desperate
situation when your father came knocking on my door. He had to have
known my situation. He knew and took advantage of it."

"Why bother? No offense, but you're hardly... He could have done
better."

"I'm not sure how I could not take offense to that, but I'll try. To put
it simply, he wanted to use me against Harry Potter."

"Harry? What does... oh. *You're* his lawyer friend. The one with the
little girls."

Robert was startled. Harry had talked about him to others. Harry had
talked about his little girls as people worth mentioning. He felt
strangely grateful for the consideration.

"Yes. I know Miss Granger is his good friend. I assume you are also
acquainted with him?"

"I suppose you could say he's a friend of mine too."

Draco seemed a bit uncertain when he said this, almost guilty. Robert
didn't know the entire situation, but he knew Lucius and Harry had been
bitter enemies even as Hermione and Harry had been the best of friends.
It probably wasn't surprising the young Lord was feeling a bit ambiguous
about their relationship at the moment. He continued before Draco became
distracted by this revelation.

"Your father had many admirable qualities, Lord Malfoy. He could not
have achieved his position and influence otherwise. Unfortunately,
during my service to him, I was not made privy to any of them. I
respected your father, but I never liked him. However, I am genuinely
sorry that you have lost your father. I am especially sorry that you
will have to face these trying times without his guidance."

Robert waited tensely for the other's response. It was beyond
presumptuous for him to criticize Lucius Malfoy to his son so soon after
his death, and he wouldn't be the least bit surprised or unsympathetic
if he was tossed out of the house on his tail with a curse or two for
good measure. On the other hand, his answer had been honest. For
whatever that was worth.

What it was worth, apparently, was tears. Draco Malfoy's expression
didn't change at first as his eyes welled up with tears and overflowed,
racing down over his cheeks and along his chin until they fell in fat
droplets onto his hand and the documents beneath it. His expression was
so extraordinarily blank that he may as well have been standing under a
leaky faucet rather crying. To Robert's growing horror, even this
stubborn stoicism began to break down, and the fatherless child slowly
broke down into a mask of pained anguish and shaking limbs.

"Merlin..." Draco grit out, quickly losing control over his voice along
with everything else. "Why... *shit*."

"I'm sorry," Robert said quickly, not entirely sure what he was
apologizing for. It didn't really matter. The boy had been at the
tipping point, and it could have been anything that pushed him over. He
had seen it enough times to know.

"Oh, shut up, you didn't- *hic*- you didn't- *hic*God, now I've
hiccups!"

And that caused the boy to break out laughing, the absurdity and the
stress bubbling out with the tears into a hysterical fit. The lawyer let
him have it out and tried not to squirm. Grief was a strange, ugly
creature, but it was natural. There was no point in being afraid of it.

"Would you like some water?" he asked.

This only caused more laughter and more tears.

It couldn't last forever. Minutes later- ten? Twenty? One hundred?- and
the tears gradually stopped and laughter subsided, and the afflicted
wizard sagged into his chair, completely exhausted.

"I don't know what I'm doing," he sighed, looking terribly young. "I
don't know what to do next. I'm not technically a legal adult so I can't
get anything done through the court offices without my mother's consent,
but our bloodline property only acknowledges me as the rightful lord.
Did you know she was locked out of her own bedroom? The doors wouldn't
open to the Master suite until I forced them too. They still tend to
stick for her. As if things weren't bad enough, she has to deal with the
house rejecting her too."

Robert nodded at this. While he had never worked with anyone with
property quite as old or extensive as the Malfoys', he seen more than
one client struggle with shift in power and position within a magical
home caused by the death of a family member. A death within the
immediate family was always hard, but the home's persistent adherence to
the new order of things made it doubly harsh to deal with.

"And it's only a matter of time before everyone else finds out about
what happened. The press is going to turn this into a circus, my cousins
are going to be scrambling to dig their claws into the family coffers,
my father's enemies will malign our family's name and take advantage
wherever they can, while a sea of sympathetic *friends* and admirers
will be trying to weasel their way into my good graces. Oh, and did I
mention my sister is missing? Who do I trust, Mr. Reicher? Where do I
start?"

The questions were likely rhetorical, but Robert took a moment to think
them over just the same. Draco Malfoy needed help, and for whatever
reason, he had asked Robert for it, even if he wasn't truly expecting
it. He felt strangely compelled to do just that, despite the fact that
he didn't think he would ever return to this place or see the young heir
again.

"Lord Malfoy," he said after a moment, "I don't know if you know this,
but my specialty is in both civil suits *and* inheritance law. I've
worked with many families adjusting to the loss of a parent or both
parents, many of whom felt as you do now. Overwhelmed, unprepared,
grieving, angry, and... exhausted. I hope you will consider this past
experience before dismissing my suggestions out of hand."

The young wizard eyed him warily, but said nothing.

"To your first concern regarding Lady Granger, I would recommend as
little thought to be given to it as possible. Assuming she was not
kidnapped, she will more than likely return on her own. You express a
genuine concern for her, and I can only assume it is reciprocal. She
will return, if not to honor your late father, then to comfort her
grieving brother.

"In regards to whom you should trust... I would recommend trusting those
who were close to you and to your father prior to his death. Your
mother, obviously, your sister, any friends or relatives who have earned
your confidence. Your godparents, perhaps? Then your father's closest
associates; those he entrusted to both personal and highly sensitive
work. I am not overly familiar with his business, but I believe Lt.
Stratus would be a good start."

"Lt. Stratus? The man... the *second* man my father tried to sell my
sister to?"

"I know it might be difficult to see past that, but there's nothing to
suggest that Lt. Stratus' intentions were anything less than honorable.
He expressed a desire for Lady Granger to not only complete her
Hogwarts' education but also a university career. He must have held a
genuine respect for her, if not affection. Additionally, as your
father's personal aide he would probably know more about your father's
dealings than anyone else and was trusted to keep them to himself.

"And to your third concern, it is my personal recommendation that you
prepare yourself to sacrifice the empire your father built."

The boy stiffened noticeably.

"You haven't the connections, experience, or position to maintain it as
you are now. The best you can hope to do is consolidate the wealth and
inheritable titles your father managed to acquire throughout his career,
ruffle as few feathers as you can along the way, and then bide your time
to rebuild again as you are able."

"And if I don't?"

"Romans, Lord Malfoy. They sacrificed everything to try to keep what
they couldn't maintain and ended up with nothing in the end. And you
have to ask yourself if you really want to try and live your father's
legacy or if you wouldn't rather build your own."

Silence fell over the office. Robert wasn't optimistic enough to think
that it was the young lord considering his words that caused it. In
point of fact, the boy was looking positively mutinous at him. Robert
sighed. A little too much honesty then. Ah well, he had tried.

He stood up and stretched. Malfoy blinked at him in surprise.

"Where are you going?"

"Home. Unless you need me for anything else? I believe you have enough
lawyers to sort out the paperwork I gave you."

"You... you're quitting?"

Robert blinked.

"Aren't you firing me?"

"I... well, I sort of intended to."

"I figured as much."

"Then why say all that to me?"

"Why wouldn't I? Come to think of it, if I thought you were going to
keep me on, I don't think I would have had the gall to say it. I think
you'll find lawyers are the most honest to people they don't actually
work for."

"I believe that's true of everyone."

He chuckled at that.

"I guess so."

"Any other honest advice then?"

"Sleep. A lot. Exercise even if you don't feel up to it. It'll help with
the stress and the fatigue. Oh, and if you don't have one already, get a
lawyer that specializes in inheritance law."

"Sounds reasonable. I understand you just quit your previous position. I
don't suppose you're looking for another?"

The elder wizard blinked.

"I... Are you having me on?"

"My mother fired our inheritance lawyer this morning. In fact, she fired
pretty much everyone we had a meeting with. If she hadn't... taken a
nap, I dare say we would have consolidated my father's assets even more
than you would have recommended."

Robert liked to consider himself a professional, but that didn't keep
him from gaping like a fool at the completely unexpected offer. The
young lord, for the first time since their meeting had began, actually
smiled. Well, smirked and somewhat grimly at that, but still...

"Shall I take that as a 'yes', Mr. Reicher?"

* * * * *

Harry limped out of the Court floo station in Bristol shortly after six
that evening, leaning heavily on one of the more austere canes Draco had
provided from among his father's collection. It was black with a silver
wolf head handle that appealed to him aesthetically, even if its
necessity was galling. He had regained most of the feeling on the left
side of his body since that morning, but the strength in his leg seemed
to come and go sporadically. At least he didn't have to bother with the
wheelchair or his nursemaids anymore. Although Ira looked ready to cry
again when he insisted he would be fine to answer the Dark Lord's
summons by himself. He had been promised an escort after all, so he
would hardly be in danger of passing out in a ditch somewhere.

Medi-wizard Pappanoski had insisted that his rate of recovery was
remarkable, but it still wasn't quick enough for Harry's preference. He
had been lying in bed all day, pained and exhausted but his mind too
full to sleep. Hermione had still not returned, and his only visitor had
been Ira, who hadn't been willing to discuss what was going on under the
misguided notion that it would somehow 'upset' him.

Only now he was on his way to see the Dark Lord and had absolutely no
idea of what was going on.

"Ambassador Potter?"

Harry turned a bit to see Lt. Stratus waiting for him in the corner of
the floo station. The station was mostly quiet but for the few lone
court workers headed home and the maintenance staff coming in. They all
turned to stare at him as he ambled by with varying degrees of surprise
and curiosity. They didn't whisper though, which struck Harry as odd. He
had expected quite a bit of whispering after word of Lucius' death got
out.

"Reggy," Harry said, offering him a tired smile as he limped over.
Stratus gave him a worried look in response. "It's not as bad as it
looks. The limp will be gone by tomorrow."

"Anything... more permanent?"

Harry shrugged.

"A scar probably, but my hair is already starting to cover it up."

He ran his hands over his head, now carpeted with a short, thick crop of
hair rather than the thin layer of peach fuzz that morning. It wasn't
back to its usual length, but at least it looked normal.

"So you're my escort, then?"

"The visible one."

Harry made a quick glance around. There was no one to see of course, but
that hardly meant no one was there.

"You should still be resting," the lieutenant said with some
disapproval, although not directed at him. Harry's smile became a bit
more genuine at the show of concern.

"No rest for the wicked, Reggy, especially not today. I bet Lord
Voldemort has been running you around in circles. Have you slept at all
since last night?"

Stratus shook his head and sighed, leading Harry out of the floo station
and into the street.

"I couldn't have slept even if the option had been available to me.
There's so much that needs to be done before tomorrow."

"What happens tomorrow?"

"The Dark Lord will make the official announcement of yesterday's events
to the press."

"You mean no one knows yet?"

That earned Harry a startled look.

"No one told you?"

"No one is telling me anything," he said, letting a bit of bitterness
seep into his voice. They strolled on in thoughtful silence along the
walkways, their cheeks and noses turning red in the cold and gusty wind.
Eventually Harry started to shiver. Without a word, Stratus cast a
warming charm on him.

"Thank you."

"Did your wand break?" Stratus asked in concern. "I noticed you weren't
carrying it as you got off the floo."

"No, it didn't break, but I'm not allowed to practice magic for a while.
Medi-wizard's orders. Honestly, you don't have to look so worried. I'm
not going to keel over on the sidewalk."

"I cannot help but worry. I don't know if you remember, but I was there
yesterday when you fell. I saw what happened and how badly you were
injured," he explained, a touch of anger in his voice now. "You very
nearly died, and now I have to escort you to a Dark Lord in a temper.
without so much as your wand to defend yourself with."

"A bit testy today, is he?"

"Harry, be serious!"

"Then take me seriously, lieutenant," he snapped. "Worrying at me isn't
going to help me. Just... tell me what's happening right now. I need to
know what I'm dealing with if I'm going to have to face him."

Stratus gave him an appraising look and must have approved of what he
saw, because after a moment he nodded.

"Very well."

The lieutenant gave him a general run down of what had happened since
yesterday. The press was being pressured into silence until the official
announcement tomorrow, an announcement which would provide the official
version of the events of the Christmas Ball as well as the actions being
taken now. The integration of the Court of Foreign Affairs into the
Court of National Security under Morgan, and Lestrange being called in
from Germany as Lucius' official replacement even as others were being
reassigned to curtail her actions. War councils had been held to discuss
the how their enemies would respond to the news and what their own
troops would need to be prepared for. There was a small army of
curse-breakers stripping down the security in Crouch's and Malfoy's
offices, and another small army monitoring them to make sure they
weren't sneaking off with national secrets. Court workers were being
brought in early from their Christmas breaks to slave their way through
the growing mountain of paperwork and informational backlash that was
flooding between offices. People were getting panicky but forced to keep
themselves in check as the Dark Lord stalked their progress like a
raging beast, shouting out orders and reprimands and curses left and
right. Office politics were already starting to rear their ugly head,
aggravating an already dangerous situation, and rumors were flying.
Meanwhile, Sentinel-Inquisitor Amelon was making a nuisance of himself
with his own investigation, gathering his secrets with a grating
nonchalance, giving away nothing, and unsettling everyone he spoke to.

It was all a barely contained madness, and it was only going to get
worse.

The more Stratus talked the more withdrawn Harry became, his already
pale skin getting paler by the second as the enormity of the situation
began to set in. What had he done? How much of this was his fault? He
hadn't killed Lucius or Crouch, but had his actions somehow set in
motion these deadly consequences? What did this mean for him? For
Hermione and Draco? For Britain?

Why had Voldemort summoned him?

"Are you alright, Harry?"

"Yeah."

"If you need to see a medi-wizard, I'll make excuses to Lord Voldemort."

"My, but you really are a brave man."

The offer of escape was a bit touching and a bit annoying. Harry wasn't
looking forward to his meeting, but he didn't need coddling. He'd accept
his part in this mess and do what he could to fix it.

"I'll be okay. Best to get this over and done with."

"Just be careful, okay? He's in a dangerous mood."

There was never a mood in which Voldemort *wasn't* dangerous, but Harry
didn't bother pointing this out. He didn't really have time to. They
entered the Cultie Headquarters, went through the usual security
protocols, and from there were escorted by a young recruit towards the
indoor training hall. They heard Voldemort well before they saw him. The
angry, sibilant hiss of parseltongue followed by the sound of small
explosions was unmistakable. They turned into a hall where a line of
about a dozen wizards and witches filed along the wall just outside the
doorway, many of them trembling and flinching visibly. A gray-haired,
podgy little witch standing nearest the door looked as if she had been
spared from execution at the sight of Harry.

Harry swallowed thickly and gave a weak smile.

"I guess he really is testy today, isn't he?" he asked them. They smiled
weakly back but said nothing.

"Do you want me to stay?" Stratus offered.

"You've got your own things to take care of. I'll see you later."

He left his escort out in the hall and did his best to hobble inside
with some semblance of dignity.

The training hall was, predictably, a wreck. It seemed Voldemort had
spent at least an hour systematically destroying the innumerable
practice dummies with a variety of curses. Dummies and remnants of what
had once been dummies were scattered across the room in heaps of
charred, splintered, dismembered, melted, mangled, maimed, and twisted
wood and cloth. The air tingled with Dark Magic, and even in his
depreciated state, Harry could feel it tingling against his skin
unpleasantly.

The Dark Lord himself stood amongst the carnage, slightly disheveled,
his entire body coiled with tension. His wand work was sharp and harsh,
his eyes doubly so, and as he turned his attention to Harry, the young
wizard froze instinctively.

Crimson eyes stared into his for just a moment before flitting towards
the cane Harry rested so heavily on. To his surprise, the Dark Lord's
fierce expression softened just a little. The elder wizard made a motion
towards the door and it closed with a loud bang, sealing them both
inside.

"How's the head?" Voldemort asked without preamble.

"Still there."

"Obviously. Any improvement in your memory?"

"Only up to you giving me my keystone in the study."

"Hhhmm..."

There was a silence as Voldemort considered, and Harry felt a growing
tension coiling inside him with each passing second. Recklessly, he
pushed ahead without waiting for the Dark Lord to finish his
contemplation.

"How much of what happened is my fault?"

Voldemort, however, wouldn't be rushed and only became more thoughtful
and turned away to begin pacing the room. His wand flicked idly back and
forth, wordlessly reassembling those dummies that could be salvaged.
Harry waited this time, hand clenching around the handle of his cane.
After a minute or two, the elder wizard answered.

"I don't know. Maybe all of it. Maybe none of it. More than likely, you
played some part, although I'm not entirely sure in what way. Your
injury was obviously accidental, but your provocation of Lucius? Then
there was Crouch. He killed Malfoy outright, but we still don't know
why. Had he done so believing he was protecting you? Had he been in his
right mind? Did your accident instigate the attack or provide an excuse,
however feeble, for it? It's a strange situation, and I already have
people working to unravel it."

"Inquisitor Amelon."

"Yes. What did you think of him?"

"I don't know. Everything was so disorienting when we..."

Harry shook himself.

"What will happen now?"

Voldemort glanced back at him, but didn't stray from his self-assigned
task.

"That is a good question. Britain is in a very vulnerable position.
Lucius and Bartemius were very difficult men to lose while we are at
war. Inevitably, Germany will try to take advantage of the situation. We
were already at a standstill with them, hence my intentions to go there
in person. Now I am stuck here sorting out this mess, leaving even that
tenuous balance in question. Depending how quickly things can be
resolved and how the Germans react, we may simply delay our progress by
a few months or we could lose the country altogether."

That was bad, but not the biggest concern Harry had. He had been losing
his enthusiasm for the war for some time, and lately he had begun to
wonder what they would actually *do* with Germany if they succeeded in
overthrowing it. They couldn't hold it as a British territory, could
they? Force the people to surrender all their cultural and financial
wealth as punishment before returning control to its people? Set up a
puppet government to rule on Voldemort's behalf?

"What about here?"

"Here? There won't be rioting in the streets ,if that is what concerns
you. However, a negative turn in the war could destabilize the economy.
We've had growth in certain industries to meet our need for war-time
supplies that has offset the decline elsewhere as well as several
investments tied up in the potential victory over Germany. We will have
to reduce the number of active-duty Culties, which will overstress the
job market and likely increase crime in certain areas. Then there's the
lingering sense of insecurity from leaving our enemies the time to
recoup and plot yet another attack against Britain, this time on their
own terms. A not unreasonable fear. Plus the complication of our
re-emergence in the international economy from the unresolved tension
between our allies and Germany's."

Harry's head was starting to ache even more than before. It was all so
complicated, so large and interconnected that he couldn't hope to
understand half of what the Dark Lord was saying. He held up his hand in
a silent plea for him to stop. It was just too much.

Voldemort nodded.

"It's nothing unmanageable, Harry, but it definitely complicates
things."

"What can I do?"

The Dark Lord didn't actually smile, but the question obviously pleased
him to some extent. He seemed to relax somewhat.

"Our biggest concern at the moment is damage control. The press has been
frothing at the mouth to release news of what has happened, and given
the number of witnesses, it will be impossible to silence them
indefinitely even with the media blackout. What we need right now is to
reassure the public that we have everything under control on the
government and military side of things, and to distract them with a
sensationalist story on the more *celebrity* side of things."

Harry frowned a bit, not understanding.

"You want me to tell them about the anti-betrothal plot?"

Because that truth was about as sensational as things got.

"*No*. I don't want you to tell anybody anything. As far as the world is
concerned, you are just an innocent victim in this. The one lucky enough
to have survived it. Given your memory loss, it should spare you the
necessity of press conferences."

"I don't understand. If all you wanted was to keep me out of the way,
why did you call me here?"

Voldemort stopped pacing and turned to face him directly, a few feet
away.

"I thought I should give you advanced warning. I am issuing a warrant
for Hermione Granger's arrest."

Harry didn't understand at first. Arrest Hermione? For what? She hadn't
done- His eyes widened in horror.

"No."

"Yes. The people cannot be made to think their government is being run
by fools who kill each other over petty feuds or lost tempers. Lucius
and Bartemius must remain the noble patriots they were in the eyes of
the public. I need a villain, Harry."

"You need a therapist!"

"Kettle meet cauldron."

Harry's headache bloomed into a full-blown migraine until he felt
nauseous with pain. It did nothing to distract him from what was
happening. Hermione, blamed for murder? The press would crucify her and
then what? Azkaban?

"Why? Why her? She hasn't done anything!" he asked desperately.

"She disappeared after her foster father and former fiancé were killed
and her supposed best friend was grievously injured."

"She was gone before that!"

"But no one else knows that, and even if they did it would still be
highly suspicious. It doesn't help she had a grudge to ear against both
of them."

"Along with half of bloody England, no doubt."

"Shall I randomly assign blame to someone else then?" Voldemort asked
tersely, resuming his pacing.

"Yes!" Harry snapped back impulsively, but balked almost immediately
after. "I mean no. I mean... why can't we just find the person
responsible?"

"I fully intend to, and if it is convenient, I may even charge them this
crime and Miss Granger will go free. *If* it is convenient, and that is
a very big 'if'. Do you-"

There was a knock on the door. Voldemort let out a snarl of annoyance.
With a flick of his hand the doors burst nearly off their hinges.
Stratus stood in the entryway, startled.

"What is it?" the Dark Lord snarled.

A lesser man would have cringed in fear or run away, but Stratus merely
fidgeted, glanced quickly at Harry, and marched directly up to
Voldemort. The Gryffindor, vexed by his headache, Hermione's potential
demise, and the inconvenient interruption, glared daggers at the both of
them when Stratus whispered something to the source of his grievance too
quietly for Harry to hear. A curious look crossed the Dark Lord's
features. He glanced at his protégé.

An unspeakable dread filled Harry. Goddess, had they found Hermione?

"Let them in," Voldemort said.

He felt dizzy with relief. It hadn't been about his friend.

Stratus didn't look pleased with the order, but saluted and marched out
again with another glance at Harry. The man worried over him entirely
too much. But that wasn't important right now.

"Please," Harry begged. "Don't do this. I... I'll do whatever you want,
just... Don't ruin her life over my mistakes. I'll take responsibility
for it. I'll..."

Even as he spoke he knew it was useless. If Voldemort wanted him to take
the blame, then he would have said so outright. But the Dark Lord
wouldn't sacrifice Harry just to pacify the press. It had nothing to do
with liking or caring for him, but the simple fact of the matter was the
man had too much invested in him.

"Harry," Voldemort said, his tone surprisingly gentle. "I know this
seems cruel, but it isn't personal. The fact that she is your friend is
unfortunate but doesn't change that she is the most suitable choice for
this. Lives and fortunes depend on the distraction she will provide."

"This feels *very* personal to me," he bit out angrily.

"If it's any consolation, she's too young to be sentenced to Azkaban or
to death."

"So an asylum, then? That's *loads* better!"

"I can have her killed during the attempted capture if you think it more
humane," was the cutting reply. The Dark Lord was starting to lose his
patience again. Harry had already lost his. He wanted his wand. He
wanted his wand *badly,*but all he had for a possible weapon was his
cane, and he actually needed that.

Violence not being an option left to him, he had to try and think his
way out of this situation. What could Harry say or do that would save
Hermione? What could he possibly bribe with or exchange for her
continued safety and freedom? He tried to sort it out, because surely
there was something. There was always something. Perhaps Voldemort even
wanted him to find what it was. Find the solution on his own, another
learning experience, or some other option that would put him back in the
Dark Lord's debt. Why else would Voldemort have bothered to warn him in
advance and in person?

Questions filled his mind, but the pain stalled any answers from
generating and only exacerbated his condition. He covered his eyes with
his free hand, trying to block it all out. He was starting to shake, he
realized, and his palms felt sweaty and slick.

"I can't... I can't think... Just... Just tell me what I need to do to
save her."

Voldemort said nothing.

"TELL ME!"

There was sharp, swishing sound and then a rush of heat and noise. Then
an even more intense wave of heat and a burning wind. Harry dropped his
cane and curled on instinct, thinking he had been cursed and expecting
the agony to set in at any moment. But there was no pain, none that
wasn't already there, and when he dared to open his eyes he could see it
was the dummies burning in ghostly green flames and not himself.

The heat and the vision of writhing bodies brought another swell of
nausea. He gagged, but nothing would come up. He tried to climb to his
feet, but his left leg wouldn't cooperate and his right didn't feel
strong enough to lift him. There was no escaping it. He could only sit
there and endure. Closing his eyes and rocking slowly, he tried to keep
himself from passing out.

For several moments, he was blind and deaf to everything, too caught up
in his own physical and psychological misery. Then the sound of
footsteps seeped in. The slow tap of shoes against hardwood moving
closer. Harry didn't even have enough energy in him to be afraid.

"Harry, I am trying to keep my temper with you, but you make it very
difficult."

Despite his words, the Dark Lord didn't sound angry at all. Maybe it had
been spent on the curse that had demolished a small legion of practice
dummies. Perhaps Harry just didn't have the presence of mind to notice
it.

"I am not doing this to punish you, Harry, or manipulate you. I know
this situation is as much my fault as it is yours. Had I called off this
feud between Lucius and you, or if I hadn't brought you to that party in
your weakened state, how much of this could have been avoided?"

He felt the Dark Lord touch his hair and paused in his rocking.

"But even I cannot undo what has happened. We must both pay a heavy
price for our mistakes. You've never been a coward. You must accept the
inevitable."

Harry took a deep breath, not looking up.

"I hate you."

He meant it. He meant it, and it felt like a betrayal, which only made
him hate him more.

"It changes nothing."

The hand tightened in his hair. Harry could feel the magic and rage
coiled within the palm of the Dark Lord's hand, and he wanted nothing
more than to lash out at it. To slap it away, to crush it, to bite it.
He opened his eyes and finally brought his eyes to meet Voldemort's,
daring him to legilimens him and see within Harry's mind all the
loathing he felt for him in that moment. Crimson eyes stared back at him
without blinking, unflinching.

Harry looked away first. Not because he was intimidated, but because the
sound of surprised shouts and banging doors drew his attention away.

"Perfect timing," Voldemort said, moving his hand from his protégé's
head to his arm. Harry barely managed to grab his cane before he was
forcibly lifted off the floor. His legs still refused to cooperate with
him, and he weaved and stumbled dangerously trying to keep to his feet
even with the help of the cane.

He had just managed to steady himself when the door swung open violently
again, this time aided by a furious Sirius Blackbone's foot rather than
Voldemort's magic. The werewolf stalked into the room, radiating the
savage nature hidden beneath his human form, no doubt terrorizing every
witch and wizard he had come across along the way. Remus followed a few
steps behind, barely noticeable in the wake of his alpha's presence and
looking to keep it that way. His eyes darted about cautiously, looking
out for the dangers Sirius was choosing to completely ignore.

Both werewolves froze, however, when they saw Harry. They seemed even
more surprised to see him than he was to see them.

"Sirius? Remus? What are you doing here?"

The Dark Lord chuckled nastily.

"They have been rather misinformed that you were killed last night."

Oh dear.

"Um... no?" he said stupidly.

"Fuck me," Sirius swore, studying Harry from head to toe. He looked torn
between relief, disbelief, and horror. Remus looked ready to run over
and snatch him right out of the Dark Lord's hands, but he kept looking
towards his alpha for some sort of cue. It turned out neither Remus nor
Sirius had to make a move. Voldemort was more than happy to go to them,
dragging his unstable protégé behind him.

He practically threw Harry at Sirius, and the werewolf caught him easily
and tucked his godson under his arm without ever looking away from the
Dark Lord. Harry found it easier to stand with the support of the
werewolf's strong arm, but a lot less easy to move. Sirius' protective
grasp was unfortunately a bit constricting.

He didn't dare protest. He felt too guilty for frightening his
godfathers as he had.

"You may keep him back at your colony until the beginning of the new
term," the Dark Lord said coldly. "*If* you take him to see his doctor
first. He seems to have suffered a relapse."

Sirius snarled like a beast.

"What did you-"

"Sirius," Harry begged. "He didn't do anything. Let's just go...
please."

His godfather didn't look away from the Dark Lord, but his hold on Harry
tightened just a bit more. Slowly and without saying another word,
Sirius gradually relaxed and half-carried his wounded charge out of the
dueling hall, having never taken his eyes off the Dark Lord now
silhouetted in the green flames of his own magic.

Sirius did not look away, but Harry refused to look back.