# Acts of Fealty

As the arrows were aimed, Voldemort threw up his arm instinctively to
protect his head. There really there was no time to think up a better
strategy. Luckily, preparation was still the better part of valor even
in the magical world, and as those arrows struck they bounced harmlessly
off the repelling spell on his cloak just as the goblin's swords had. It
was enough, however, for the princess to buy those few precious seconds
she needed to disappear into the dark sanctuary of the forest, the
burning pain in his mauled hand the only evidence she had ever been
there.

Behind the safety of his cloak, he prepared his counterattack, but had
not time to utter it as a blade seared through the magical cloth as if
it were paper. He barely managed to save his arm from being severed
along with the cloak, and stumbled back gracelessly but kept to his
feet. *Mithral*, he realized. Nothing else could have cut through the
spell so easily. He spared no more thought to it, as Gulandri, who was
charging forward with that unnatural elven grace attempted a counter
swing aimed to take his neck. Voldemort apparated. Only a few feet
behind the murderous elf, but enough distance to cast his spell.

"*Devero terras viperas,*"he cursed, anger driving his voice into a
parseltongue hiss.

Beneath Gulandri's feet, the earth began to writhe and slither into
enormous coils of soil and detritus. He danced backwards, leaping into a
half fallen tree. Earthen serpents, a half a dozen, surged from ground
after him, coiling up the trunk and tearing it down with their combined
weight. The soldier elves that had held their formation where forced to
scatter as the tree crashed down over them. Gulandri himself managed to
hold his footing even then and with vicious speed loped off three
serpentine heads, causing them to instantly dissolve into clouds of dust
that temporarily blocked him from view. Voldemort tried for a second
spell, but there was nothing to aim at, and already he could perceive
the remaining earth serpents being destroyed by the elf's blade.

The soldier elves were starting to regroup and notch their arrows for a
second strike. The Dark Lord turned his wand to them, sparing them only
enough attention as he dared in order to destroy them before they became
a nuisance.

"*Desuri flueh hey miasfithr. Suris fumatis sati'e ei'et."* Gulandri's
voice sounded from the concealing cloud, drawing back his opponent's
attention. The voice was soon joined by a silhouette, and then by the
man himself. The elven king was coated in a fine layer of dust and his
cheek was streaked with mud, but already he appeared to have regain his
malicious good humor. He was grinning as he approached the Dark Lord,
and Voldemort spared him a cruel smile of his own.

He barely spared a thought to the elves that quickly scattered at their
king's command and disappeared into the forest just a mysteriously as
Selufiare had. Whatever their intentions, it was not his concern. He did
not know the meaning of Gulandri's words, but clearly he intended the
rest of this fight to between themselves alone.

He wouldn't have had it any other way.

---

When the arrows flew, they weren't all aimed in Voldemort's direction
and Harry and the others quickly found themselves ducking behind
anything that resembled cover. Except for Lucius, who was standing most
conspicuously out in the open and yet no one seemed to bother targeting.
This was a pity, Harry thought uncharitably, because he thought the man
deserved an arrow to the head. Or at least a leg.

Stratus and he ducked behind some trees, then moved a little further
away to an old log laying partially upright against a tree and Harry
barely avoided getting hit twice. The log wasn't the best cover, but
from behind it offered them some protection and a good view of the
battle that was unfolding between Voldemort and Gulandri.

He still cradled Bobby protectively in his arms, terrified he would drop
him and yet also worried all this violent moment and his firm grip were
hurting his frail avian form. What if he were accidentally smothering
him? What if he turned too sharply and broke his neck? Cautiously, he
loosened his hold so that he was merely laying in his arms. There was
nothing else he could do or check for until they were somewhere safe
with better lighting.

Tom gave Bobby a curious look Harry didn't know how to decipher, but
said nothing about him or his strange behavior towards the raven. They
were soon joined by Kingsley and a Cultie he wasn't familiar with, and
neither seemed to notice.

"Think he'll win?" Kingsley asked without preamble as the Dark Lord
barely managed to avoid Gulandri's first attack. Harry would have glared
at him, but that would have meant tearing his eyes away from the battle.

"Normally, I would say absolutely," Stratus said, not looking away
either, "But the Enchantress is a naga, and their bites are notoriously
deadly. If he were a normal wizard, he would be dead already."

Harry's breath caught in his throat. Naga venom... Merlin. It was known
to dissolve iron and could even kill a vampire. What would it do to
someone like Voldemort, whose potentially immortal body was composed of
unknown frailties in accumulation of seemingly endless strengths? It was
possible that the venom would have no affect at all or that it could
kill him in minutes. There was no way to know.

And if the venom did not kill him, Gulandri would certainly do it
himself.

Nothing else was said as they watched the first of Voldemort's
counterattacks, caught in the amazing power of it cast so casually.
Harry felt himself relax slightly. If the Dark Lord were capable of
that, then the bite probably wasn't going to suddenly strike him dead.

"What are they doing?" Stratus asked, reluctantly drawing Harry's
attention. He followed the lieutenant's line of sight to the elves which
were suddenly retreating into the forest.

"Gulandri must have ordered them not to interfere," Harry said. It
seemed the arrogant sort of thing the elf would do.

"I think he told them more than that."

"Think they're coming after us?" Kingsley asked.

"They don't have anything better to do. They'll want revenge after what
happened to their city."

Harry wondered what they meant by that, but now wasn't the time to ask.

"We should head back to Treelafore," Stratus continued. "We're not going
to be any use-"

"Stratus, look out!" someone yelled from behind a tree.

The lieutenant jumped to the side just barely avoiding being bludgeoned
with a large tree branch. The Cultie that attacked them, let out a
savage scream and swung again, her eyes wide and crazed.

"Bentley? What the bloody hell is wrong with you?" Kingsley shouted,
moving to intercept her, but received a heavy blow to his chest for his
trouble.

"Don't! She's tainted! She ate and drank their food. She's under
Gulandri's control now," Stratus shouted, warning all the untainted of
this newest threat even as he scrambled underneath the log to get out of
range of her next attack. Harry was still closest to her, but with her
back to him. Quickly, he set Bobby into a rotted opening in the log,
unwilling to put him on the ground where he might be unwittingly
trample. In the dark, little nook, he was all but invisible, and Harry
made a quick and silent prayer that he would be safe as he turned to
face this newest threat. If he could knock her down or hold her,
Kingsley would be able to take her weapon away. He didn't stop to think
of what they could possibly do with her after that.

He started for her, but was pulled up short when a pair of heavily
muscled arms reached out and pulled him out of midair. One arm wrapped
around his chest, pulling him clean off the ground while the other
encircled his neck, catching him in a headlock. He tried to shout, a
scream of anger more than anything, but he could no longer draw the air
for it. So he kicked at the legs behind him and tried to punch and
scratch. It was useless. The man holding him was not as big as Kingsley,
but he easily had fifty even seventy-five pounds on Harry, and the
military training to back it up. Not only was the man able to hold onto
his captive, he was quickly carrying him away from the others as well.
Harry couldn't even drag his feet to slow him down.

Dammit, why the hell was he so bloody short?

Defiantly, he continued to struggle, clawing behind him in hopes of
blinding his captor, but catching nothing but the occasional stubbled
cheek. The lack of oxygen began taking affect, his vision (already
miserable without his glasses) began to dim and his hearing faded into
the hot thumping of his own pounding heart. He started to panic, his
arms now flinging outwards, attempting to grab hold of something,
anything, to pull himself out of the suffocating grasp.

He wasn't sure how far from the others he had already been taken or if
they were being followed, but his hands were brushing against dozens of
objects. Branches, rocks, rotten wood that crumbled when he tried to
hold it. Then something he thought was a branch. It came free of what
ever it had been protruding from. It was blind luck that it was actually
an arrow that lodged itself in a nearby tree.

It was a miracle that during all his gracelessly purposeless thrashing
he managed to stab his attacker in the leg and not himself. There was a
cry of pain and Harry was suddenly free, and collapsed to the ground
gasping for air. For a second, he couldn't move, but the panic had't
left him and soon he was crawling to get away. First on his arms, then
on his hands and knees, until he breathed enough that his vision cleared
and he's regained enough equilibrium to climb to his feet.

He finally managed to turn around and look at the enemy and he was half
surprised to find it was one of the Culties and not an orc or large
goblin that's been carrying him off. The look in the man's eyes was
crazed, and even though he still clearly registers the pain Harry has
inflicted on him, he was already stumbling towards him.

Harry ran up to him and smashed his foot into his face, sending him
flying backwards. He felt a twinge of guilt when the man landed with a
heavy 'oomf' and laid still. It wasn't his fault he was acting this way,
but he wasn't going to let the man get a hold of him a second time. He
turned back in the direction he assumed they came from.

"That was entertaining."

"*GEAHH!* Dammit, Malfoy! Don't *do* that!"

The blond aristocrat stood as if he had been there the whole time, and
Harry wondered if this weren't the case and he had been taking enjoyment
out of watching him nearly get killed. Son of a-

"Harry? Where-" Stratus's panicked voice, was soon followed by the man
himself stumbling out of a hedge and into the small clearing they'd
found themselves in. The lieutenant was visibly relieved when he spotted
him, and Harry felt strangely touched by his genuine concern.

"I'm okay. What about Kingsley?"

The man in question appeared behind Stratus.

"I'm fine. Can't say the same for Bentley, though," he said accusingly,
and for once it doesn't seem aimed at Harry but at Stratus, who met the
accusation coolly.

"She gave herself to the enemy. There was nothing left of her that could
have been saved."

Kingsley was clearly about ready to disagree but was interrupted by
Lucius.

"Save it for later. The elves are circling around and there are still
more tainted Culties out there. We're sitting ducks here."

"We should go back to Treelafore. We'll be safe behind the wards or at
least in the *Minotaur,*" Stratus said.

"I will not leave until I am certain of my Lord's victory, and neither
shall you. We will split into two groups. You and Kingsley go out and
distract the enemy. Potter and I will find a new position to observe the
battle from."

If Lucius hadn't had his wand or perhaps if the others had had theirs,
Harry was almost certain Kingsley and Stratus would both have thrown the
aristocrat at the nearest elf and told him to distract them himself. Or
maybe they wouldn't have. He was still their commanding officer and he
was right in this instance. Voldemort's safety was still their
responsibility. They couldn't leave without him.

Kingsley gave them all a mutinous look and stalked off without another
word. He would do as he was told, but he wasn't going to pretend he was
okay with it. Stratus lingered a moment longer, and to Harry's surprise
grabbed his hand. He flushed with embarrassment, but it quickly faded
when he realized what the lieutenant was doing. The scrap of cloth and
leather cord encircling his hand and binding the magic there was
suddenly cut free.

The suddenly swell of magic inside of him left him tingling and light
headed, and Stratus stepped back in surprise. Harry stood there stunned
for a moment, then blinked. The lieutenant was already gone by the time
he regained enough sense to thank him. It wasn't until he and Lucius
moved from the clearing and circled around from where they had last seen
Voldemort and Gulandri that he thought to wonder why Stratus hadn't
removed the ward earlier.

---

Fire and pain and snakes were Voldemort's weapons of choice. Each
contained a sort of sensual horror that he had always been drawn to
since his youth, and which he had a natural talent for handling both for
himself and against others. He used them liberally and enthusiastically
against Gulandri whose weapons were speed and fear and blades. The Dark
Elf's movements were quicksilver fast, always outmaneuvered whatever
Voldemort threw at him and never left him enough time to properly
strategize anything more effective before he was forced to evade or
block an attack on himself.

The patch of forest where they had begun their fight was now a clearing,
the trees overturned, the ground scoured by fire and spellcraft.
Voldemort remained at its center, aware that left him open to attack
from all sides, but it also left him plenty of space to spot Gulandri
coming and the time necessary to get off a spell. The elf stuck close to
the edge, where the shadows cast by the still burning fires swallow him
up as if he were a shadow himself.

The Dark Lord had shed his ruined cloak for the sake of maneuverability,
and without it his wounded hand was visible. It had already turned
black, and was now slowly withering into a mummified claw. It was also
as painful as looked. No. It was far worse. Like it was being burned in
fire and acid at the same time and stabbed repeated with a dozens of
barbed hooks until it seemed his arm shouldn't have been there at all,
but merely a shredded, burned, and melted muscles left hanging from his
desiccated bones.

It was distracting to say the least.

"I have to admit, I am impressed," Gulandri said, his voice seeming to
come from every direction. "Naga venom is not something to take lightly,
and I suspect my daughter did not hold back when she filled you with it.
I was afraid she had ruined our fight before it had even began."

Poisons were not something Voldemort typically feared. In fact, he
enjoyed several sorts of teas and delicacies that were deadly to
wizarding kind. He had lost a number of kitchen staff because of it, but
had never suffered more than a mild headache himself. It wasn't
something he experimented with extensively, but he had known innately
that most poisons were ineffectual. It seemed he had found one of the
few exceptions.

"My blood is venom itself, Gulandri. What is a little naga spittle
compared to that?"

There was an approving chuckle, even though they both knew it was pure
bravado on Voldemort's part. He could no longer move his left arm where
Selufiare had bitten him, and the venom was slowly but steadily seeping
into the rest of his body as well. He had broken out into a sweat and
his right hand developed a fine but noticeable tremor. He was finding it
harder to remain focused, to keep his eyes and his brain moving, prepare
his next attack or to ward of Gulandri's. The pain was... he was a
master of pain so that didn't matter. The gradual loss of control over
his own body was the true danger here.

A shadow moved out of the corner of his eye, and he cast his next
attack. There was a flash of bluish-green light that briefly scattered
the shadows and illuminated the space in a stark, unforgiving light
before it struck boulder and promptly melted it, sending up an burning,
acrid blue smoke in its wake.

No Gulandri though. Just his voice, taunting him from nowhere and
everywhere at once.

"How long do you think you can keep this up? You're getting weaker. What
do you think will happen once the venom reaches your heart? What do you
suppose it will feel like when it shrivels up like your hand? Or perhaps
it will reach your brain first and you'll have a fit, pissing yourself
and choking on your own vomit like all those muggles you liked to
torment so much. There would be a sort of ironic justice in that."

Fear is Gulandri's weapon, and though Voldemort expression never changes
he still feels the bite of it. It steals a breath and a thought, before
he crushes it down savagely. If he is to die, it will not be by
Gulandri's hand or his daughter's poison. He was the harbinger of the
Earth, and while in her realm She would not allow him to fall so
ignominiously before his destiny had played itself out. She had given
him this monstrous body, and he had faith in it just as She had faith in
him.

But faith meant nothing if it were not tested.

---

Harry and Lucius settled themselves some distance away from the fight on
a stony outcropping that offered them some elevation. An old oak grew
there, and Harry had quickly moved up into its branches to hide as well
as watch. Lucius did not bother, once again remaining out in the open
and taking advantage of the view their position afforded him. At first
the young Gryffindor thought the man crazy, but recalling Snape's words
earlier about neither being seen and then how Lucius had not been
targeted once during their evasion of the archers, he decided Snape must
have done something to protect him.

He hoped that what ever it was the Headmaster had done was working on
the man as well. He hadn't seen his guardian for some time and was
starting to worry about him. As much as he could afford to worry about
him. At the moment, he was worrying about almost everyone. Stratus and
Kingsley and any other untainted Culties were running around without
their wands to distract elves who had thoroughly kicked their asses
during their last encounter. Bobby was unconscious and defenseless where
he had left him- hopefully where he left him. There was no telling who
or what could have found the raven, but he was still likely safer where
he was than being totted around by a walking target like Harry. He was
definitely worried about himself, and not just because of the elves. He
couldn't help but notice Lucius glancing up at from the ground every so
often, clearly contemplating something. Possibly the resumption of his
previous torture session to extract the truth of his curse from him.

Most worrisome of all was Voldemort. He was far more used to be worried
about the Dark Lord than being worried *for* the Dark Lord. Time and
again the dark wizard had proven himself seemingly indestructible, and
yet before his eyes he could see him struggling and slowly failing as
his body continued to weaken. It wasn't noticeable at first, the spells
seemed as fast and savage as ever, but gradually his reaction time
slowed. His tall confident form began to slump and move awkwardly.

Inside his own body, Harry felt his magic broiling inside. It had only
been sealed for a day, but already he could feel in struggling to break
free, fed on the intensity of his own physical and emotional struggles,
rising up to defend and attack any and all that came before him. Without
his wand, he could not properly channel it, and while his sword hand
yielded a certain level of control he had little practice with it.

All of that was irrelevant however.

If the Dark Lord stumbled, he would go to him. He knew so many of his
misadventures, this one included, had resulted from him recklessly
rushing into situations he didn't understand and couldn't control. He
knew to do so now would be the stupidest decision he had ever made and
would likely get him killed. And still, even knowing this, he was
already preparing himself to apparate himself into the thick of things.
Some critical, broken part him wouldn't let him turn away, and to do so
would surely result in a different sort of madness. Even just keeping
his distance now, was driving Harry into fit of anxiety and guilt.

"Don't even *think* about it," Lucius warned, and Harry was suddenly
certain the general had his wand pointed directly at him. He didn't even
pretend he didn't know what he was talking about. It had to be written
all over his face what he intended to do.

And his expression wasn't changing any time soon.

---

The venom was nothing if not fast. Within minutes his vision began to
blur... or maybe it was his mind that was deteriorating, melting away
under its corrosive touch. He couldn't feel his tongue anymore and was
now forced to rely solely on wordless casting or else risk blowing
himself up with a mispronunciation. One of these spells he cast, caught
Gulandri as he made another attempt to sweep in behind him. The elf was
thrown off his feet and smashed into a nearby tree before falling into
some shrubbery beneath it. Voldemort set the shrubs on fire, pain and
necessity taking away the desire for creativity.

There was no screaming.

He knew better than to assume he had managed to kill the Dark Elf with
that meager spellwork.

Suddenly, his entire wand arm spasmed, and for a second he thought
perhaps Gulandri prediction was coming true. That he was going to have a
seizure and lose any semblance of control over his body. His wand was
shaken free from his weakened, trembling grasp and fell to the ground.
And just as suddenly as the spasms started, they stopped. He was shaking
still, but it was because of weakness now more than anything. It took
all his will power to remain standing and more than he thought he had to
reach out for his wand.

An sharp pinch struck his right shoulder, and it bloomed into a hot, wet
pain. His whole body jerked against it and his mind seemed shaken loose
from the sensation. What just happened? Then another pain, this time a
burning slash to his arm. He saw the blade this time. Bits of mirror
shining through the coating of blood. His blood.

He snarled like a beast, and spun around, animalistic anger and
desperation flooding his failing body with murderous intent. Gulandri
didn't dance away this time or attempt to evade. His electric eyes with
were wide with a terrible glee, a horrifying triumph. As the Dark Lord
leaped for him, he positioned his blade and leaped forward to meet him.

The blade slid into the Dark Lord's chest, slipped easily between his
ribs and through his lung to the heart that pounding beneath and then
clean through the other side. Voldemort gasped, blood welling up and
spilling out over his slackened lips. Gulandri smiled.

"That was exciting," the elf half laughed. "Perhaps we'll have the
opportunity to do it again some day."

There was no response from the Dark Lord, whose body had gone rigid and
then suddenly went limp. Gulandri caught him as he fell forward. It gave
him another moment or two to mock his defeated opponent before he was
gone completely. He was about to do just that, but someone in the
distance was shouting something. 'No' he thought, and it made him smile.

Was that the boy? If he was still here, he might yet have the
opportunity to-

Voldemort's wand, which had been laying a short distance away, suddenly
flew from the ground. Gulandri's amusement turned immediately to alarm
and he dropped his prey to dodge the inevitable attack.

Only Voldemort didn't fall.

The right hand that had been lying bonelessly at the Dark Lord's side
jumped up to seize him in a vice-like grip before he could pull away.
Voldemort's lifted his head to look up at him, the crimson eyes burning
into his own. Gulandri eyes widened. It made them an even better target
when his enemy spat a mouthful of blood into his face.

The elf shrieked in pain and tore free. He pulled the blade free of the
Dark Lord in the process, and it was the only thing that saved him when
Harry's curse hit him squarely.

"*Sectumsempra!*"

From the ground, Voldemort felt blood splatter across his face and
hands. He felt it through the myriad of tortures afflicting his torn and
poisoned body, and he smiled despite himself. There was a moment where
he must have blacked out, because when he regains some sense of himself
and his surroundings he was not lying directly on the ground.

Potter had pushed him partially upright so that he could lean him
against his own body, and his free hand pressed some sort of cloth over
the open wound of his chest. There was a tingle of magic there that
wasn't unpleasant, but if it was meant to heal his wound it wasn't doing
so quickly. His vision was still blurred, but he looked from the corner
of his eye up at Harry's face. It was a strange mixture of pain, anger,
and fear, but mostly determination. His vision swam for a moment, before
partially focusing on Harry's wand hand and his own wand clutched
tightly there.

Funny, hadn't he used Harry's wand just today? Did his protege find it
as unnaturally natural as he had? They had brother wands after all.
Perhaps they knew when their kin's master was yielding them.

He followed the line of the wand, but here his vision failed. There were
vague shapes and movements, but nothing he could distinguish. An enemy,
obviously. Who else was left after Gulandri? It took him a moment to
remember his enemy had brought his own minions.

"Is the elf dead?" he asked, his voice wet with his own blood.

Harry started at the sound of his voice, but his position didn't change.
He didn't allow himself to be distracted from the enemy.

"No, my lord," he replied. His voice cracked and he stopped. Voldemort
could feel him swallow thickly, regaining his control. When he spoke,
his tone was deceptively light. "It seems he's almost as stubborn to die
as you are. His people got to him before I could finish him off."

That was disappointing, but not really surprising. *Serpensortia* was a
nasty spell, but was rarely an instant kill. It certainly wasn't going
to be a pleasant experience recovering from.

"They're retreating now. Carrying him off. Please hold on for a bit
longer."

Voldemort smirked at the bit of pleading he heard there. Potter could
almost cute sometimes in his sincerity.

"I'm not going anywhere. Where are the others?"

"Malfoy's following the elves, making sure they don't try anything.
Kingsley and Lt. Stratus are... somewhere... hopefully. I don't know
where Professor Snape-"

"I am here."

Voldemort lets out an uncomfortable grunt as Harry jerks in surprise. It
would seem his servant had lost none of his stealth over the years. He
follows the potion master's movements more by sound and feel than sight.
He doesn't want to waste the energy attempting to move his head.

"Move your hand, Potter, so I can work."

The tingling sensation over his chest retreats and he realizes it was
definitely doing more than he had originally thought. The pain, which he
had thought considerably before, swelled again. His breathing became
labored, filling his lungs with blood rapidly.

"*Professor!*"

"I *know*, Potter! *Purus pulmo!*" And then he could breathe again,
painfully but easily. "*Corsigno*!" His heart stopped completely for a
moment then resumed, this time without the tearing sensation of before.
" *Sisto sanguis.*That should stop the worst of the bleeding for now."

"Professor, his arm. He's been bitten by a naga."

There's a moment of complete silence, then the frantic shuffling of
clothing. It's curious enough and he was now feeling somewhat strong
enough, to tilt his head towards Severus.

The man appeared to be undressing.

But no, he was just taking off his belt, which made into a loop and
slipped over Voldemort's withered arm and tightened into a tourniquet.

"Are there no spells for that?"

"Naga venom eats through magic the same way Nagini's venom does. This is
crude, but should hopefully slow the spread of the venom. I don't know
how you're still alive."

"Yes, you do, Severus. You just don't like to think on it."

Lucius' voice appeared before any type of reply could be made.

"The fae are all gone now. We should go. There should be at least one
Healer in the village."

"Don't be insipid, Lucius," Voldemort hissed, his strength very slowly
returning. It wouldn't last indefinitely, but it would be enough for him
to do what needed to be done. "No one can know about this. Our enemies
will swarm on us at the slightest sign of weakness. Besides, no one
knows more about this body than myself. Take me somewhere quiet and
secure."

"The *Minotaur,*"Harry suggested, and it took Voldemort to realize what
he was talking about. The *Minotaur* was here? So it had completed the
first half of its first mission.

"Yes, that would work perfectly. Severus, you'll treat me on the way
back to Bristol. I have safe houses there where I can recover. Now get
me up."

"My Lord, you shouldn't-"

"But I'm going to. Potter, give me back my damn wand."

"Er... sorry." Harry handed it to him. He felt the magic inside
practically purr, and was reassured that despite its obedience to his
protege, it still knew who its true master was. He slipped it into
sleeve, and made his first attempt to stand. He made it too, although it
required him to hold onto first Harry and then Severus and to pause
twice before he was upright. He didn't dare let go of Severus' arm else
he'd surely have fallen flat on his face. No point in letting anyone
else know that.

"You'll have to apparate us both, Severus. My focus is a bit...Hhmm..."

"Understandle, my Lord. Just say when."

"Wait. Before I forget. Potter, your wand is in my other sleeve. Take it
out."

Harry looked down at his blackened arm, and while the Dark Lord could
appreciate the reason behind the look of revulsion there he really
didn't have the patience for it right then.

"*Take it out!*" he hissed in parseltongue, and the boy jumped to obey.
He grabbed his arm as gently as he could (not that he could feel it at
this point anyway), and carefully slide his thumb and finger between his
skin and sleeve and pulled out the wand there. The boy stared at it for
a long moment, as if unable to believe he was seeing it.

"How did you...?"

Under normal circumstances, he would have found some way to either gloat
or else regale Harry with his intellectual and magical prowess, but
these were not normal circumstances and despite his returning strength
he was running out of time.

"Later. Take me to the train, Severus."

"Yes, my Lord."

---

And then they were gone, and Harry was left disoriented and filled with
questions. *Later,* Voldemort had said, and that wasn't unreasonable.
Except *now* still felt so urgent. There was still so much to do, and it
needed to be done quickly.

"You should go," Lucius said, coldly. "He will expect you to follow
him."

There was a bitterness to his tone that Harry recognizes as jealousy,
but didn't really understand the cause. Was he mad that Voldemort called
him insipid?

"Soon. We need to find Lt. Stratus and Kingsley."

"We don't have time for that. They could be dead already. If not,
they're in no immediate danger and will find their own way back
eventually," he said, as if explaining something to an imbecile. Harry's
clever reply was to ignore him completely, which was more insulting than
any retort he could have thought up.

"*Expecto patronum."*

His patronus appeared, its ghostly visage even more eery in the
surrounding devastation. It regarded him with some curiosity, as if
surprised to see him and Harry felt a smile tug at his lips. *You and me
both, my friend*.

"Find Kingsley and Lt. Stratus and bring them back to Treelafore."

It turned and bound off into the forest. As it went, Harry caught a
flash of reflecting light in the embers nearby. Lucius would have seen
it too, except that his gaze was drawn to the patronus. He had never
seen Harry's before. The young Gryffinder took the opportunity to
investigate, and found Gulandri's sword half buried in ash and leaves.
He picked it up with his sword hand.

His magic surged into the blade readily, traveling along the mithral
lining, before circling back into his hand. It felt familiar, almost
like holding the sword of Gryffindor.

"Where did you find that?" Lucius demanded once his attention was drawn
back to him.

"It was on the ground. Gulandri must have dropped it when I hit him with
the curse."

"The Dark Lord will want it."

"Then he can have it," he said without hesitation. He liked the sword.
He really, *really* liked it, but if Voldemort asked for it then he
would give it to him. He owed him more than a shiny bauble right now,
and he knew it. "You can go if you want. I just need to check something
and I'll apparate back."

Lucius regarded him for a long moment. He could persist, but already he
was feeling more like a nagging housewife than a menacing presence. Now
that Harry was armed and the Dark Lord was so close, it was too risky to
attempt to resume his interrogation and they both knew it. He wasn't
going to give up, but right now he had to focus on absolving himself of
wrong-doing to his master. Despite Severus warning against apparating,
Lucius' pride had taken too many blows already that day. He disappeared
in the blink of an eye.

Harry let out a breath of relief when he was gone. One less thing to
worry about. Alone again, he lit his wand with a lumos charm and jogged
out of the clearing and to the fallen log where he and the others had
first hidden themselves. It took him several tries to find it, there
were so many more fallen trees now, but when he did he found Bobby safe
and sound where he left him.

"Bobby? Bobby? *Enervate,*" he cast. The raven gave a jolt and flopped
around in a panic for a moment, nearly causing Harry to drop him.
"Bobby, calm down! You're okay! You're safe!"

The raven froze.

"What happened?"

"You got hit with a stunner. Actually, its all kind of complicated and I
don't have the time to get into it now. Can you fly?"

"I... I think I can. Yes, I should be able to. At least to the village.
There are safe places to hide until dawn there."

"Good, then go. I don't trust Lucius not to try something."

"General Malfoy is here? Is he the one who stunned me?"

"No, that was Snape."

"Oh... what? What's Snape doing here?"

"He's..." Harry sighed. "I'm sorry, but I don't have the time to explain
it right now. Go to the village and find a place to hide. When it's
safe, find me at Hogwarts and we'll sort this all out. Can you do that?"

"I... yes, I suppose. Are you alright?"

Harry grimaced. He didn't know what he was right now, but alright wasn't
it.

"I'll be okay. Hurry."

He didn't give Bobby time to say anything more, but tossed him into the
air, forcing him to fly or else crash to the ground. The raven gave an
indignant caw but soon disappeared into the night. Then he too
disappeared, and then reappeared outside of Treelafore.

The *Minotaur* stood as a shadow just outside the low stone wall around
the village, nearly invisible in the darkness except for where light
from a nearby lamp post made lines of gold shine along her shiny black
body. The village was quiet, its inhabitant tucked sound asleep in their
beds. Not even a barking dog or an owl to break the silence. It was like
walking into a place where time had suddenly stopped.

This disturbing illusion was soon shattered by Snape appearing from
between a row of houses, carrying a large sack under one arm and stool
under the other. He was soon followed by Lucius carrying a bundle of
sheets and what could have been firewood. He watched curiously as they
carried their loads to the *Minotaur,* and watched as one of the side
loading doors slid open, allowing them to deposit their load and climb
inside. Harry followed after, slipping in behind them before the door
closed.

"Potter, where have you been?" Snape snapped. The answer, however,
seemed less important to him than his current task, and he quickly
ignore him in favor of it.

Inside, Voldemort had been laid rather ignominiously on the floor of the
compartment. This was a necessity, since the compartment was a empty now
as it had been when Harry had come in it. The crates that had been there
previously had been transfigured into some sort of frame and Lucius was
busying himself completing it. Snape was now sorting through his bag,
pulling out items that had clearly been filched from the local
apothecary.

Harry stood there helplessly for a moment.

"Is there anything I can do?" he asked.

"Take off his shirt," Snape said, not looking up from his task. "Clean
him up if you can."

He hesitated, but then did as he was told. Voldemort was still conscious
when he went kneel beside him. He regarded Harry rather blandly, and if
he was in pain he was doing a masterful job of hiding it.

"Where did you get that?" the Dark Lord asked, referring to the sword
that Harry was very carefully using to cut away his shirt. Everything
the blade touched seemed to fall apart as if it were nothing more
substantial than water.

"Gulandri dropped it. The other elves must have forgotten to pick it
up."

"Careless of them. He'll punish someone for that blunder."

"He didn't seem in any condition to punish anyone last I saw him."

A faint smirk broke the blandness of the man's expression.

"You think so? He is too much like me. Even in his current condition, he
will find some means to punish them."

Harry paused, catching some meaning in what he was saying. No, he
refused to be sidetracked. He set the sword aside, removing the shredded
remains remains of his shirt. It was suddenly difficult to breathe. He
knew about the withering arm and the stab to the chest, but now that it
was completely exposed he could see the true extent of the damage even
through the layer of blood and gore. The blackening of his arm was only
few inches from his shoulder and still spreading, the flesh below that
little more than mummified flesh and brittle bone. Then there was the
wound to the chest. Harry had assumed it was *close* to the heart, but
looking directly at it he knew there was no way the blade had missed.
The wound was still open, although bloodless, and through the slivered
opening Harry could see the white of his ribs and below that the faint
movement of the beating heart beneath.

He had to stop for a moment, pull back and breathe. His insides rolled,
and though he hadn't eaten in days his gag reflex tried to force
something out of nothing from inside him. He closed his eyes, counted to
ten and went back to the Dark Lord. Taking out his wand, he carefully
began cleaning and sterilizing the exposed skin, being as gentle as
possible around the open wounds of his chest, shoulder, and arm. When he
got to the Dark Lord's face, he found the man watching him curiously.

"Do you think I couldn't punish you as I am now?" he asked, as if
bemused.

"I would hope you'd wait until I was done before you tried."

That earned him a grin.

"Maybe that is the punishment? It *hurts* you to have to do this,
doesn't it?"

"... Yes."

"But you deserve it, don't you? This is your fault, after all."

Harry grimaces, but nods. He carefully cleans the rest of man's face.
The absence of blood gives him a semblance of normalcy, but somehow
makes the intensity of his stare that much more disconcerting. Maybe
it's the pain talking or a side affect of Snape's spells, but the
cruelty of his words coupled with the softness of his expression was
unbearable.

"Everything is ready, My Lord," Snape said, chasing Harry away from the
Dark Lord's side. There was a feather-lite charm on him already, so
lifting the Dark Lord onto the transfigured gurney was simple enough.
Voldemort closed his eyes and took a deep breath. It was the only sign
he gave that he felt anything at all. Snape finished cleaning and
sterilizing his back before laying him down completely. He turned to the
others.

"You should both go."

Lucius didn't question it, and Harry was ashamed to admit he didn't want
to have to see what he had already guessed was going to happen either.

"Harry stays."

Everyone froze.

"He stays. There is something he must do for me."

They all share a look, but there were no words to argue. What the Dark
Lord wanted the Dark Lord got.

"Wait ten minutes," he continued, directing his orders towards Lucius.
"If Stratus and Kingsley are not back by then, start the train. If
they're alive, they can find their own way back."

"As you command, my Lord."

"Close the door behind you."

The train door slid shut smoothly, sealing them safely inside so that
the only danger were those they presented to each other. Harry moved
himself to the farthest corner he could, hoping to stay out of Snape's
way and if miracles existed, be completely forgotten. If they did exist,
he had apparently used up his quota.

"We need to remove the arm first," Snape said. "I've manage to stop the
venom from spreading any further but it's only a temporary. It will eat
through the magic shortly."

"I know. I want Harry to do it. With the sword. I think that would be
appropriate."

Snape didn't know what to say to that except perhaps 'you're crazy' and
that wouldn't have been helpful to anyone. He turned to Harry who looked
healthily horrified. It seemed there were some things he wouldn't jump
into without thinking after all.

"I don't know if that's a good idea," he said instead. After a beat, he
added. "He might miss."

"I don't expect him to have to *swing*. The sword is lined in mithral.
He need only press lightly and it will cut clean through."

"I could-"

"But he *must.* Stop questioning me, Severus. It's unhealthy."

There was nothing more to say then. The potions master looked back to
Harry who was now white as a sheet, and felt something akin to pity and
also an understanding behind the Dark Lord's logic. This was perhaps the
worst punishment Voldemort could give to Harry, the one thing that might
actually force him to *learn*from his mistakes. They could make him do a
thousand unpleasant takes, ground him until he was ninety, and cast
cruciatus on his for hours and none of it would have the impact of
forcing the boy to hurt someone he cared about. It was brilliant like so
many of Voldemort's customized tortures were.

"Potter," he said, making his tone sharp and commanding. "Get over
here."

Harry shook his head. He wasn't going to do this. They couldn't make him
do it. Voldemort lifted his head, glaring at his stubborn protege.

"If you don't get over here and cut off this useless lump immediately, I
am going to kill both Stratus and Kingsley when they get back, *just*to
relieve stress."

Harry felt like he was going to be sick. Like he should have been sick
already, but somehow he didn't think that would stop Voldemort from
making good on his promise. Clearly, he was a lot angrier with him that
he had originally made out or perhaps now that he was losing an *arm* he
was regretting his decision to attempt to rescue Harry at all. So he
forced himself to move forward, knowing whatever happened next, the Dark
Lord was right. He *deserved* this.

"... I don't know how to..." he started, but stopped. He couldn't even
say it.

"I will position the sword," Snape said briskly. "You only need to push
down sharply. I will take care of things after that. As long as you can
manage to not cut off your own leg, it should be fine."

"Yeah... okay."

He dried his sweaty palms on his shirt and readjusted his grip on the
handle. The sword was lighter than the average sword, even lighter than
the Sword of Gryffindor, being Elven crafted but it felt incredibly
heavy as he lifted it. Snape moved the withered arm out perpendicular
from Voldemort's body and rested it on a partially transfigured stool,
now curved in a slight 'U' shape so that the arm wouldn't just roll away
when it came free. Snape unstrapped the belt tourniquet and used it to
strap the limb down, just in case.

By now the blade was shaking in Harry's hands, and the impromptu surgeon
was even more skeptical than before.

"Are you *absolutely* sure about this," he asked the Dark Lord. Their
patient wasn't even looking at the sword or his own arm. He was looking
at Harry's face and committing it to memory.

"Absolutely."

Snape took a deep breath. Harry didn't think he could breathe at all. He
watched as the headmaster carefully grabs the sides of the blade between
his thumb and forefinger and pushed it down towards the arm, letting it
hover just above the line of reddish-purple between the blackened limb
and the fleshy body. The moment he let go, Harry's shaking hands caused
the blade to dance back and forth, and Snape caught it again.

"*Potter*, we really don' t have time for this. I need you to calm
down."

"I know. I *know.*I'm trying. It's.. it's really heavy."

"If you can't keep it still, you're going to miss the mark and either
cut too high or too low. Cut to high and he's going to bleed out in
seconds. Cut too low and you'll have to do it again. Do you understand?"

"I... yes...I... Merlin, I can't breathe."

"Can I give him a calming draught, at least? He's about to have an
attack," Snape asked the Dark Lord.

"There's no time. I can feel it starting to spread."

Harry and Snape looked down, and sure enough the line of bruised purple
moved ever so slightly upwards.

"Shit, *shit,*" Harry cursed. Doing nothing was making things worse.
What if he wasted too much time and it spread into his chest cavity?
That wasn't something they could just hack off! "Okay, okay, I'm ready,
just..."

Snape repositioned the blade, pushing it down further this time so that
it cut through the first fragile layers of skin.

"Push, Potter! Push it down now!"

He started, and then in a panic shoved down hard. Snape's inappropriate
joke about not cutting off his own leg turned out not to be a joke at
all. As the blade cut through, smoother than anything he'd ever seen, it
kept going and he fell forward, nearly hitting himself. He threw himself
backwards to stop himself, over compensated and nearly vivisected Snape
in the process. He landed on his back, and the sword skittered out of
his hand and across the compartment. There was no attempt to go after
it. He was liking it a lot less then he originally thought.

There wasn't any time to think after that. He could only lay there,
listening as the Dark Lord who had been so composed and docile a moment
before was now spitting out the vilest of curses into the universe in
that tell-tale sibilant hiss of parseltongue. Snape was struggling to
keep him still and treat the bleed wound, which looked something like a
man trying to hold down small dragon and juggle at the same time. For an
instant, Harry thought he had cut too high or at a wrong angle, but the
blood wasn't gushing out in the wild burst the potions master described
but a sporadic splatter that was quickly painting the floor and the Dark
Lord himself.

"My Lord!" Severus cried, still trying to hold him down by his shoulder
with only minimal success. The wound on his chest and shoulder had
reopened and were gushing more than his arm, soaking the man and the
gurney beneath him within seconds. "You must be still! Please! Hold
still! Potter, get over here!"

Harry stumbled to his feet. He was shaking and light-headed, but here
was something that needed to done and that he could focus on, and
nothing fought off his panic attacks like a goal. His first thought was
to try and hold down Voldemort's shoulders like Snape was doing, but
that was ridiculous. If a man of Snape's side could barely manage it,
then he certainly couldn't. So he climbed up on top of the gurney,
straddling the Dark Lord and using his weight rather than his muscles to
hold him down. It was fortunate he had excellent balance, because it
seemed the Dark Lord was trying to throw him off. All the while, he kept
spitting out the vilest words a forked tongue had ever spoken.

"What's he saying, Potter?"

"Er... basically... ow ow ow and then you know... swearing."

"Fantastic. Try to keep him still."

Harry didn't know how to keep him still. He was having a hard enough
time just staying on top of him. He could feel the Dark Lord's magic
radiating outwards in cold, dark tendrils and making his blood feel like
acid to the touch. It was becoming hard to breath again, not because he
was panicking but because the air itself seemed to be flowing out of the
room as Voldemort's magic rose to defend itself.

There was suddenly blow to the side of his head that sent him flying.
When Harry opened his again, it was to silence and Snape's face staring
dourly down at him. And a serious headache.

"Ugh... what happened? Is he okay?"

"He is stable and conscious. His magic knocked you clear across the
compartment. Fortunately, we've already determined that you have high
tolerance for that sort of abuse. Can you stand?"

"Do I have to?" he groaned, because he would be perfectly happy to go
back to unconsciousness.

"Yes. He's asking for you."

"Yeah, okay. Give me hand up?"

Snape did help him, which was fortunate because if he hadn't known he
suffered a blow to the head before he could certainly tell now. His
vision swam and settled then swam again as he took his first step. After
the third step, he was mostly sorted and manage to let go of Snape to
walk the remaining half dozen steps to the gurney. The white sheets were
coated with blood, but the man laying on top of them was clean once
again with pristine whine gauze encircling his chest and the small stump
that remained of his left arm. He was also looking back at Harry with
that same cool, slightly bemused expression he had had before.

"I trust I didn't damage you too badly?" Voldemort asked, eying him from
head to foot and not quite certain of his conclusion.

"I'll survive. How about you?"

"I'll survive, as well. Most of me at least."

"Is there nothing that can be done to get it back?" he asked, looking
pointedly to the limb that someone seemed to have shriveled even more
during the minutes he had been knocked unconscious. It did not even look
real or at least not human. The Dark Lord spare it a disinterested
glance. Harry couldn't seem to turn away from it.

"Nothing worth the effort. I have other options. Do not concern yourself
over it."

"I'm sorry."

God, that sounded like such a stupid, useless thing to say after what
had happened. It always sounded so useless, but some how essential. He
felt Voldemort's hand on his arm, drawing his attention back to him.

"I know. Your punishment is over. I forgive you."

A hitch caught in Harry's throat and he couldn't speak, was coming
dangerously close to crying which was completely absurd. After
everything that had happened, he wanted to cry once the worst was over?
He tried to wipe his eyes but stopped when he realized his hands were
covered in blood. And they felt oddly numb.

"You need to wash that off," Voldemort said, suddenly more earnest. "My
blood is toxic enough on its own, I can't imagine having naga venom
added to the mix has lessened the dangers."

"Ah, shit."

"Aptly put. Have one of the others take care of it. Your hands are
shaking."

"Did Kingsley and Stratus make it back?"

"I can't say I've been up to check," he replied.

"Er... right. I'll go... figure something out."

"Try one compartment down," Snape said. He was already focused on
grinding ingredients for some sort of potion, and not looking at either
of them. "There should be a lavatory there to wash off the blood if you
don't find anyone."

"Thanks."

He moved away and as he did, the room swayed a bit but now that his
senses were a little clearer he realized it was because they were
moving. The train had taken off without him realizing it and was now on
its way to Bristol. He was going home. He felt the urge to cry again,
and he understood now it was out relief and laughed a little at himself.
Merlin, he was so incredibly tired.

But he had to get clean first.

---

Snape did look up from his work when he heard Harry move into the next
car. His work was far from over for the night, and he couldn't afford to
be idle. He wasn't such a novice however, that he couldn't speak and
prepare ingredients at the same time.

"I suppose you had your reasons," he said, "But that seemed rather
pointless. There are far less painful and dramatic ways to take off an
arm."

Voldemort chuckled softly.

"Indeed. There are countless curses and spells that could have achieved
the same affect, but then you must have realized I did not do it just to
remove the limb."

"Yes. I just don't know what motivated you, except to torment Potter,
which while fun, again there are a lot less painful ways of achieving."

"Quite, but there are far fewer ways to maintain his dependence on me."

"Dependence? This was about curving his independent streak?"

"I know we've discussed if before. He's only becoming as he gets older.
He is already more self-reliant than most wizards twice his age. More
self-motivated than most wizards will ever be in their entire lives. It
makes him very difficult to control."

"So this about control?"

"No. There is no controlling Harry. I don't particularly *want* to
control him. What I do want, however, is to keep him focused. All that
independence and self-motivation I want directed towards... me. Towards
my goals and my ideas and my well-being."

Snape nearly dropped his pestle.

"I don't mean like *that,*Severus. It would be so easy for him to get
distracted and find some cause to follow. Something that would lead him
away from his true potential or even to bring him into conflict with
myself. This... this was all about reasserting exactly how much he owes
me, and how much he will *always* owe me."

"That sounds an awful lot like trying to control him."

"Control implies I would have some means of determining his actions.
That's not the case. He always has and always will surprise me with how
he fulfills his sense of obligation. The fiasco with the werewolves was
a perfect example of that. There are some things I will always be able
to *make* him do, but it is the actions he takes under his own
initiative that have the most dramatic affect."

"It certainly had a dramatic affect tonight," Snape said with a touch
more irony than was probably appropriate.

"Loosing my arm was my own fault. I should have known better than to
handle a naga so carelessly. If it hadn't been for that, I would have
been able to defeat Gulandri easily and this all would have been an
amusing tale to tell at the next Christmas party."

"And yet, you never would have had to deal with either the naga or the
elf if Potter hadn't disobeyed your orders to never enter Ireland
without your supervision."

"A matter I am still rather confused about. How did he get here in the
first place with *Minotaur* and his own squardron?"

*Shit,*Snape mentally cursed. He hadn't meant to bring that up yet.

"That... is a very good question."

"And one you do not wish to tell me."

"It is... complicated."

"Hhhmm... I am going to have to punish you after this, aren't I?"

"... That's entirely up to your discretion. I would ask that you wait
until the full explanation is given... And you've recovered."

Voldemort chuckled. It should have been reassuring, but having just
witness the Dark Lord smiling away while he psychologically tormented
his protege he did not find it encouraging.

"I am sure you would."

---

Tom watched the streaks of red and black swirl and mix before
disappearing down into the darkness of the sink drain. It was
hypnotizing or perhaps he was too close to physical and psychological
exhaustion. Sleep sounded magnificent. Food sounded even better. Being
clean would have been a minor comfort, but he would take what he could
get. Stratus' wand was gone, probably forever, and he wasn't going to
ask Lucius for help. His 'superior' was currently pacing a line into the
floor, and wasn't in any state to help anyone. So that left good old
fashion soap and water. Not as good as magic, but not a bad method for
attaining cleanliness. Or at least it wouldn't be if he had an actual
tub or shower and a change of clothes.

He supposed he would get those soon enough. Bristol was only a short
trip from here, and whether he went back to headquarters or his own
quarters, there would be all the necessities. Assuming he wasn't
immediately thrown in prison. He thought he might have dodged the bullet
on that one. The Dark Lord might not have said it, but he thought he had
impressed him when he organized their escape. He wasn't expecting
accolades by any means, having failed his primary mission of protecting
Harry, but Voldemort would remember him from now on and not entirely
with negativity.

And of course, now Harry knew him too.

Well, he knew 'Reggy'. Definitely a start in the right direction.

There was a light tap at the lavatory door. He bit down his irritation.
He was no where near getting clean, but there wasn't much more he could
do.

"Just a moment," he said, and slid the door open.

Harry stood there covered in blood from the splatters across his face,
to his soak shirt front, and gore coated hands.

"Merlin! What the hell happened to you?"

The boy blinked at him owlishly.

"It's not mine."

Well, that was a relief. Whose then? Oh... *oh*. It seemed Voldemort
hadn't fared as well as Lucius had implied.

"It's good to see you made it back in time. Can I use the sink? There's
naga venom mixed in this and I'm starting to loose feeling in my
fingers."

Tom quickly moved out of his way letting Harry slip inside. Lucius was
no longer in the compartment, so he was probably checking on Voldemort.
Kinglsey and the untainted witch, he now knew as Fiona McDier, were
already asleep, leaning against each other on the far wall. He and Harry
were essentially alone.

"Thank you for sending the patronus. We were all lost in the woods by
the time it found us."

"I'm glad it helped," he said, politely. There was an extreme tiredness
to his friend's voice and body language, as if he were mere moments from
falling asleep on his feet. Tom could sympathize, but he couldn't let
this chance to speak with him pass.

"How are you Harry?"

The boy had managed to turn on the tap but was struggling through
handling the slippery soap with his mostly useless fingers. Tom wanted
to offer to help, but Harry had his pride and he wouldn't make him
compromise it.

"I should be asking you that," he said, not turning around. "You just
survived being held prisoner by the fae for... however many days it was
and then lost all but one of your soldiers."

"Like you said, Harry, we're soldiers. Death is a risk we accepted when
we took the job. I regret the loss of my people, but this is hardly the
first time I've lost men to a battle. When I was just a foot soldier,
most of my squad was killed during the invasion of Berlin."

"Except that your men aren't really dead in this case."

"Dead. Lost. However you want to look at it, there's no helping them."

"You sound like you don't care."

"I can't afford to care about the dead or the lost, Harry. I have to
care about the living first, the ones you can actually do something for.
It's something you learn out on the battlefield. It's something you're
going to have to learn too."

Harry had finally managed to get a grip on the soap and was rubbing
vigorously over his hands and arms, like a surgeon prepping for an
operation. The scrubbed his face with his soapy hands as well, before
rinsing all of it off again.

"So I should just forget about what happened? Dead and gone, after all,"
he asked, a tightness in his voice that was quickly falling into anger.
Tom had to tread carefully.

"Not all of us are dead and gone."

The soap fell with a clatter to the floor. Harry's previously numb
fingers were now clutched tightly to rim of the basin, and his entire
body taught as a cord even as his head hung down. Tom couldn't see
Harry's face in the mirror anymore, but he could almost imagine it.

"Goddess... how can you not hate me?"

"Why would I hate you?"

The boy turned to him, and if Tom had a heart it would surely break at
the haunted look in his eyes. He tried to shout but the only thing that
came out was a strangled;

"This is my fault!"

Tom tilted his head. He understood Harry's logic and he vaguely
understood that guilt under these circumstances was probably normal, but
honestly it seemed irrelevant who or how it all started. It had
happened. Nevertheless, it seemed to bother him, so he would try his
best to alleviate some his torment.

"This was inevitable," Tom said, catching him off guard. "I don't know
what Gulandri told you while you were under his... care, as it were, but
when he spoke to me just after our capture, he made it pretty clear he
had intended something like this all along. He wanted to kill Lord
Voldemort and he would have eventually found a way to lure him into
Hausteheim, with or without you. In fact, if it hadn't been for you
ruining all his plans, he might have actually succeeded."

Unlikely, but still possible.

Harry clearly hadn't considered this, or perhaps he had never known
Gulandri's plans were not merely an exploitable opportunity Harry had
given him. He was frowning, but now it seemed more thoughtful. Another
exploitable opportunity Harry was providing, and Tom wasn't going to
pass it up.

"Listen, Harry. I'm *happy* that I was here for what happened. I'm happy
I got to help stop a plot against the leader of Britain. I'm proud I got
to fight beside you, and see all those stories about your
resourcefulness and bravery were true. I'd do it all again if I had to."

He might have gone a bit overboard there, because now Harry looked
overwhelmed and if though he might tip over at any moment. But even as
he started to reach for him, the boy reoriented himself and
straightened.

"Goddess, you deserve a promotion."

Tom smiled at that.

"I wouldn't object to a good word here or there. I wouldn't worry about
it though. The general needs me where I am."

There was another flash of guilt there, although he couldn't determine
the source. It was gone as quickly as it appeared, and Harry was smiling
again. Weakly, but it was a start.

"Thank you. I- I'm way too tired to do it properly, but *thank you*."

"You're welcome. You should dry off," he said, and handed him a towel
hanging by the door. Harry accepted it, burying his wet face into it
before moving to his hands. The smile was gone now, and he seemed
distracted once again.

"Thanks, again. I should check back with Lord Voldemort. He'll have
questions."

"You should sleep," Tom said. "I'm sure he'll understand."

"Maybe, but no point in taking chances. Besides, I owe it to him."

Tom would have happily told him he didn't owe the man shit, but held it
back. It was clear from Harry's expression that he wasn't saying this
solely because he felt obligated. He *wanted* to do it. A spike of
jealousy shot through him as Harry slid past him and headed towards the
next compartment. He had just managed to undo most of the guilt Harry
felt over the circumstances, and here the boy was running back to the
man who had made him feel guilty in the first place! It was unfair and
ridiculous. Why did Voldemort get Harry's undivided attention? Why did
he get the respect and affection?

Alright, he had to admit Voldemort going into a faerie land to rescue
the boy deserved some consideration, but hadn't Tom himself done the
same? Not really, now that he thought about it. Honestly, he had nothing
to complain about and given the circumstances Harry's fealty wasn't
something he should be angry about.

But he was. He *hated*it. Or rather hated that it wasn't his. He had
done so many things to protect Harry that the boy never knew about and
all Voldemort seemed capable of was using him shamelessly, and still he
was preferred! To Harry he was nothing but a kind stranger. He didn't
know that the man standing before him was Tom, the dear friend he had
admitted to worrying about even after years had passed. Would Harry be
so quick to run back to his precious Dark Lord if he knew the man was
responsible for the murder of his friend? If he knew all his terrible
secrets?

But then, why ruin it, when he planned to take the Dark Lord's place
himself? One day the connection that Voldemort and Harry shared would
his, just like everything else.

It was only a matter of time now.