# Royal Amusements

"I need your help," Ron said, and Harry contemplated turning around and
stabbing him through the eye with his wand. It was not so much the
Slytherin's request as his request on top of *everything else* over the
last two weeks. He was heading to the library for a much needed study
session, after a two hour mediation between Sentinel Seitler and Mayor
Pitwick about the mobility of villagers in and out of the castle and the
ability to bring in supplies themselves. Harry thought it was a sad
state of affairs when two grown men needed a sixteen year old present to
keep things civil and fair, but that seemed to be the flavor of things
these days.

In addition to his job as liaison, Harry was also working with Vector to
design a research project, under a lot of pressure to go for the
Captain's position in Dueling Club that year by the student body, trying
to catch up on his studies, and preparing for a trip to France. He did
*not* need Ron making requests on time and energy he didn't have. He
took a deep breath and let it out slowly.

"With what?" he asked, not turning around or slowing down.

"I found the book."

Harry looked around the hall to make sure no one was listening. They
were in the buffer zone between Hogsmeade Hall and the rest of the
school, so there was no one in sight.

"You need me to help perform a ritual, then?"

"No… well, yes, but I need help getting the book first."

"I thought you said-"

"I *found* the book, but I don't *have* it. It's at the National Public
Library of Wizardry in London."

"Huh. Lucky the Culties took control of the city then."

"Yeah, well, the library isn't open yet. It won't be for months. I have
no way to request it be sent here."

Harry considered the dilemma for a moment. He finally stopped and looked
back at Ron, who was sort of grimacing.

"You can't wait till Christmas break or even until they are open again?
You haven't been coughing …"

The Weasley boy shook his head.

"No, the sage has been helping with that… but… I haven't eaten in two
days."

Harry studied him for a long moment. Ron was looked tired, perhaps more
so than could be explained by student life. His eyes were shadowed and
red rimmed, his skin pale and chapped, and if he looked closely enough
he thought the other might have lost some weight.

"I can't keep anything down. I vomited an anti-vomting potion. How the
hell does that work?" Ron said, grimacing at the memory. "And there's
more."

He pulled up the sleeve of his robe to show Harry his forearm, which was
now mottled with yellow and green bruises.

"I've got some on by back and legs too. I don't know what it's from."

Harry felt his mouth go dry. Cautiously, he reached out to the exposed
skin, letting his fingers hover over it. His magus hypersentia
interpreted it as an oily, clammy sensation and if he were to touch it
directly he felt certain it would be like touching maggoty meat. He
quickly withdrew his hand. Ron was rotting from the inside out. He
schooled his expression before he spoke.

"I'll see what I can do about the book. In the meantime, you need to see
if the school library has anything on purification rituals. It worked
for your lungs; it might help with the rest of your body for a while at
least."

Ron nodded eagerly.

"Yeah, okay, I can do that. Thanks…um… I owe you one."

"I think you owe me more than one," Harry pointed out blandly, and
started walking away. He just barely caught the look of annoyance and
frustration out of the corner of his eye, but it was enough. It wasn't
particularly nice of him to be pushing the other's buttons, particularly
not when his life depended upon his clemency, but he couldn't help
deriving a sense of satisfaction from aggravating the other even as he
lent his assistance. He may have changed his mind about helping Ron, but
that didn't make them friends and it certainly didn't mean Harry had to
like him.

---

It wasn't until a few days later that Harry came up with a possible
method of obtaining the necessary book for Ron. The Slytherin must have
found something in his research of purification rituals, because he was
eating by dinnertime. Only fruit and crackers, but still eating.

He was talking with Vector about pagan rituals and what he knew of the
significance of the geometric patterns and shapes (which was
considerably less than he thought after she grilled him on the subject),
when it became clear there was going to be some preliminary research
required. That was when Harry got an idea.

"You know, Professor, I haven't found much in the Hogwarts library about
this sort of thing, but the National Library in London has an extensive
collection of rare and ancient texts. I am sure they have a lot of what
we're looking for."

"You may be right, Mr. Potter, but I don't know if they're up and
running yet. I hear the university won't be open until next semester,
and they are part of the same consortium," Vector said, looking
thoughtful.

"I might be able to pull a few strings. I have travel arrangements for
next weekend. I doubt it would take much to detour through London on my
way back."

At this, the arithmancy teacher gave him an appraising stare.

"They could probably benefit from the publicity. I can get the contact
information of the library director for you if you like."

"That would be very helpful, thank you."

"No, Mr. Potter. Thank you."

After running his intentions by Professor Slughorn, who had nothing but
praise for Harry's initiative, the arrangements were made and Harry was
feeling rather pleased with himself. His plans all seemed to be coming
together, despite the chaos of his day to day life. The universe seemed
to be oddly in step with him lately, and in a turn of good fortune he
received two letters the following Thursday from not only his godfathers
but also the Weasley twins.

The letter from his godfathers was written in its usual humorous duality
of two men with very different personalities vying for attention, and
despite a few vague references to skirmishes with the local wizards at
some of the colonies, everything seemed to be going well. The Weasley
twins had a similar style of writing, but unlike his godfathers were
nothing but butterflies and rainbows it seemed. Their pub, one of only
two that had remained open for the entirety of the London siege (and how
this was possible Harry couldn't even fathom) was now bursting at the
seams with new customers. They were something like local legends and had
appeared twice in the papers, and it seemed no one could come back into
London without visiting at least once for a pint and the latest news
around town. Harry hoped he would somehow find the opportunity to swing
by to see them while he was in London.

Despite the relatively optimistic future that was presenting itself,
Harry knew his luck couldn't hold out for much longer, and when the Sr.
Dueling Club competition rolled around Thursday evening (it was supposed
to have been the previous Friday but had to be postponed) he was proven
correct.

The entire school seemed to have shown up, crowded into the bleachers
along the wall or else crowding the floor in battle gear. Before the
match, Harry was clustered with Angelina, Draco, and the other members
who still held some sort of rank.

"I swear to God if you throw the match to me intentionally," Angelina
growled, "I will *find* ways to make you suffer."

Harry fought the distinct urge to pout. He was faced with a conundrum.
He didn't want to be Dueling Club Captain, but he certainly didn't want
to quit, piss off Angelina, or make it obvious he lost intentionally to
a weaker opponent in front of the entire school. Draco was quick to make
an offer.

"*I* on the other hand, wouldn't mind in the slightest. I'll even let
you pick the spell you want me to use."

Harry considered. Angelina slapped him upside the head.

"What is wrong with you?"

"I don't want to be captain," he whined like a five-year old.

"Merlin, you're pretentious. You honestly think you winning is a sure
thing?"

He smirked. Someone snickered. She rolled her eyes.

"I never thought I would wish Ronald Weasley was back on the team, but
at least you took him seriously. Where the hell is he, anyway? I though
his suspension was over."

Recalling Ron brought to mind bruised skin and rotting. Not something
Harry wanted to linger on.

"He's been sick."

A pause. Draco frowned.

"He's been acting wonky for a while now. You think he's on something?"

Angelina gave him an exasperated look.

"He's your dorm mate. Shouldn't you know?"

"Why? If he's taking illegal potions he'd have the good sense not to
show off. You'd be surprised how often that sort of thing slips anyone's
notice."

Harry, through intense will, did not squirm.

Soon enough, the matches began and he did not have the time or the focus
to decide exactly what he was going to do, be it lose to Draco or just
win and accept another time consuming position. His matches were all
predictably easy to win in one to three spells. Most of his opponents
seemed resigned to losing to him from the start, and he equally resigned
to win.

And then, a sort of miracle occurred.

Michael Allbright[^121-1], a slip of a boy in Hufflepuff whom Harry had
mentored during his first painful year in Jr. Dueling Club, took the
platform. He wasn't particularly powerful and when he had first started
he had a tendency to freeze up under intimidation, but he had stuck it
out and Harry could honestly say he liked him.

Which was why, when he found himself staring up at the ceiling after a
blasting hex knocked him clean off the platform, he managed a laugh. A
painful, breathless laugh, but an honest laugh just the same.

"Harry!" Allbright's terrified face was suddenly hovering over him. "Are
you okay? I'm *so* sorry! Don't kill me!"

He just smiled, and that seemed to frighten the fourth year even more.
Angelina popped into view, smirking down at him.

"You fly beautifully, Potter. Pity you weren't on a broom this time."

"Heh, heh… that didn't go quite as expected. I didn't know you knew that
spell, Allbright." He raised both his hands and let them pull him to his
feet. He swayed a little, but managed to keep upright. There was
applause from the crowd, and Allbright blushed.

"Er… it was… you know… my secret weapon."

"And I'm honored to have been on the receiving end of it."

He gave him a pat on the back, which only served to stun him further.

"You're not mad?"

"Absolutely not. I'm relieved. I hope you have another 'secret weapon'
though, because now you have a match with Angelina, and she won't be
caught off guard like I was."

And of course, Angelina did wipe the floor with Allbright *and* Draco,
holding onto her position as captain for another year. Harry's good
humor over his defeat by a fourth year was currently freaking out his
teammates, and they were speculating on how long it would take before
Allbright met with an unfortunate 'accident' when no one was looking.
Even Hermione was looking at him worriedly, and checking him for signs
of a concussion.

It was late by the time the competition was over, and a brief ceremony
was held to inform the winners of their new positions. Harry had lost
his rank as Vice Captain to Draco, but he doubted it would mean much in
the long run. If he were lucky, people might actually avoid him for a
while, but they'd be back soon enough. His loss was more of a fluke than
anything, and pretty soon others would realize that as well.

"I'm sorry you didn't make captain," Ira said afterwards, as he walked
her back to the dungeons. Snape and she had both been to the
competition, watching with everyone else just as they would if it had
been a Quidditch match, but only Ira had stayed long enough to speak
with him. Snape not sticking around to tease him over his defeat gave
Harry an uneasy feeling he was trying very hard to ignore.

"Don't worry about it. I don't have the time for that sort of thing
these days anyway. It'll be nice to get away from the responsibility for
a while. How are you doing? I've seen you around the castle a lot more
these days, but we don't get a lot of opportunities to talk."

She smiled a little, but it still held that melancholy from his first
visit.

"Severus has been really busy, so I've been trying to help… I don't know
how much good I'm doing though."

Harry offered her a reassuring smile.

"You mean you don't know how much he appreciates it. Trust me. Even if
he's being a short tempered jerk sometimes, he needs someone to look
after him. And house elves don't count. They're terrified of him."

Her smile became a little more genuine at that.

"Apparently they're not the only ones. You've been avoiding him lately."

"Er… more like we've been avoiding each other."

"Why is that? Did you have a fight?"

"No, nothing like that. I just cause him a lot of stress most of the
time. I doubt he wants to handle me on top of everything else."

They walked along quietly for a while longer. It was obvious Ira had
something else to say, but she was struggling with it and by the time
they reached the tapestry leading to her rooms, she had given up and let
it go.

---

The school was buzzing over the Dueling competition results the next
day, and not a little of that buzzing was around Harry's own defeat by
the wand of a virtual unknown. The 'Harry-Hater' Club finally made
itself obnoxious enough to reach his attention by posting flyers around
the school of his ignominious defeat. He wasn't finding it nearly as
amusing as he had last night. Gritting his teeth and smiling through it,
however, was the best defense he had at the moment.

The teachers were indignant for the most part of this rather mean
spirited prank. Harry didn't appreciate their sympathy towards him. It
only served as fuel for the unsympathetic student body to mock and
ridicule. All Harry could do was keep smiling, smiling, smiling.

"It's interesting, isn't it?" Draco said as they made their way to
lunch, his voice carrying loud and clear over the whispers and snickers.
"How the only ones who seem to think this is at all funny, are those too
pathetic to actually cut it in dueling club themselves?"

The embarrassed silence that followed lasted almost through the entire
lunch period, and despite not having scored the hit himself Harry found
his smile a little more genuine. This lasted until the last class of the
day, when he learned from an inappropriately amused Draco, that his
little comment during lunch had launched the beginnings of a school wide
civil war between Dueling Club and the 'loser' population of the school.

Because now, if you weren't in Dueling Club, that was what you were.

Dinner that night was held in murderous silence as three quarters of the
school glared death at the 'winners', and quietly began to prepare for
war. The teachers looked on from the head table with a nervous sort of
tension. Headmaster Snape glared damnation at Harry as he read prophecy
in the unspoken. It was a rather unfortunate way of regaining the
headmaster's attention.

The pranks started Saturday morning.

---

"Sneezing powder? Honestly, you would have thought we had been invaded
by eight year olds!" Hermione muttered, gathering up the sparkly blue
powder at the end of her wand into an ever growing sphere. Someone had
tossed a sneezing powder bomb into a corner of the library used
primarily for duelists and upper level DA&D students. The recipients of
said attack, along with Ms. Pince, were currently in the infirmary
getting wiped down and dosed with an antidote, while prefects worked to
clean up and contain the mess.

Harry tagged along out of curiosity… and honest sense of self
preservation. He had avoided a number of the nastier pranks by the skin
of his teeth, and had made a habit of being in the company of a prefect
whenever possible. Between the stairs being charmed to go absolutely
*nowhere*, his disappearing textbooks, the breakfast that tasted like
sand, the small horde of Cornish pixies let loose in the Gryffindor
common room at two in the morning (people where still scratching their
heads trying to figure out where they came from in the first place) and
the unfortunate hex floating around that made everyone shout at the top
of their lungs when they spoke, Harry was starting to feel a bit
paranoid.

He wished the twins were around, if only because they would have
appreciated the chaos. Probably made it worse too, but he liked to think
he wouldn't have been in that path of destruction.

Fortunately, he was leaving for France in an hour and would have a few
days reprieve, although what he was going to find when he returned he
was afraid to even speculate.

"Sorry about all this, Hermione," he said, guiltily. She just shook her
head.

"You didn't do anything to warrant this. Merlin, even Draco's comment
didn't warrant this. It's just… I don't know. Everyone's been so tense
since the attack and this is their way of letting off steam and retaking
control."

Harry nodded in agreement. This all did seem a bit over the top for a
snide comment, particularly since Draco didn't seem to be on the
receiving end of anymore pranks than anyone else.

"Are you done packing?" she asked offhandedly.

"Almost. I should probably go finish. Make sure no ones cursed my
toothbrush."

"Good luck in Paris. Stay safe," she said, hugging him tightly before
letting him go. It was fortunate he left when he did, because his
toothbrush *did* have a curse on it but more importantly he had goodbyes
to give, packages that needed to be sent, contact information he needed
to gather, security matters to discuss with Seitler, an itinerary to
review, and a number of other things that made him feel like he was a
politician about to go on a campaign. A really shady politician.

Voldemort would have been proud.

---

"God never intended us to use magic, you know," Lucius slurred, leaning
over the map of Italy. "If He did, He never would have made potions
taste so awful. He really wants us all to be alcoholics. That's why
liquor tastes so fucking good."

To prove he was a pious man, he took another gulp of whisky. He wasn't
normally a whisky drinker, but as of late it was the only thing that
seemed to help with the headaches. Stratus nodded dutifully, but didn't
look up from the pile of intelligence reports he was sorting through.
Lucius clamped down on his irritation. He had told the man to do it,
after all, because while whisky helped with his headaches, it didn't
help with his paperwork.

"God hates me," he said melodramatically, knowing how stupid that
sounded even as he said it. It didn't matter. Only Stratus was there and
he wouldn't tell anyone else about it. He was a loyal Hufflepuff if ever
he met one, and while that was somewhat sickening to him he could at
least acknowledge the usefulness of his discretion. "I should become a
pagan. It looks like a bloody riot. And pagan's don't die. God hates
them, but He can't do squat to them. Look at Voldemort. Ch'. Look at
*Potter*. Could throw him in a bloody volcano and he'd still come back."

Stratus actually looked up, a curious expression on his face.

"You don't care for Mr. Potter?"

"I *despise* him."

"And yet, you've been trying to recruit him, as well. What would you do
if you had him under your thumb?"

"I'd despise him a little less. I could tolerate him well enough if his
cheekiness were directed at the Italians instead of me. He hates me you
know. He's jealous."

"Jealous, sir?"

"Of my life. You think he's got his act together? He's a bloody mess. He
wishes he were me. Had my position, my wealth, my *control*. I'm in
complete control," he sneered, and took another swallow. The burning
sensation down his throat and into his stomach was a delicious sort of
pain, and in the moment of vague disorientation that followed he felt
the throbbing pain behind his eyes ease into a dull pressure.

He needed to eat. He was going to be sick later if he didn't, but he
wasn't inclined to move from behind his desk. He would send Stratus for
something as soon as he could think of what he could possibly stomach at
the moment. Food didn't sound particularly appealing, and hadn't for
some time. It was his secretary's fault. Every time he had her pick up a
meal for him, he always ended up getting sick off whatever she brought
back. He was having her investigated for possibly attempting to poison
him, but so far no one had turned up anything.

He still didn't trust her, however, and had been relying more heavily on
Stratus because of it. Well, that and he was so tired lately. Physically
and mentally. He didn't have the energy to deal with his staff and their
general incompetence, and their cringing was even more blatant and
annoying than usual over the last month. Despite his success in London,
barely anyone had congratulated him. They took him for granted.

"He'll learn his place soon enough. If he'd stop being such a brat, he
might even enjoy himself. I'd let him fight in Italy. He could kill them
to his murderous heart's content for all I care."

"He seems a bit young for that," Stratus said cautiously, watching his
superior closely.

"Well, obviously he's not. If he could do it in Germany, he could do it
in Italy."

Lucius let out a little laugh as he imagined it. Italians running around
screaming about the devil and Potter cackling like a loon as he rampaged
through the streets. Ah to be young again.

"Ah… yes, sir, I suppose you are right. I finished these if you want to
sign off on them," the soldier said, walking across the office to hand
him a stack of forms. Almost immediately, the general felt even more
exhausted. He hated paperwork, even if all he had to do was write his
signature. He poured himself another glass, and settled in to get some
actual work done.

Stratus retreated to his end of the room to work through the remaining
pile of reports. He kept his expression neutral, although a sliver of a
smile escaped as he glanced at the general. Lucius' physical and mental
deterioration was becoming increasingly apparent. The rambling, the
inability to focus, the headaches, and lack of appetite were all signs.
Nothing dramatic enough to draw much attention even from Malfoy himself,
but enough where he was forced to rely on his new, oh-so-very-helpful
assistant to get things done. The more his body and mind failed him the
more reliant on 'Stratus' he became, and the more Tom learned of the
Dark Lord's plans.

Slowly, but surely, it was all coming together.

---

The trip to France was one of Harry's better travel experiences, if a
bit dull. Professor Slughorn and he were two of a handful of passengers
in the first class coach, which looked rather like a miniature luxury
hotel lobby and restaurant, complete with obscenely comfortable seating
and a five star waiting staff to indulge their every whim. Seitler
prowled the car once, then promptly left to search for potential threats
elsewhere on the train. Slughorn went off to engage the few other
passengers in conversation, while Harry contented himself by making
sketches for art class projects and studying his animagi guide. Things
were so busy at school he hadn't been able to do much in either subject,
and fully intended to make productive use of his time away. When he sent
Sirius and Remus his next letter, he wanted to be able to say he was
taking their lessons seriously and was making progress.

"You really ought to have mingled a little, Harry," Slughorn scolded
gently as they exited the train at the end of their journey. "They were
wealthy entrepreneurs hoping to expand their business into France. You
all would have done well to have known each other."

"Mm," Harry hummed noncommittally, looking through the crowded station
for Seitler and who ever the queen had sent to pick them up. He spotted
his name hovering in the air in brilliant green, and following it
downward he spotted Seitler and another familiar face. Grinning, he
hurried forward, leaving Slughorn still nattering on about the
importance of networking.

Fleur met him half way, her arms reaching up to encircle him tightly. He
returned the hug enthusiastically. Somewhere in the crowd he heard
cameras flashing. Flushing in embarrassment, he pulled away to a more
respectable distance.

"Hey,' he greeted. Her laugh was in the curve of her lips as she smiled
back at him. She was wearing civilian clothes, but still managed to look
official. She wore a dark grey business suit with skirt and a maroon
robe left open acting as a sort of jacket. Her shoes were black lace and
velvet heels that inevitably drew attention to her shapely calves
peeking out from the hem of her skirt. He tried very hard not to stare
at those calves. "You look fantastic. Don't tell me these are standard
regulation?"

She gave him a little wink for the compliment.

"Non, 'Arry, today I am not a musketeer. I am your date," she said.

"Date?"

"And liaizon… and bodyguard, alzo no one iz zuppozed to know, oui?"

He nodded as if it were the most obvious thing in the world, although
the situation felt more surreal than anything. Fleur's master, Balthus,
made a comment in French that made Slughorn laugh and Fleur blush and
refuse to translate, and they left the train station. The car waiting
for them was definitively muggle and no more than five years old, glossy
and white of all things with the royal crest emblazoned where the hood
ornament should have been. Some of their luggage (at least Slughorn's)
had to be shrunk to fit into the little trunk, but once inside it was
obviously a high luxury vehicle. Harry watched enviously from the back
seat as Fleur climbed behind the wheel and pulled them out into traffic.

"When did you learn to drive?" he asked, curiously.

"Zey teach us at Beauxbaton's during zicth's year. Don't zey at
'Ogwarts?"

"Why would they? Only muggles have the roads for it. Sometimes I ride in
a car, but it's not a common practice."

Fleur made a curious little sound, as if she didn't know if what he said
was funny or sad or just a little odd. She drove him on a brief tour of
the city, passing both muggle attractions and wizarding all so perfectly
mingled together it was dizzying trying to distinguish them. The sun was
low in the sky, but the city seemed to be just waking up. Cars and
people and millions upon millions of lights filled the open spaces of
Paris, giving a sense of flurried activity on a scale Harry never saw in
wizarding Britain.

It felt distinctly disconcerting to see muggles. Which was strange,
because he had spent over half his life thinking he was one, and even
moved amongst them fairly comfortably during his summer on the lam in
Germany, France, and Britain.

It felt like it had been decades ago.

He knew he was going to see them during his trip to Paris, but he
realized now he had been expecting to see something different than what
was there. Muggles really were just like wizarding folk. Not in their
way of dressing perhaps, but the way they moved about on their business
or held their lover's hand or carried their child on their shoulders. In
Britain, the word 'muggle' had been tossed about not so much as an
insult as a term for 'other', like veela or goblins. It was a startling,
almost sickening realization that he had been socialized to think of
muggles as not really human.

The car fell into a stark and sudden silence, and Harry realized
belatedly that his disturbing realization had caused a fluctuation in
his magical signature. One significant enough that Balthus actually drew
his wand in alarm.

"Ah, sorry," he said, but didn't even try to offer an excuse.

"Are you alright, 'Arry?" she called back.

"Yes, I'm fine. It is just a bit… jarring."

Again, he did not elaborate, and tactfully, no one else asked him to.
Slughorn cleared his throat, and began asking about various pieces of
architecture that made up the Parisian skyline. Balthus answered him in
French while Fleur translated into English. Harry accepted it as the
distraction it was, and paid attention even though the descriptions were
somewhat baffling to him. There were ministry offices dedicated solely
to flowers? The Department of Education was on the top floor of a muggle
insurance company office building? The Arc de Triomphe was the busiest
floo station in Europe?

The French were crazy, Harry decided. Loveable, but crazy.

Gradually, they moved from the tourist and business district into a more
residential area, lined with three story townhouses crushed together,
tiny pharmacies at the corner, and streets lined with walnut and hazel
trees in their fall colors. Then, almost without him realizing it, there
were no more buildings, just trees and a gravel road that stretched far
into the distance ahead of them. Even as they went, Japanese-style stone
lanterns sudden lit themselves on either side of the road, marking the
curves of the path in the quasi-darkness of the rapidly ascending night.
Another turn and trees fell away to reveal an enormous chateau that
would have put the Malfoy estate to shame. The sun was gone, but the sky
directly behind the chateau was still brilliantly orange and pink, the
building itself looking dull grey and blue in comparison. Even in the
poor lighting, Harry could see the extravagant detail heaped upon every
nook and cranny, from the wide arched staircase to the gilded window
frames. The road circled around a large fountain and straight up to the
front steps, where four hotel employees dressed with military crispness
stood at attention.

The doors to the car were opened for them, and each was greeted by name
and title.

"Welcome to the Hotel de Sanctuaire, Lord Potter," the head concierge
greeted congenially with only the slightest accent. "My staff and I are
at your service, and endeavor to make your stay here as pleasant as
possible. Please do not hesitate to make a request, not matter how small
or seemingly extravagant. Please follow me. The staff will get your
bags."

He glanced at Fleur, who just nodded and fell into place directly behind
him. Balthus was ahead, scanning for potential danger, while Slughorn
just sort of ambled about like a tourist in a museum, admiring this or
that.

"Your tailor has been scheduled at eight thirty, which should give you
plenty of time to settle in and have a light meal. The gardens, library,
kitchen, and gymnasium are open until ten. The pool, sauna, smoking
room, bar, and billiard room are open until one. Any of these facilities
are available to you upon special request, and anything we do not
readily have available can be retrieved at any time," the concierge
recited easily as he led them inside. Witches and wizards in stately
evening wear were scattered around the lobby or peaking out from the
adjacent barroom. No one really turned their heads to watch, but Harry
could easily make out their eyes following them with a curiosity that
belied their haughty dismissal. He struggled not to shy away from their
scrutiny. This wasn't the first time he had been around such rich and
powerful people, but almost always he had been in the company of the
Dark Lord, whose presence always made them seem silly and meek in
comparison.

They moved up a large staircase that split halfway up to the next floor
and then a another staircase that did the same until they reached the
top floor and moved into a side hallway. The interior was not as opulent
as the Queen's palace, but Harry could see it was clearly based on the
same decorating scheme with too much art and decoration crammed into too
little space. The portraits stared out at them with the same haughtiness
of the guests, and little golden cherubs clinging to the upper most
buttresses giggled mischievously down at them.

It seemed like they walked a mile before they reached their rooms, and
it was at the farthest end of the corridor. There was no doorknob, only
a gold plaque with the inlay of six pointed star, into which the
concierge pushed a pendant he pulled from his pocket. The doors
immediately swung open.

The inside was more of an apartment than a hotel room, with a large
living room and six doors leading to various bedrooms, bathrooms,
studies, etc. Reneire briefly explained the various features, including
the servant's bell, the private floo, etc, etc. Harry nodded politely
and pretended it wasn't the most exquisitely beautiful place he had ever
seen let alone slept in.

"This is her Majesty's private suite. She specifically requested it be
made available to you, and that you be extended the utmost courtesy. Is
there anything you require?"

I trip back to the planet Earth, Harry thought.

"No, I think I can handle it from here."

"Very good, sir. Here is your key. If you will excuse me."

Once the concierge had handed off the pendant that allowed access to the
room and disappeared, Balthus let out an impressed whistle. Harry
grinned.

"You're welcome to spend the night," he offered, making his way over to
what was apparently his private suite. "I might need one of you to find
me, in case I get lost in here."

He looked inside. It was as fantastic as the rest of the apartment, if
bit more feminine with the dressing table and violet satin bed sheets.
His luggage, a black leather gym bag, looked like a mongrel curled up in
front of the fire place. Merlin, there was a fireplace in the bedroom
*and* the living room.

"I will 'ave to take you up on zat. I am your liaison, after all," she
said a bit mockingly, as if it were a terrible burden to be trapped in
this place with him. Balthus said something sarcastic, and she laughed.
There was a master bath connected to his suite, and he slipped inside to
look around. White tiles, blue marble, and gold trim from floor to
ceiling. A large, clawfoot bathtub sat filled to the brim with steaming
hot water, toiletries set off to the side, and thick white towels beside
those.

A bath suddenly seemed very appealing. Certainly, the tailor he was
supposedly meeting in an hour would appreciate the courtesy. Fleur
checked the bathroom for potential dangers ('Arry, did I ever tell you
about ze politician 'oo was boiled alive in ze bathtub?'), left him
alone to check the rest of the suite with her master and to order
dinner. Once she had left, he stripped and settled himself into the
steaming water.

Only for Fleur to march herself right back into the bathroom fifteen
minutes later.

While he was still in the tub.

For a moment, he stared at her in absolute shock. She smirked. He curled
up in the bath like soldier in the trenches during an air raid.

"Do you mind?"

"Zuch a question! You should know better. You English. Zo shy with your
bodies," she said dismissively. "Your dinner is 'ere. Profezor Zlug'orn
went down to dinner with ze ozer guestz and Balthus iz checking in with
headquarters. It iz just you and me."

Harry knew he was red. In fact, he was positive he could keep the bath
water piping hot all night by the heat of his embarrassment alone.
Fortunately, she took pity on him.

"I zet out zome of your clothes on ze bed. 'Urry and finish up, and 'ave
dinner with me. We 'aven't zeen each ozer in ages." She backed out of
the bathroom, but not before throwing out over her shoulder. "Still zo
cute!"

He joined her a few minutes later, still an embarrassed red, but
blessedly dressed.

Dinner was some sort of fish, which Harry wasn't particularly fond of,
but the hotel's definition of fish was of course different from most
British citizenry and he was surprised to find it was really very good.
Fleur laughed at his surprised expression and listed off the
ingredients, which were either in French or he just plain never heard
of.

"'Ogwart's food was awful. It was a lovely castle in its way, but the
food…ich," she lamented.

"The food was fine. Actually it's very good food. It's just… not
French."

"Ich," she repeated, and he just laughed. "Well, ze food iz no good, but
ze boyz? Very nice. Bill Weazley iz coming to Paris, did you know? 'E iz
guest speaker at international convention zis year. British curzes all
ze rage! I even get to zee im talk! It took me a month of begging
Balthus. I zink he would of zaid yes anyway, but 'e likes iz ego
stroking."

Harry choked on some fish when she said 'stroking' and then very
forcefully pulled his mind out of the gutter.

"That's great. I knew you both really hit it off, and I know they other
Weasley's really hoped you two would work out. They were all quite fond
of you."

Except for Ron, but Harry sometimes doubted his parentage. She dimpled
at the compliment. He decided now was as good a time as any to broach
another subject he had been hoping to discuss with her.

"Do you know why I am here?" he asked her. She looked amused by the
question.

"Because you were invited? It iz not my place to know zuch things. Zat
iz 'er Majesty'z business. Zat iz Lord Voldemort'z business. Not zoldier
business."\
"Not quite."

He told her about his intention to ask the queen for asylum for Hermione
during the costume ball. Fleur looked genuinely surprised. Then she
smiled and let a long, wistful sigh.

"You British are much more romantic zen we give you credit for."

Harry frowned at her. Which was difficult, because her sigh had him
blushing all over again. Lousy veela charm. It hadn't affect him at all
when he was fourteen. What gives?

"It is not romantic. It's very serious. Hermione is in very real
danger."

"It iz very, *very* romantic. Young woman forced to flee from an
unwanted marriage to foreign landz with ze 'elp of 'a dashing young
adventurer. Oui, very romantic. Are you in love with 'er?"

"No. She's like a sister to me. My best friend."

"She iz in love with you zen."

"Of course not!"

"Of course zo! Or she will be. 'Arry, you are adorable, but a bit dense
zometimes. If she iz not in love with you now, she will be."

"No. She…no. She was in love with Viktor."

She did not look impressed with his reasoning. Or maybe she was just
annoyed at him using Viktor's name. They did not talk of him, but he
occupied the silences in between their spoken words and the empty spaces
of their letters.

"Oui, Viktor waz 'er beloved. 'E waz 'er 'ero. But 'e betrayed 'er. You
are friend. You are 'ero. She will fall in love with you. Very zad.
She'll never be with you like that. That iz not how ze world works.
Maybe in Paris, she will fall in love. Very romantic."

"It's not going to be like that. I know Hermione. She'll be too busy
studying to be dating. Once things die down she'll come back home."

Fleur shook her head.

"No, no. She spend enough time in Paris, it will become her home. It iz
Paris. Better zan any man. She will fall in love with ze city."

Harry didn't know how he could refute her assertion. Fleur didn't know
Hermione. Hermione was one of the reasons he loved his country so much
to start with. Her earnest demeanor, her gentle heart, and almost severe
practicality. She wasn't French. It didn't make sense for her to stay in
France forever. It was just a necessary evil.

He didn't know how to explain that to Fleur without either a) insulting
France, b) making her think he was actually in love with Hermione, or c)
realizing he was deluding himself and there was a very real possibility
that his inquisitive and confident friend would probably *love* Paris.

"I think she's more of a London, girl," he said, instead.

---

After almost three weeks of running a school of young militants and a
refugee camp all under the same roof, Snape did not think it was
unreasonable to want to spend a night with his wife, doing what healthy,
relatively young married couples do to unwind from stress. Everyone had
started to settle into a routine, the Court advisor the Dark Lord had
recommended had set up an internal infrastructure that relieved much of
the burden of daily responsibilities from him and the insurance money
was just starting to come in and relieve the financial burden as well.
The sudden prank wars that had broken out were annoying, but the sort of
the thing the rest of the teaching staff was trained to handle. Potter
had left for France that afternoon, which meant he had anywhere from ten
to forty-eight hours before he received word of a diplomatic incident he
was going to have to help mop up after.

That meant he had a small window of opportunity before the universe
righted itself and everything went to hell again.

He had left McGonagal in charge of the school.

He had left Seitler in charge of Hogsmeade Hall.

He had left the Slytherin prefects in charge of Slytherin House.

Each had received a vague warning of severe consequences if he was
unduly disturbed that night. They had all nodded like good minions and
shuffled off to do his bidding. Alright, that last part was a bit of a
stretch, but they wouldn't be bothering him. Of that he was almost
certain.

Now if only his wife were as cooperative.

"Severus, wait, stop… I'm not… I can't…Please, stop…" she begged softly
between kisses. They were in the living room. They had just eaten
private meal together and were unwinding with a glass of red wine. They
had gone through this routine a dozen times before… 'It' happened.

"You're beautiful," he said softly, like a promise and kissed her again,
moving his hands from her shoulders to her sides of her face, cupping
them gently. She liked it when he touched her face. From her lips to her
eyelids to her flushed cheeks, all of it seemed to be one great
erogenous zone. Already her eyes were dilated, her lips firming with a
stroke of his thumb. He could see and feel her desire.

She reached up quickly and snatched his hands away.

"No… not yet…"

He let out a frustrated sigh.

"When?"

"I don't know. It's not… it's a psychological thing not a biological
one. I'm sorry. I just don't know," she said sharply. She stood up from
the couch and stalked towards the fire place. He remained where he was,
stunned by the frustration and resentment behind the words. "Do you
think I want to be this way? Melancholy? Useless? *Frigid?*"

"What are you talking about? I think we established early on you're not
frigid," he snapped back.

"But melancholy and useless, you won't deny?"

"Don't put words into my mouth!"

"What else am I supposed to do? You never talk to me!"

"I talk to you everyday! We were just talking over dinner!"

By now they were shouting at each other, feeding off the raw, volatile
emotions that had been festering after weeks of tragedy and crisis.
Snape got to his feet, his hands clenched. He made a step towards her,
then quickly changed his mind and stood behind the coach, creating a
physical and figurative barrier between them. His wand was in the
kitchen beside the wine rack, along with Ira's by the sink. A careless
thing to do, but at the moment he was glad for the mistake. He didn't
entirely trust himself at the moment, and certainly didn't trust his
increasingly hysterical wife.

"About *work!* About whatever chores you expect me to do tomorrow to
keep busy while you're playing lord of the castle!"

"What is that supposed to mean? You think I'm having *fun*? You think
it's easy? The board of governors, the students, the staff, the whole
bloody country and the Dark Lord himself, breathing down my neck
twenty-four seven? Do you even realize what I have to go through to keep
this place running?"

"I know exactly what you go through everyday, Severus. I'm right there!
Every single day, I'm right there, at your beck and call!"

"You said you wanted to help! Did you change your mind when you realized
it was actually going to be hard work?"

"SCREW YOU!" she screamed. In the dark enclave of their private rooms,
her words were deafening even after all their shouting. For a moment,
she looked startled, and glanced guiltily around the shadows of the room
as if expecting to hear irritated neighbors banging on floor above them.
When she spoke again, it was in a quieter, yet equally venomous tone.

"I wanted to help because I'm your wife! I'm not a house elf, and I
expect some acknowledgement of that. I went through that with my first
marriage and I'm not going to go through it again."

"What are you talking about? I do not treat you like a house elf!"

"You never say thank you!"

"I say thank you all the time!"

"You never *look* at me when you do! You say it like you're saying
'hello' or 'good night'. Like a reflex. A meaningless pleasantry, while
you're focused on something else entirely."

"I…"

That was actually quite possible. But damn it, he was busy! He might
have been distracted, but that didn't mean he wasn't sincere.

"And you never introduce me. To *anyone*. Half the teaching staff didn't
know I was your wife until *Harry* introduced me. Half the people you
brought in to fix the castle or run security don't even know I'm more
than your secretary!"

That… that may have been a legitimate blunder on his part. He had just
sort of assumed… Merlin, the entire castle knew when a ghost farted in
the astronomy within half a day and they really couldn't figure out that
Ira was his wife? And it was *not* half the staff. More than half the
staff had actually been at his wedding.

"But who can blame them? It's not like we act like a married couple! You
don't kiss me, or hold my hand, or talk to me about anything other than
work in public."

"And when I try to do those things in private, you don't want to do
them!" he reminded her. "I may not do those things in public- I frankly
despise people who inflict that sort of thing on innocent bystanders-
but don't you dare say I've neglected you in private. I've broken half a
dozen regulations to keep you near. To make sure you had everything you
wanted. I've *tried* to be what you needed, patient and understanding,
and I thought I was doing a pretty good job under the circumstances
until about ten minutes ago! I'm trying to be patient and understanding
now, because I… I know… It was hard. God dammit, I know how hard it was…
It was my child too!"

And as if the word 'child' were the hidden tap to their souls, the anger
and fight drained out of both of them. Snape covered his face with his
hand. He did not cry, hadn't for decades, but he knew his expression was
open and painful like a deep wound that needed to be hidden from even
the gentlest prodding. Across from him, Ira mirrored the gesture, but
she had tears enough for the both of them and neither the will nor the
desire to hold them back. It had been two weeks since she had last
cried, and she thought she would never cry again after that, but now it
was too easy, too natural.

"I'm sorry. I'm so sorry."

The apology encompassed more than their lover's spat. Snape wasn't
entirely sure of what all it entailed. He could no longer arrogantly
claim to know his wife that thoroughly after that emotional blitzkrieg.
He could guess some of it. The baby… it hadn't been her fault, but he
had known from the beginning that she was almost obsessively attached to
it. Guilt wasn't reasonable, but it was understandable.

However, he suspected there was more to it that even that.

The moment of grief stretched on for several minutes, Snape standing
completely motionless and Ira sobbing into her hands. Predictably, he
recovered first with a deep, cleansing breath and a straightening of his
shoulders. He looked at his wife. He felt unpleasantly awkward and
useless just standing there, watching her fall to pieces. He wanted to
storm off, to tell her to stop her blubbering, to be unaffected and
superior as he had been when faced countless weeping widows and mothers
before.

But he couldn't.

He loved her. He didn't want to. It complicated otherwise very simple
situations. He wished he could kill the fool who first convinced the
world there was anything good about being in love. Moron. Bastard. Liar.

He wanted to make this better and he didn't know how. He was a
Slytherin, not a damn… Hufflepuff. Yes. Sentimental saps, true, but also
the most psychologically stable and healthy group of young people in the
school. What would a Hufflepuff do in this situation?

It took an embarrassingly long time to put himself in the mindset of
someone who wasn't inherently self-centered. When he finally managed,
the answer was even more embarrassingly obvious.

He moved around the couch, closing the distance between them, and took
her into his arms. He was terrified. His biggest fear was that she would
reject his touch again, reject the physical comfort he had withheld
under the misguided respect for her grief, and he would be left with a
soul deep sense of betrayal.

He had only ever truly loved one other person in his life and her
rejection over a few hurtful words spoken after the moment of his
deepest shame and anger had nearly destroyed him.

He did not know what he would do if it happened a second time.

She didn't pull away.

She buried her head into his shoulder, arms to his back and sides,
melting into the curves of his body like liquid metal into a mold. She
didn't stop crying. If anything, she only got louder, but he felt
supremely relieved. The distance that had been growing between them
since early September was finally starting to close.

"S-severus?"

"Yes, Ira?"

"Why…Why…" A sniffled, followed by a deep breath to help steady her
tongue. "Why don't we talk about the nursery, anymore?"

"The nursery?"

"You didn't want to let mother decorate it. I said you couldn't paint it
green."

He suddenly felt very clueless. He had no idea what she was talking
about. Well, yes, he remembered the conversation about Susan Morgan's
offer to decorate the nursery at their cottage, but it seemed rather non
sequitur at the moment.

"Or the names you wanted if our first were a boy or a girl. Or what we
need to baby proof the house. Or what they might look like. We used to
be able to talk about those things for hours. We don't talk about them
anymore. Why don't we talk about them? Is it… is it over? Is this as far
as got?"

And suddenly, everything that just happened made a lot more sense to
him. Her irrational behavior was rooted in rational fears.

Her previous husband had inflicted psychological wounds surrounding her
sense of self, skewing the boundaries between womanhood, desirability,
and reproduction irrevocably. She had told him herself that her
ex-husband had been physically and emotionally abusive, emphasizing her
only desirable quality as the ability to reproduce, and the same ability
he deprived her of before discarding her. Her father's siding against
her had reinforced this belief. She had fallen into a deep depression,
never dated despite the occasional offer, and gradually reinventing
herself into a sort of asexual scholar.

Then he had come along. He was the first man she said who made her feel
desirable, and then he became the first person to offer the hope of
marrying and starting a family of her own. Inadvertently, he had
reinforced the beliefs instill by her abusive husband and neglectful
father.

And then their first hope had ended, so easily and so quickly it was
offensive.

Legally or just emotionally, she thought he would leave her, just as
every other male family member had. What he had interpreted as grief was
insecurity.

At least, partially. Probably it was both grief and insecurity, and
trying to deal with both at the same time was going to be damn
difficult. Suddenly, sleep seemed a lot more enjoyable than
psychologically compromised sex at the moment.

"No," he said at last, hoping his long pause hadn't once again been
misinterpreted. "We'll try again. And if it doesn't work then we'll try
it again. And again and again and again, until *something*works. But not
right now. We're both too stressed and too exhausted. When we're both
ready, and personally *I'm* not ready yet," he threw in, hoping to ease
some of that insecurity he had finally identified, "then we'll see
Healer Jacobi and we'll talk about nurseries and names. Until then, I
need you to keep doing what you've been doing… helping me get through
the days and keeping me company during the nights. I was… pleased… when
you came to help me without me having to ask. You are… a wonderful
assistant. I couldn't have done it without you."

Ira sudden choked beneath him and at he thought it was another sob, but
when she spoke he realized she was laughing.

"Now, you're just laying it on thick. I know you appreciated it. I know
you didn't mean anything by not introducing me. You just assumed
everyone already knew who I was the same way they all seemed to know who
you were. I was just being stupid. Crazy. I'm sorry. Let's just blame it
on PMS, and forget it."

Ah, the PMS theory. He hadn't considered that.

He chuckled softly, more out of relief than anything else. She laughed
too, and for a while they just stood there and laughed softly. He
wouldn't forget, but he wouldn't compromise the tangible relief they
were both feeling as their uncharacteristically dramatic behavior
finally broke, and they settled back into the warm, comfortable
affection they both preferred.

Ira pulled away first, sniffling and awkwardly rubbing her eyes.

"Ugh, I feel positively disgusting. I probably got snot all over your
robes."

Snape grimaced, knowing that was very likely. Ah, well, he was a
Slytherin. He could find an opportunity almost anywhere.

"Perhaps then, Mrs. Snape," he said in mock formality, "I might interest
you in a long, hot bath. I could use one myself."

She suddenly looked more cautious.

"Together?"

"No point in wasting water."

"It's not that big of a tub.".

"I admit, it may be a bit snug, but I am a gentleman, madam. I would
never dream of taking advantage."

She gave him a skeptical look. Her eyes and the edge of her nostrils
were bright red from rubbing, her cheeks streaked from tears, but the
corner of her mouth twitched just a little. It was first time in a long
time they had played like this.

"Well, since it is my snot you're covered in, I don't suppose I'm in any
position to refuse."

He gave her a sardonic smile.

"Very gracious of you."

"Serverus?"

"Yes?"

"I love you."

---

"That's a common misunderstanding," Harry explained to the small dinner
party gathered around the dinning table. He was feeling decidedly
relaxed after a day to himself, enjoying the various amenities the hotel
had to offer. Now he was enjoying a light meal before the masquerade,
and found himself the center of attention for a dozen or so
distinguished witches and wizards, whose names he could only half
pronounce. "The werewolf colonies are not government run. The werewolves
have their own sovereignty on their assigned lands. It was part of the
original treaty between Lord Voldemort and Fenrir Greyback after the
war. It seems to work well for all parties invovled."

"Exzept fur ze prizners oo are zent to live zere," a plump woman in deep
purple robes quipped. He was feeling relaxed enough, possibly due to the
wine he had been drinking, not to snap at her.

"I've never met a prisoner yet who preferred Azkaban over a colony."

Not that he had ever asked the question directly and knew their
preference hadn't been asked before they were exiled, but even the
surliest werewolves he knew seemed to have some appreciation for the
chance at the life they had been given. He didn't think he had ever
heard anyone complain about it.

The woman's husband laughed softly into his wine glass, earning him an
annoyed swat with her fan. Another man across the table gave Slughorn a
disapproving look. The potions teacher had taken advantage of his
charge's popularity to insinuate himself into their company. He had not
said much except to explain a question or clarify an answer that became
garbled in translation, however. Harry suspected the man was using the
opportunity to gage his political savvy.

"I can see Lord Potter has an 'onest sentiment for these people, but it
seems utterly irresponsible to me that someone so young should be placed
in such a physically and politically precarious position among a group
of felons with a 'ighly contagious and debilitating condition. The fact
that 'e 'as not contracted lycanthrosis or worse already, is nothing
short of a miracle."

"'ere, 'ere," the plump woman agreed.

Slughorn did not apologize or look the least contrite. He simply turned
to Harry.

"Should I explain or would you like to?"

Harry smiled at the other guests. It was more than a little
condescending, but they had been looking at him similarly throughout
dinner.

"I am immune to lycanthrosis. That, and for various other reasons, means
I am likely the least vulnerable to infection. Besides, they like me
there."

This earned him several disbelieving looks. He stared back with
unwavering confidence. Another wizard, only a few years older than
Harry, grinned and lifted his glass to him. Before the others could
recover and ask him to either explain or renounce his claim, the
concierge entered the dining room and leaned over the young English
wizard.

"Lord Potter, your costumes have just arrived from the tailor's. I sent
them to your room with Mademoiselle Delacour."

Harry pulled out his pocket watch to check the time. It was quarter
after six. He had one hour before he had to leave for the masquerade.

"Just in time. Thank you, Reneire. If you will excuse me, ladies and
gentlemen, I am afraid I have a previous engagement."

He stood from the table, bowed politely, and left for his rooms with
Slughorn at his heels. He was glad now for all those lessons in manners
Voldemort had inflicted upon his younger self. They had been
occasionally useful in Britain, but in France they were practically a
survival skill amongst the aristocracy.

"You did quite well for yourself, Mr. Potter," Slughorn said as they
made their long trek back to the suite. "It might be impertinent of me
to say, but you seem to handle yourself best when a certain level of
antagonism is involved."

"Oh? I didn't think they were that bad."

"No, not that bad. Your socio-economic status is somewhat of a mystery
so they were testing your confidence level instead to see where you
rank. Rather foolish of them, given you are obviously in high standing
with both Lord Voldemort and Queen Ophelia. Ah, well…"

"Ah, well," Harry agreed with a shrug.

Fleur had their costumes laid out on the chaise longue in the living
room, their masks sitting on top. She was already half changed, her
black petticoats sticking out of the bottom of a full length red silk
corset. Slughorn coughed and looked pointedly elsewhere. Harry, for his
part, couldn't look away.

"Um…"

She just smiled and rolled her eyes.

"I keep forgetting you are Britsh."

"No you don't. You're just shameless. Absolutely shameless," he scolded.

She laughed.

"Maybe. But 'urry and get ready, we do not 'ave much time."

She grabbed Slughorn's costume and mask, an artistic interpretation of a
laconic basset hound, shoved them into the man's arms and hurried him
towards his room. He was still too embarrassed to look directly at her.
By the time she turned around, Harry had already snatched up his things
and escaped to his bedroom. He took a moment to study it all.

The mask was a half mask of red fox; the pointy black nose, the sharp
slant of the eyes, and pert little triangle ears gave it a rather
devilish appearance. The rest of his costume, ironically, was fox
hunting attire. It was not the traditional attire, but again an artful
interpretation. The coat was velvet with a thorny briar motif pressed
into it, and a row of elaborate brass buttons engraved with pagan
symbols he doubted their creators understood the significance of were
sown down the front. The white breeches were leather and snug, the black
English dress boots reached almost to his thigh rather than below his
knee, and his black leather gloves were more suited to a piano player
than a hunter.

It did not take long for him to change, and when he finally looked
himself in the mirror, he didn't know if he was supposed look like he
was going hunting or clubbing. Curious, he put on his mask and to see
what it looked like.

He immediately took it off again.

It was creepy.

Very, *very* creepy.

He spent another ten minutes grooming himself and trying fruitlessly to
tame his hair into some semblance of order, then went out into the
living room to wait for the others. Slughorn joined him a few minutes
later; his own costume was that of a navy sea captain.

"Ah, you got the fox! Lucky you," he said, making himself comfortable on
the chaise lounge.

"What do you mean?"

"The fox has great significance to the French. They are symbols of
intellect, daring, and…er… virility. It's usually the most sought after
mask amongst young men."

"Sought after? You mean they aren't assigned randomly?"

"Of course not! The masks all have significance. They represent certain
virtues and vices, status, and popularity. Duels and vendettas have
occurred over the assigning of masks. There was a famous case twenty
something years ago, where a count murdered a visiting Belgium because
he received the lion mask the count had wanted."

"What? That's stupid!"

"Absolutely, but the lion mask is traditionally assigned to the most
decorated soldiers and warriors, which the count was at the time, and
giving it to a middle ranking foreigner was a grave insult. It was later
learned that the visiting count had only received the mask because he
paid an exorbitant sum for the honor. That is and was a perfectly common
practice, but no one felt the least bit of sympathy for him, especially
among the nobles. The count got off Scott free."

"Not free. 'E ended up paying 'alf 'is estate in legal fees before ze
end," Fleur said, opening the door to her own bedroom to enter. She
would have fit in perfectly at the court of Mary Antoinette in her
scarlet silk sack-back gown, except for the lack of a ridiculous wig.
Although the large white bunny ears were certainly something to look at.

"You're a rabbit?" he asked, because of all the things he had imagined
Fleur's costume to be, rabbit seemed one of the least suited to her
personality.

"Oui. I am lucky you are ze fox or else I would probably be a fish."

"What? Why? I thought you were nobility and popular and… stuff."

She waved it off, not the least bit bothered.

"I am ze young, unmarried daughter of a rich, but minor noble and a
disinherited duchess, with little to my name but ze triwizard tournament
fiasco and an apprenticeship under a well liked Musketeer. I am nobody
to them."

That sounded utterly ridiculous to Harry. Fleur was one of the most
remarkable people he had ever met, and certainly a good deal more
interesting than most of the nobles, French and British alike. He said
as much.

She kissed him on the cheek.

"I 'ope you always stay zis cute," she said. "'Ere, let me 'elp you with
your scarf. You've managed to butcher it zome 'ow."

They fussed about the suite for a while, fixing their clothes, their
hair, make-up in Fleur's case, and a clean shave in Slughorn's. Reneire
knocked on their door to announce that Balthus was waiting for them with
the car. They went downstairs. There were three or four other wizards
and witches in costume waiting for their rides in the front entrance as
well. They stared jealously at the fox's mask in Harry's hand or else at
the buxom young rabbit wrapped around his arm.

Slughorn held the door open for Fleur as she climbed into the back seat.
There was no way to negotiate her hoop skirt and panniers into the
front, and Harry following in after her had to gather up her voluminous
dress as he went to keep from stepping on it.

"I hope we don't run into any trouble. I don't know how you could do
much of anything in this getup," he joked lightly as he settled in
beside her.

"Don't worry. Zere iz a zecret cache I can touch and ze whole zing just
falls right off. I can fight in my underwear just fine."

"That would certainly make for an interesting party," Harry laughed.
Balthus was not as conservative a driver as Fleur, which meant that
aside from several brushes with death (and the occasional pedestrian)
they also managed to make it to palace with time to spare. There was a
line of cars, carriages, and even levitating palanquins leading up to
the palace, most of which were handed off to valet's or moved off on
their own accord. Witches and wizards in a variety of costumes and
animal masks made their way up the wide stone steps, a menagerie of
creatures that would have left Noah scratching his head.

"It iz customary to put your mask on before arriving," Fleur said,
slipping on her own disguise. Her blue eyes shown clearly through the
wide eye holes, the faux diamond (at least he hope they weren't real
diamonds) sprinkled across her mask reflected the surrounding light and
made her eyes glitter rather spectacularly. Slughorn slipped on his mask
as well, and despite its rather doleful expression, the cheerful
sociability that comprised his character managed to shine through in a
way that was almost dog-like in itself. Balthus' mask was not that of an
animal at all, but of a troll-like creature of all things with an
exceptionally long nose and ears and mustard yellow skin. His costume
was that of a Persian sheik. A type of djinn perhaps?

With some reluctance, Harry slipped off his glasses and set the mask in
place. A few more spells and he could see clearly through the eye slits
and had secured his disguise to his head. He was momentarily startled
when he felt some sort of magic activate inside of the mask. His first
instinct was to rip it off again, but when he touched it, the feel of
his own fingertips through plaster gave him pause. He blinked, and felt
the mask blink as well. He wiggled his nose. The mask wiggled its nose
in time.

"Huh. Weird."

Fleur laughed, and her little pink nose shivered up and down. They moved
further up in the line of vehicles, and a valet made his way towards
them. Balthus, who maintained an air of amused detachment, suddenly
turned to his apprentice and said something strict Harry didn't follow.

Fleur snapped something back just as sharply then turn to Harry.

"Don't worry about it."

Despite her words, once they left the car, she was all business. She
might have been holding his arm as he escorted her up the steps, but her
eyes were darting this way and that and her rabbit ears swiveled about
like antennae looking for a signal. He gave an internal sigh. It was
just as well. He had his own job to perform and it was imperative that
he succeed.

Inside, the palace was just as overwhelming in its opulence as Harry
remembered. The walk to the ballroom was a short one, but somewhat
delayed by other party goers lingering out in the corridors to hold
conversations.

"Zey are trying to figure out 'oo iz 'oo," Fleur said, somewhat
disapproving. "You are not zupposed to know 'oo anyone iz during a
masquerade, zat iz zort of ze point., but zome people are always trying
to be clever."

"Does anyone know I am here? That I am the fox?"

"Oui. Everyone knows you are 'ere zomewhere, and I doubt it would not
take much to guess you are ze fox. You are ze only Englishman 'ere. But
it iz not polite to point it out."

Fleur managed to maneuver him through the corridor without being
snatched up by one of the many curious people lingering in the halls,
but once they were in the ballroom she may as well have been fighting
off an army of orcs with a beget. A small symphony was playing, although
he did not recognize any of the songs, and the still energized crowd had
filled the center of the floor to dance. As the fox, albeit an unusually
short one, it seemed it was every unmarried young witches incentive to
bag him for at least one dance and every concerned parent and jealous
suitors prerogative to interrogate him. Fleur could only shield him so
much.

He really *really* needed to learn French.

So he danced(luckily the dances were all pretty much the same here as in
Britain even if the music wasn't) and made nice (which was difficult,
because supposedly he was supposed be simultaneously flirtatious and
respectful, and he wasn't very good at either) for some indeterminable
length of time that left him almost desperate to escape. Finally,
*finally*, Her Majesty, Queen Ophelia IV made her appearance.

The music stopped, the herald called out with a magically amplified
voice, and everyone turned towards the entrance. She stood at the top of
the stairs for a moment, surveying those below with the sort of regal
affection Harry had never seen adequately replicated in another. Draped
in a silk wedding gown studded with pearls and diamonds, she wore no
mask, just a pair of white wings behind her ears to pin up her
elaborately corded hair. It seemed no matter how many times he saw her,
it always felt like love at first sight.

As she reached the bottom, the gathered guests all bowed and curtsied
low. Harry followed their example, but never tore his eyes away. He
started when the queen's gaze suddenly found his, and she smiled just
so.

She made a brisk gesture. The music began where it had left off, the
menagerie straightened to begin follow their example. In the brief
moment of re-orientation, he found himself snatched away from his dance
partner, a tigress in a Chinese cheongsam, by Fleur. She led the dance,
moving them just slightly out of step so that they made their way to the
other side of the dance floor.

There was a small alcove off the main ballroom with a thick curtain that
could be drawn for privacy if need be, in which the queen was sitting
comfortably in a chair. Musketeers in their uniforms, each with wolf
masks, stood guard just outside, while a sole lady-in-waiting stood at
attendance just behind her. Harry realized belatedly, that Fleur was
moving him straight towards them.

"Wait! What are you…?"

"You wished to speak to 'er Majesty, yes?" she said, leading him rather
precariously through the whirling maze of dancers. "She looked at you as
she entered. Zat means she iz ready to speak."

That was the entire purpose of his visit, and yet now that the moment
arrived he found himself wholly unprepared to handle it. He had never
spoken to Queen Ophelia alone before, and those few times he had even
spoken to her directly he had bumbled through it like a fool. His
liaison, date, and somewhat questionable friend ignored his flustered
state and moved him off the dance floor and towards the curtain. She
even had the audacity to nick his wand out of his sleeve while he was
distracted, and hand it over to one of the wolf guards. She entered
first and practically dragged him in behind her.

"Your Grace," she said, curtsying respectfully. "May I present Lord
Potter."

He bowed for the second time that night, this time feeling rather too
timid to look at her while doing so. He hadn't even straightened
completely before Fleur was hurrying back out the entry way. It was then
that he noticed that while the curtain appeared opaque from the outside,
it was transparent on their side and the ballroom and its occupants were
clearly visible. He didn't have time to wonder at the magical mechanics
behind it, however.

He was alone with the queen of France.

"Er… Good evening, Your Majesty."

"Good evening, Harry. Are you enjoying your visit so far?" she asked,
lifting her hand to gesture him closer.

His eyes were shy, but his body moved forward with a confidence that
belied that fact and boldly took her outstretched to kiss, "I can not
recall a time or place I have been more hospitably received. You have
been more than gracious."

It had taken him twenty minutes of thought and another ten of practice
in front of the bathroom mirror to figure out how to thank her without
sounded like a socially awkward teenager. Fleur had recommended the kiss
if he could manage it without slobbering all over her or tripping over
his feet. He thought he mostly succeeded. He was glad for the mask,
however.

She seemed to take his initiative positively, tilting her head in
acknowledgment.

"Then I am pleased. It is my hope that your return to France might
assuage some of the unpleasantness of your last visit."

"I don't know what you-" he began, but then stopped as he realized what
she was talking about. The last time he had been in France was during
his hospital stay, recovering from the disastrous results of Fenrir's
possession and impromptu war against Berlin, which had itself begun
within the borders of France. "Your Majesty, I do not know how much you
have been told about what happened last winter, but I assure you I have
never blamed you or anyone else in France for it."

"You must think you are either being very honest or very gracious, young
man, but in truth you are being rather conceited."

He stiffened in alarm, but her expression didn't change. She did not
even look annoyed.

"The belief that my people were incapable of affecting the outcome of
what occurred or rather, that no one outside of you yourself or your own
people could have done anything to stop it is quite conceited, wouldn't
you agree?"

Having it explained to him like, it certainly seemed that way.
Reluctantly, he nodded.

"Do not worry. I know it is a common trait of the British, particularly
those of English decent and I do not take it personally. It did not even
occur to your mentor that he might in some way hold me responsible, and
given the political advantage it would have provided him at the time, it
is indeed remarkable that he did not seize the opportunity."

He felt himself bristle a bit at her assumption that Voldemort had made
a mistake. Perhaps it was English conceit or arrogance, but he didn't
like the dig, no matter how gently delivered.

"I imagine he found greater advantage in stirring public sympathy.
Demanding you take responsibility would have only made everyone
defensive or resentful in the long run."

Something in her eyes warmed.

"Ah, very good, Harry. Did he tell you that himself?"

"That he preferred long term public sympathy over a short term political
maneuver? No. I just know he prefers public sympathy. He calls it
'orphan-hugging'."

She laughed, startling him. He had never heard her laugh like that
before. It was not particularly elegant, but it was warm and filled up
the room, just like her personality.

"Does he really? That is terrible. What a terrible, wonderful creature
he is."

That pretty much summed up Harry's assessment of him, as well.

"Or he may just like you. He can be surprisingly forgiving to those he
likes."

He knew this very well from past experiences, including the debacle that
forced him to flee to Germany for his life and the bungled invasion of
Berlin via possession of a werewolf god. It used to keep him up at
night, wondering if it was all a trick and when the other shoe would
drop.

Sometimes it still did.

"Would that not be lovely?" she said, whimsically. "Two monarch with
genuine affection for each other. I suppose if there were ever an age
when it were possible, it would be this one. But come, you did not cross
the channel and get all dressed up just to exchange gossip, and I am
afraid there is something of a line waiting outside. Your letter said
you wished to speak to me of a private matter?"

"I… yes."

"How private of a matter? Does your mentor know of it?"

"Yes."

"And does he know you are coming to see me about it?"

"I am not hiding it from him, necessarily."

"Why, Harry, you are not trying to get me into trouble, now are you?"

He quickly shook his head.

"N-no, of course not. I don't…er… if you want to tell him, I don't mind.
I doubt he'd try to stop me."

"Very well, what is it?"

"Ah, well, you see… I have this friend."

He gave her a general outline of the situation. Of his friendship with
Hermione, her adopted status, her contentious relationship with her
foster father, the betrothal that potentially threatened her life, his
promise to protect her, and the attempted manipulation by Lord Malfoy to
place Harry under his thumb. She listened raptly, at first with a degree
of skepticism, but gradually her eyes grew ever wider in wonderment.

Then he told her of his plan to smuggle her into France.

"I will grant you this, young man, when you make a promise you take it
very seriously," she said. She gestured to her lady-in-waiting, a
pheasant dressed in a gown composed entirely of multicolored feathers,
who promptly moved to stand outside. "It is not my habit to interfere
with familial affairs of this nature. The nobility and merchant class
both find such personal interference in private lives overbearing and
inequitable. In this instance, it presents the very real possibility of
agitating relations with both Britain and France."

He felt his insides sink. She was right. He had been thinking of this
all as a private matter between Lucius, Hermione, and him, with perhaps
a few referees on the side in the form of Lord Voldemort and Queen
Ophelia, just to make sure no one died. That couldn't really be the
case, however. The Malfoys were one of the richest, most powerful
families in Britain. Harry had been moving up the political hierarchy
since he was eleven, and had become a national figurehead in the
process. Behind both was the Dark Lord, and who ever he chose to side
with depended on a logic he did not fully understand. Adding the ruler
of France to the mix was only asking for more trouble.

But this was the only chance both Hermione and he had of pulling
themselves out from Lucius' long reach.

"No one needs to know of your involvement. You do not, in fact, have to
be overtly involved. I can have everything set up through third parties.
By the time she comes to France, she will already be emancipated and
legally independent. Lucius Malfoy would have no authority to try and
have her brought back to Britain. All I want is to have the freedom of
movement to set it up for her and to make sure that she has the
protection she needs while she's here. If I can get her into France, I
can almost guarantee Voldemort will not allow General Malfoy to make a
big fuss out of it."

"Perhaps there will not be a 'big fuss' in Britain, but you forget that
France has a free press. I have very little authority on what is or is
not reported here. When it becomes public that a British National, the
foster daughter of a very prominent military figure and your very close
friend, has sought asylum within our borders, they will be like wolves.
Ah, perhaps that was not the best analogy."

Another thing Harry had not considered. As annoying as the press could
be, he had stopped worrying about them long ago. In Britain, there was
very little they could say that could truly hurt him or those he cared
about while he remained under Voldemort's protective wing.

He floundered. This was not Skeeter or an Italian soldier or even Lucius
bloody Malfoy. He could not trap, trick, bully, or fight the queen. She
could not be cajoled, flattered, sympathized, or entreated. Magically,
she wasn't Harry's equal. Intellectually and politically, however, she
surpassed him in every way. She was much closer to the Dark Lord in that
regard, but neither her ambitions nor her philosophies were known to
Harry and he could not work in ignorance.

He had no idea what to do.

"Harry, don't make that face. Everyone will think I am being terribly
cruel to you."

"They can't see my face," he said. He felt immediately embarrassed when
he realized how petulantly childish that sounded.

"Your ears are drooping."

Oh. He had forgotten about those silly things.

"You won't help me?" he asked, resigned to a denial.

"I did not say that."

Ears that had apparently been drooping suddenly perked.

"While it is not my habit to create trouble for myself, neither is it
practical to be too timid. I have been accused over the last few years
of being England's lap dog, unable or unwilling to defy the Dark Lord
even at the expense of France's wellbeing. I find it is within my best
interest to make a display of independence, while at the same time
insuring my relationship with Lord Voldemort is not unduly harmed. It
would seem you have provided me an opportunity to do this."

If he had a tail, he was certain that it would be wagging at this point.

"Choosing to take Ms. Granger under my wing, against General Malfoy's
and potentially Lord Voldemort's will, on moral grounds and on behalf of
yourself, a popular and less powerful individual, would do much to
improve my reputation."

"That sounds like a wonderful plan to me," he agreed.

"However, if she causes me undo trouble, I expect you to take
responsibility."

"Yes, yes, absolutely. I mean, I doubt she will. She's not a
troublemaker."

"I also expect a favor in return."

"Okay."

"The speed with which you agreed is worrying to me."

"Nothing is for free. I knew you would probably ask for something."

Voldemort would have.

"He has you well trained."

"He hasn't managed to teach me 'stay' yet, so that is arguable."

That earned him another laugh. She gestured for him to stand beside her.
He did so, and she directed his gaze with an elegantly pointed finger
towards a small gathering of young men and women. The young men seemed
to be busy vying for the attention of one of the girls standing in the
middle of the others. They were not succeeding. The young woman… girl…
whatever she was, was stubbornly refusing their advances. In fact, she
was looking furtively in the direction of the alcove. She was a swan,
and Harry suspected that was a highly prized mask amongst the witches
present.

"Do you see the swan? That is my niece, Serafina. She is fourteen and an
avid fan of yours."

He suddenly felt very awkward.

"I promised her a dance with you tonight, and I dare say she is intent
on you being her first dance of the evening. If you would be so kind as
to do so and put her and her suitors out of their misery, I would be
grateful."

"A small enough price to pay," he said, although he wasn't entirely sure
of that. As found as he was of pretty girls, he had a healthy fear of
them as well..

The queen must have noticed his trepidation, for she added.

"Do not feel obligated to kiss her. Even if she pouts. Especially if she
stomps her foot."

"I shall remain firmly English. No kissing masked strangers."

"An excellent policy. Now, if you do not mind? I am afraid our
conversation has run rather longer than intended."

"Of course, Your Majesty. You have my thanks."

He bowed one more time, and made his way to back to the main ballroom.
Fleur was at his side instantly, slipping his wand back into his sleeve
with the same ease with which she had removed it. Another figure, this
one adorned with the notorious lion's mask, moved passed to take his
place, brushing his shoulder ever so slightly. Harry felt his nerves
tingle as the other's magic lapped against his. By instinct, he tried to
turn and identify the source of the familiar feeling, but Fleur's
position on his arm made it awkward and he had a more immediate goal
before him.

Hidden behind the magic curtain, the masked man knelt before the queen,
took her hand, and boldly kissed the inside of her wrist. He grinned up
at her, pure predator, and she indulged him with an amused smile.

"Perhaps you and young Harry should have traded masks," she suggested.
"You are incorrigible."

"A Gryffindor in a lion's mask? That would be entirely too cliché."

"I have no idea what a Gryffindor is."

"It is a house."

"I am assuming you are not referring to architecture. Never mind. Have
you come to ask for a favor, as well?"

"Is that what he was doing? What did he ask you for?"

"Perhaps it is a secret."

"There are no secrets between my protégé and me. At least, none that I
do not allow him to keep. I have him on a short leash."

"At yet, you have not taught him how to 'stay' yet."

He grinned.

"Well, I suppose he is somewhat like a sight hound in that regard. No
matter how well you train them, once they have their sights set on
something there is no stopping them from running off. Now tell me, what
did he ask for?"

"Do you think I am so meek that I will tell you just because you ask?"

"Shall I use my bedroom voice instead?" he offered.

"I want to ask your opinion on something."

"Is my opinion worth the revealing of secrets? I should wonder what you
have been telling your attendants about me."

"Attendants are there to feed my vanity. Advisers see only what they
want to see. You, on the other hand, I believe would give me an honest
reply."

He personally found it very funny that she thought he would be honest
with her in any capacity, but nodded anyway. She gestured over to Harry,
who was now insinuating himself between several young suitors to gain
the attention of a swan princess. He did not bother attempting
conversing, he had no idea if the girl even spoke English, and simply
smiled at her impishly, his pointed ears flickering at her like a wink.
The girl giggled behind her hand, and allowed him to lead her towards
the floor.

"Do you think they make a cute couple?"

He glanced at her briefly to make sure she wasn't joking.

"I… I suppose they make an attractive pair. As much as we can tell under
the circumstances."

"They appear to get along rather well."

Considering they had only been in each other's company for two minutes,
he thought she was being overly generous.

"Harry's at that age where he gets along with any pretty girl, I am
afraid," he said, voicing his skepticism.

"You needn't look so put out. I am quite aware that they are not an
equal match. Serafina is a ninny with hero worship. Harry will
overshadow her in everything he does."

Here, she caught him by surprise. He was not expecting her to be so
openly disparaging of her own flesh and blood. Additionally, while he
knew she was fond of Harry, he hadn't realized she held so much respect
for him as well.

"Nevertheless, she is next in line fore the throne, and should that day
come I want her to have a strong and trustworthy husband standing beside
her, someone capable of compensating for her weaknesses."

If he had been startled before, he was completely floored now. In all
the time he had known her, she had never so much as hinted at a possible
union between her niece and his protégé. In some ways, it made a great
deal of sense. Britain did not have an official monarchy, but
unofficially, he was king and Harry was prince. It was not recorded
anywhere, not even said directly in the press except humorously or even
sarcastically, but ask any child in Britain who the prince of Britain
was and 'Harold Potter' would be the instant and natural answer.

Voldemort had been entertaining the ideal of creating an official
monarchy for some time, and he had intended for it to come about through
marriage. Ideally, he wished it to be marriage to Queen Ophelia whose
royal bloodline was ancient and well respected. He had even entertained
the idea of Harry marrying into a royal family to the same affect, but
had gradually lost interest in the idea.

Past experience had taught him he did not like the boy outside of
Britain. His visit with the queen that night had been a result of this
anxiety, a 'just in case' his protégé decided to run off on a fool's
errand or get abducted or face an attacking army. Additionally, he did
not like Harry left to his own devices, outside of his influence, for
long periods of time. His young friend was precocious, and he was
entering an age of growing independence and self-confidence that would
soon lead them into conflict if not readily curbed.

Give Harry a country of his own, a weak willed queen, and public zeal
and Voldemort would find himself facing someone potentially as scary as
himself, if entirely different reasons.

Which while theoretically intriguing, was probably a logistical
nightmare to deal with.

"It is far too early for decisions such as that to be made," he
suggested. "They are both young, war time politics are different from
peace time politics, and more importantly, you are still quite young.
The chances of you producing an heir are still high."

She gave him a knowing look.

"I am starting to think you are reluctant to let the boy go."

"Absolutely," he agreed. "Have you seen what happens when no one is
watching him? Have you seen what happens even when they do? It is all
marvelously entertaining when you are not the one dragged into it."

"You love it, though, don't you? It all must be terribly exciting
compared to being an evil Overlord."

He smiled at that.

"One does need to keep entertained. Now, I have given you my opinion.
Will you tell me what you both talked about?"

She told him. He sighed.

"Again, with the Granger girl. He needs a new hobby."

"You do not object?"

She sounded genuinely surprised.

"Do you want me to?"

"It would be helpful," she admitted. "At least a little."

"I will make the effort, but only because you asked."

"You are too kind."

"I try. Would you like to dance?"

"I would love to, but I have other business to attend to first. Can you
keep yourself entertained in the meantime?"

"That is Harry's job. I will let him know he is being remiss in his
duties."

Her hand, which he had not let go of and had in fact been rubbing
sensuous circles over with his thumb, found its way once again to his
mouth as he kissed it. He pulled away, and slipped out of the alcove
with her guards and lady-in-waiting glaring bloody murder into his back.
*Honestly,* he thought, *she is a grown woman. She doesn't need anyone
to guard her virtue.*

---

Harry danced two dances with Princess Serafina. He could not say they
were particularly memorable. She did not speak English and he did not
speak French, which she didn't seem to notice as she nattered at him
about something or other without waiting for him to reply. Despite his
propensity for being attracted any female between the ages of fourteen
and forty and her own fey attractiveness, he found himself very quickly
bored with her. He was so used to the company of strong and unique
women, that it did not take him long to realize his partner was not
among them. It became obvious that she was depending on him to do or say
something, rather than making it happen for herself. He did not know
what she was expecting and he did not much care.

Making the excuse that he needed to find his chaperone (he doubted she
understood a word he said and look very near devastated when he handed
her off to an eager young man), he left the dance floor once again and
begged off any who approached him. He managed to find the professor
entertaining a small crowd of men and women. Slughorn seemed to be
enjoying himself, and not wanting to get drawn into his social scheming,
he decided to look for Fleur.

Turning around, he found her standing right behind him.

"Merlin, don't *do* that!"

"It iz not my fault you are oblivious," she pointed out, leading him
back out to the relative privacy of the dance floor. "'Ow did your dance
go with Zerafina?"

He shrugged, taking her into his arms and falling into step. He felt the
immediate chemistry that had been absent with Serafina spring up between
them.

"She iz ze 'eir to ze throne. Did you know?"

"No," he said. He suspected he would be seeing a lot of her over the
years, and perhaps should have made more of an effort to get along with
her. Maybe Hermione and she could be friends? Somehow, he doubted it.

"You are 'ard to impress," she said.

"I am impressed with accomplishments, not circumstances. 'Merit over
inherit', I guess you could say."

"That's very bourgeoisie of you."

He had no idea what that meant, but before he could ask, he suddenly
found his arms empty. Disoriented, he stood there stupidly for a moment,
blinking at the empty space that had previously been occupied by an
audacious white rabbit. He looked around.

It didn't take long to spot her. The long white ears were hard to miss.
She was now in the arms of the man who brushed passed him as he left the
queen's antechamber. The lion, dressed in medieval wizarding battle
gear, was leading her off the dance floor. Harry stood there, wondering
what exactly was happening and perhaps more importantly *why*. He had
never had anyone steal a dancing partner right out from under him. At
least, not at a formal party.

Additionally, why wasn't Fleur breaking away?

Finally, he had to move if only to avoid the other dancers, and began
his chase. He followed them off the dance floor and into the crowds,
then through the crowds and up the stairs, the menagerie behind them
murmuring in speculation over what was happening. In the hallway, the
escaping duo was moving even more quickly and Harry found himself having
to jog just to keep them in sight.

No one attempted to stop them, and again Fleur made no attempt to escape
from her abductor. Harry was becoming simultaneously irritated and
concerned. He checked his wand to make sure it slipped in and out of his
sleeve easily, and broke out into a run. The halls seemed endless,
stretching on to infinity, guards or attendants standing outside
doorways acted as the only solid proof that he wasn't stuck in some sort
of infinity spell or running in circles.

The music of the ballroom soon faded away to the sound of their
thrumming footsteps and Fleur's gasping laughter. Clearly this was a
joke of some kind. Had Bill Weasley managed to sneak into the event? If
he had, how had he gotten the lion's mask and audience with the Queen?

And suddenly, it clicked.

Finally, the corridors ended and he followed his query through what
appeared to be a music room and through a set of French doors into the
palace gardens. It was passed eight in the evening, and the sky was
dark, but the gardens were brilliantly lit with lanterns and fairy
lights. The autumn air was cool and slightly damp, but after his run it
felt marvelous.

His run, it seemed, was over, but not the chase. The palace gardens had
a maze.

"Oh, very mature!" he shouted.

The only response he got was the sound of Fleur giggling from somewhere
behind the well manicured hedges of the maze. Rolling his eyes, he moved
to follow. He wondered what Queen Ophelia would think of them running
around her home like naughty children in a game of tag.

"This isn't funny!" he insisted, stalking down the path, then turned
around again when he realized it was a dead end, and again when he
reached another dead end. This happened several times, and in his haste
he knew he had become hopelessly turned around. He didn't bother
worrying about it.

"Oh, lighten up! *Titillo!*" a masculine voice called out behind him.

"*Protego!*" Bringing up the Shield Charm, he blocked the Tickling Hex
just in time, and charged in the direction of the attack. A Laughing Hex
and Slipping Jinx were both easily blocked in the narrow confines of the
maze, and when he finally managed to catch up to his attacker, he
physically tackled him into ground.

"*Oompf!*"

Harry couldn't reply any more articulately. He was breathing heavily
after the chase and mock-fight, and couldn't get an adequate breathe to
gloat. In fact, he was having a hard time climbing to his feet.
Partially underneath him, the Dark Lord was laughing, his lion's teeth
bared in a snarl. Harry pushed himself up just enough to punch him in
the stomach, earning him another 'oompf'. It wasn't until he flopped
onto his back to catch his breath that he noticed Fleur seated on a
bench, clutching her sides as she laughed mutely behind a Silencing
Charm.

"Did you have fun?" he finally huffed out. "Or shall we go up to the
roof and toss water bombs[^121-2] at passersby?"

"Well, if I had my personal preference…" Voldemort began, still
chuckling as he finally climbed to his feet. He helped Harry to do the
same. He cast a cleaning charm on himself, and tried to do the same to
his protégé, but his wand was push aside distrustfully. "I don't
remember you being this uptight."

"I don't remember you being this… silly. Everyone must think Britain is
filled with loons," the Gryffindor replied indignantly.

"When did you figure out it was me?"

"About half way down the hall. Who else could have had a meeting with
the queen and then felt the need to steal my date? Don't you have one of
your own?"

"Of course. Queen Ophelia is my partner for the evening."

Harry was honestly taken back. Voldemort grinned at him. He had enjoyed
himself greatly. It was nice to have the boy running after *him* for
once.

"She was busy, so she let me loose on the flock."

He crossed his arms, looking skeptical, but he was already feeling his
agitation thaw under the Dark Lord's strange humor. Across from them,
Fleur had stopped laughing and was watching their interaction with rapt
attention. He flicked his wand at her and instantly rendered her deaf.
She gave him an annoyed scowl. Chances were, she could undo it at any
time, but it would be fairly obvious when she did.

"What are you doing here?"

"Boredom."

"Are you drunk?"

"I don't drink to relieve boredom. It doesn't work on me. Besides,
occasional spontaneity is important in any relationship."

"I think our relationship is pretty much defined by its spontaneity, my
Lord."

"Who says I was talking about our relationship?"

"Then who…"

His eyes widened.

"The queen? You're in a relationship with the Queen of France?"

The elder wizard looked entirely too smug suddenly.

"You knew I was courting her," he reminded.

"Through *letters*. Maybe some flirting during private meetings, but…
really? How far… no, wait, I don't want to know."

"I never do anything half way."

"I don't want to know!"

"She thinks I am a very generous lover."

"Stop!"

"There is this one spot, just between the shoulder blades that drives
her absolutely crazy."

"Enough!"

"Have you ever seen the night dress of a French witch? Miraculous."

Harry pointed his wand at his tormentor.

"Die!"

Fleur watched all of this from her perch on the bench, mute and having
no idea what they were saying, she was, nevertheless, laughing to the
point of tears.

\~ Author's notes\~

Remember Allbright? Probably not, but he was a rookie duelist in books
III and IV.

If the banter with the queen seem a bit excessive and/or quirky, I blame
it on Fletch novels I've been reading the last three weeks. They're 90%
quirky banter.

Water bombs are essentially water balloons, except they're magical so
they hold about ten times as much water as water balloon of the same
size.