# Chapter 136

"Harry."

He opened his eyes, but the cabin was dark. The moon was outside the
window somewhere, a waning gibbous behind the clouds. The fire in the
iron stove had burned down to dark red embers.

On either side of him, he felt and heard the steady breathing of several
people pressed around him. The icy air within the cabin pressed against
his eyelids and nipped at his cheeks, but in his little cocoon of
blankets and bedfellows he felt decidedly comfortable. He felt no desire
to move, and he doubted Sirius would have wanted him to either, if he
were awake to protest. Fatigued from his ordeal, a mild fever had fallen
over him shortly after his arrival at the colony, and Sirius had
predictably overreacted. His godfather had ordered him to bed, and he
had barely left it in the last three days.

Harry spent his waking hours staring at the ceiling and wondering about
Hermione and Voldemort and Draco, and his sleeping hours in fitful
dreams he didn't remember upon waking. He didn't see Sirius for the most
part until he came to bed, but he was never left alone. If Remus wasn't
there, then one of the healers would be or some other guardian was there
to watch him and ensure he wasn't disturbed. Or didn't run off.

Who had woken him now?

Had it only been a dream?

He closed his eyes and settled back again. Weight suddenly pressed down
on his legs, and he sat up with a start. Groaning and shuffling ensued
as he disturbed the bed, but no one woke. He made to shout, but a hand
quickly covered his mouth. A small hand, rough and callused though it
was.

"Harry."

This time he recognized the voice. He relaxed and gently pulled the
other's hand from his mouth.

"Luna, what are you doing here?" he whispered.

As far as he knew she wasn't even supposed to be in the Goddess Colony,
but at another colony further north.

"Someone has come to see you," she whispered, and he could feel her warm
breath brush against his face. She was very close.

"In the middle of the night?" he asked suspiciously. A part of him had
forgiven her for her loyalty to Greyback, but that didn't mean he
completely trusted her yet.

"She risked much to find you. Come."

Suddenly, her weight disappeared, and he felt her presence move away,
even though there was no sound until the door to the cabin groaned
slightly as it opened and closed. A draft of cold air struck his bare
arms and face, making him shiver. It smelled of snow.

Briefly, he entertained the idea of lying back down, going back to
sleep, and opting out of whatever little game Luna was playing. But only
briefly. Luna hadn't named his guest, but it sounded as if Hermione
herself may have come to find him. That wasn't something he could
ignore. Reluctantly and cautiously, he climbed out from under the
blankets and towards the end of the bed while trying not to wake anyone
in the process.

As soon as he was free of the bed he began to shiver in earnest. He had
only a sleeveless wool nightshirt and his trousers, and the floor felt
like ice against his bare feet. He fumbled blindly about the room for a
bit until he found the fur cloaks hanging on the wall and several pairs
of leather boots beneath them. He slipped into the warmest he could find
by touch alone. It wasn't ideal. The boots and cloak were both too big,
but he didn't dare delay by looking for his own clothes. If Sirius
caught him, he'd be stuck in bed once again and there was no telling how
long Luna would bother to wait for him.

Wrapping the borrowed cloak tightly around himself, he braced himself
against the cold and slipped out the door. It wasn't snowing like he had
thought, but there was a thin layer of it on the ground.

He spotted Luna immediately. At least, he assumed it was Luna. He had
forgotten to grab his glasses, and in the flickering light of the torch
it was difficult to make out the figure holding it. White against white,
Luna was barely distinguishable from the surrounding snow in her white
furs. Carefully, he moved to meet her, but she was already turning to
lead the way.

"Luna, wait," he called softly. Sirius would be furious if he woke and
saw him missing. Whether Luna heard him or not, she didn't stop or turn
around. He could not run to catch up, and he didn't dare allow her to
get too far ahead that he couldn't follow. Nervously, he trudged after
her.

It didn't take him long to figure out she was taking him towards the
wall, which further convinced him of the possibility of Hermione
visiting. If it had been another werewolf, there would have been no
reason to travel that far. Within minutes they reached the wall, now
spread three times the length it had been last time he had seen it, and
fire cisterns had been lit along the walkway while archers patrolled
between them. Harry hesitated at the sight of those shadowy figures, but
Luna continued forward without hesitation and finally he followed after
her.

One of the figures on the wall stopped as he spotted Luna's approach and
climbed down a nearby ladder to greet her. They spoke for a moment, and
the guard turned to Harry and then nodded before climbing back up the
wall. Harry couldn't help but wonder at it. How was it she could
convince the guards to go against Sirius orders of keeping him within
the colony? It made him decidedly nervous.

This time Luna waited for Harry until he had reached her.

"What are we doing out here?"

"One of the guards came to me when she arrived. They didn't dare let her
in, but they were afraid to send her away. They are afraid of her. But
I'm not, and you will not be."

That didn't sound like Hermione.

"Why didn't they go to Sirius?"

Luna smiled a bit at that.

"Have you ever woken him up when he doesn't want to be? He is like a
bear in winter."

The was true, but not a wholly satisfying answer. He started to ask her
why they came to her then instead of someone else, but she was already
slipping away through a narrow door and out the other side. He hesitated
a moment longer, knowing what he was doing was reckless and foolish, and
yet still he needed to know. It still could possibly be Hermione.

He followed.

Luna waited for him by the door, and as he exited she suddenly leaned
forward and kissed his eyelids. Her lips and her magic felt warm against
his skin, and as he opened his eyes he could see her clearly again. The
light from her torch cast everything in a yellow and orange glow, but
her pupils were blown wide and encircled with the thinnest band of
shinning silver. It made him think of deep wells and lunar eclipses.
Snow had caught in her hair, turning it almost as white as her furs. She
could have been the moon Herself come down in human form, he felt for
just a moment before he remembered he couldn't afford to fall in love
with her and turned away.

His attention was caught almost immediately by another. This one was
pale with raven hair and eyes that glowed icy blue. He knew her at once.

If Luna were the moon, then Selufiare was the winter night.
Simultaneously dark and pale, cold and fierce, beautiful and deadly. She
was cloaked in black, and one pale hand stroked the narrow head of her
black faerie mount so that the darkness all around her framed the stark
paleness of her face and hands. She had a very lovely face and hands.

Bobby had said she may be the next Midnight Queen, the Winter Goddess,
and looking at her now he could easily believe it.

He felt his heart suddenly pounding. He felt suddenly flush. She was an
Enchantress he reminded himself. The only reason he was reacting so
strongly was because his magic was too depleted to help him resist her
natural charms. Yes, he told himself, that is the only reason. Don't get
carried away.

It helped to think of how ridiculous he probably looked right now;
bed-tossed hair, oversized fur cloak, pale skinny legs sticking out the
bottom, and boots nearly falling off. But it didn't help much. She
wasn't any less lovely for his own ridiculousness.

"My lady," he said, trying to keep his voice steady. "What an unexpected
pleasure."

Her cool expression softened and warmed, thawing the impression of
winter about her.

"Unexpected, no doubt, but a pleasure? I wonder."

"You helped Bobby and me escape. I am grateful to you for that."

She seemed pleased by his words, but her expression was touched with
sadness.

"And a dear price was paid. Did your God Eater tell you what he did to
our city? Did he gloat?"

Harry wouldn't necessarily call it gloating, but the Dark Lord certainly
hadn't been ashamed to go into the details of his own little adventure
into Hausteheim. He hadn't known what to think of it at the time, and
eventually he hadn't bothered to stop and think about it at all. There
had been so many other things to occupy his thoughts.

"He told me, my Lady."

"I suppose I have no right to complain. We received what we asked for in
the end. That's not why I am here, however."

"I admit I am a little confused," Harry said. "How did you find me? Does
your father know where you are? Where I am?"

"While Lord Gulandri would indeed be interested in your whereabouts, he
is currently too preoccupied to concern himself with either of us. As
for how I found you..."

She slipped her hand into her cloak, and Harry found himself suddenly
tensing. He mentally applauded himself for not turning completely into a
love-sick fool. When she pulled her hand free something shiny was
dangling by a chain in her hand. At first he thought it was a medallion,
but a closer look revealed it to be a watch.

His watch.

"Oh."

"Yes," she said. "Your bond with this object is very strong. I can feel
its longing for you whenever I hold it. Have you missed it too?"

He stared, mesmerized, as the watch twirled and gleamed faintly in the
torchlight. His hands twitched. Had he missed it? Every single day. Out
of everything he owned, he probably only would have missed his wand
more.

And suddenly, it was gone again, disappearing into Selufiare's cloak. He
looked away quickly to hide the sudden flare of anguish caused by its
absence, his eyes roving in search of some possible threat that might
have snuck up during his distraction. All he saw was empty woods and
Luna, watching intently. He flushed, this time in embarrassment. He had
forgotten she was there.

"It led me here," the naga continued. "But I cannot stay long. Days are
passing in Hausteheim for the hours I spend here, and eventually Lord
Gulandri will begin to wonder."

"Then why come? This place isn't safe. If my godfather found you or some
random wizard..."

"Then it is best I not linger. I have come to make a bargain with you,
Harry Potter, Twilight Seeker, Ghihalmelan."

A chill ran down his spine. Bargains with faeries were dangerous.
Bargains with *anyone* were dangerous but especially with faeries.
Still, Selufiare had never been anything less than generous and kind to
him, and she deserved to be heard.

"I am listening."

"In Hausteheim I asked for a kiss, but I had nothing worth trading to
you. I have something now."

Harry could feel his ears burning and was very aware of Luna's eyes on
his back. He coughed uncomfortably in his hand.

"Ah... that's... Do the same rules apply? You will not try to enchant me
or bind me to you?"

"As tempting as that would be... I swear I shall not cast my magic over
you."

"It doesn't seem like much of a trade," Harry pointed out.

She gave him an ironic smile.

"I may not take you, gentle sir, but I assure you I will not leave empty
handed."

That didn't sound good. He looked to Luna. Luna looked at Harry.

"If you like, I'll kill her if she tries anything," she offered.

Harry stared at her. How messed up was he that he found her offer
endearing? More importantly, even with the backup, was it worth the
risk? For all its sentimental value, it was just a watch. If he wanted
he could transfigure one just like it or have Hermione... No, he
couldn't ask Hermione to make him another. He couldn't ask Hermione for
anything. One way or another, she might be gone from his life forever.

It was the first gift Hermione had ever given him. It was the first
thing he ever felt truly belonged to him. It was the only thing to have
followed him and survived his every adventure and mishap aside from his
wand (had actually followed him more faithfully than his wand). At some
point, the watch had become his talisman, his lucky charm, and he felt
anxious and depressed whenever he reached for it only to find it wasn't
there. Selufiare said there was a bond between him and it. That bond
could not be replaced any more than his bond with Hermione could be.

He needed it back.

What was the harm in a little kiss?

He came to stand before her. He felt his ears burning as he drew near,
her loveliness growing with every approaching step. She was so pale, and
yet there was just a touch of rosy pink to her cheeks and the tip of her
nose from the cold, and it complimented the soft pink of her full lips.
Closer still he could make out the faintest diamond pattern of her skin,
which served to remind him she was a naga and not a human, but her
exoticism did nothing to detract from her beauty.

However, reminding himself that beneath those pretty lips was a set of
fangs filled with the same poison that had withered the Dark Lord's arm
into a blackened husk within minutes helped him keep his reserve.
Mostly.

"I accept."

There was no time given for him to wonder about Selufiare's
diamond-patterned skin or her fangs or the terrible danger he had just
put himself in. He had no sooner spoken the words, then she reached out
to take his face in her hands and guide him to her lips. Her touch was
icy cold against his feverish skin but soft, like her magic that lapped
up against his senses the moment they connected.

The kiss itself was chaste, no more than two pairs of lips touching
gently, but her magic made it intimate. He could feel it prodding and
measuring his mind and body and soul, not invading or corrupting as a
true spell would, but rather taking mold of all that he was, had ever
been, and, possibly, what he might yet become.

It wasn't the deepest kiss he had ever had, but it was the longest, over
a minute without moving, and when he pulled away he found Selufiare was
crying.

Harry felt as if he had been crying too, empty and tired, but his eyes
were dry. Maybe it was just the fever?

"What's wrong?" he asked.

She blinked and took a shaky breath, taking a step back.

"Yours is such a sad story. Sad, but beautiful." She forced herself to
smile weakly. "And a bit odd."

That made him smile despite how obviously he had distressed her. So even
the faeries thought he was a bit odd? He couldn't say he was surprised.
He had stopped looking too closely at the absurdity of his own existence
years ago. That way laid madness.

He held out his hand, and she laid his watch in it.

A bitter sweet pleasure filled him. He had missed his watch terribly,
but even so it was a poor substitute for the friend that had given it to
him. It would be a great comfort and a sad reminder in the days to come.

A hand touched his arm, too warm to be Selufiare's, and he felt suddenly
embarrassed.

"Yes, Luna?" he asked without looking away from his watch.

"Let's go."

He didn't recognize her tone. Anger, maybe? Resignation? He turned to
her, but she was already moving away. He turned to Selufiare who was
already climbing onto her mount.

"Before you go," he said. "Will you tell me what happened to Carrigan's
box? Did Gulandri ever get it open?"

Selufiare smiled, a touch of genuine amusement in her eyes at his
question though they still remained shiny with tears.

"As a matter of fact, he hasn't. His magic does not lean towards
uncovering mysteries, nor is he particularly curious by nature. By now,
he has probably forgotten about it."

This pleased Harry, although at this point he didn't know why. While the
contents of the box had been important to Carrigan, his past
incarnation, they had also been things related to Lord Voldemort, whom
Harry was deeply inclined to take a cricket bat to these days. Still,
Gulandri was no friend of his. There was no telling what was in that box
or how its contents might be used against him.

"I don't suppose you would be willing to trade..."

A snowball collided with the back of his head, icy flakes slid down his
neck and into the back of his cloak. Luna was losing her patience with
him.

Selufiare, however, looked intrigued.

"And what would you be willing to give for it?"

"What does my Lady desire?"

She smiled.

"A secret."

"I have given you all of mine with that kiss."

"Another's secret, then."

"What sort of secret?"

"An important one. One only you know. One that might destroy them."

Harry's first thought was of Ron and his attempted murder, but then he
remembered Snape knew of that too. He thought of Hermione, but he would
never betray her like that. Voldemort came to mind quickly, but while it
was true he knew many secrets about the Dark Lord only he was privy to,
he didn't know any he thought would destroy the other wizard. Even if he
did, he wasn't so sure he should give it to Selufiare. She had a score
to settle with the Dark Lord, and while Harry did too, death wasn't his
end game. As much as he hated Voldemort these days, they shared a
history that could not be forgotten. Hermione's fate was not yet sealed,
and until it was he thought he might still be able to forgive the other
wizard.

Maybe.

"I have no such secret," he admitted.

"Fortunately, I don't have the box with me either. By the time you have
the one, I shall have the other," she said, turned, and rode away.

She disappeared within moments, and he began making the trek back to the
cabin and his warm bed. He could no longer feel his toes or fingers, and
the wetness seeping down his head and back were a small torture. Luna
waited for him at the wall and let him warm his fingers over her torch
for a bit.

"Am I dreaming, Luna?" he asked. "This doesn't seem quite real."

She stared across the torchlight at him for a moment, and he stared back
into the black depths of her eyes and wondered what lay at the bottom.
Once there had been a goddess there, but now there were a hundred other
things that made Luna who and what she was.

"You are not sleeping," she said finally. "But you may yet be dreaming.
Do you dream of me often?"

Heat rose to his face that had nothing to do with the fire.

"I would not call it an unusual occurrence."

Her smile was a bit sad.

"I wish you would dream of me more often. I miss you terribly, Harry."

* * * * *

When he woke again, the sun was shining and the bed was empty. The stove
fire had been rebuilt at some point so that Harry felt stifled under the
pile of furs. Beneath his pillow he felt something metal and round
gripped in his hand. He pulled out the watch and stared at it for
several minutes.

It hadn't been a dream.

A rustle of feathers drew his attention upwards. Elsbeth and Bobby
stared down at him intently from their perch on a support beam. He let
out small gasp and, after considerable effort, managed to push the furs
off of him so that he could sit up.

"Good morning," he said.

"Afternoon, actually," Bobby corrected and fluttered down. Elsbeth
tilted her head this way and that, looking at him curiously before
joining the raven on the bed. There was a package tied to her leg.

"It's good to see you. Have you heard about what happened?"

"Some of it. Snape wasn't feeling particularly chatty."

"You spoke to Snape?"

"He wanted me to deliver a message. One he didn't want to risk writing
down in case it was intercepted."

"And the message?"

"'She's in France.'"

Harry let out a raspy little laugh which quickly turned to coughing, but
he couldn't stop smiling. Hermione had escaped! Draco must have found
some way to warn her. Who cared how, really? She was safe. For now, she
was safe.

"Praise the Goddess," he sighed in relief.

"Raecellos deserves a bit of praise there too, if you don't mind. He is
the god of travelers, after all."

Harry smiled at him gratefully.

"Absolutely. I'll make an offering as soon as I can."

"Don't push yourself. You look a fright."

"I'll rest easier now. Thank you, Bobby."

The raven puffed and preened under his praise. Elsbeth turned up her
beak and ignored him. Harry offered her a few gentle strokes down her
breast and a promise of some fresh mice (the granary always had full
traps in the mornings) and untied the package. Inside was a newspaper, a
letter, and a book. The newspaper was spouting the rather obnoxious
headline 'Honor Student Prime Suspect in Christmas Massacre!' and a
picture of Hermione that must have been taken at a Dueling Competition,
her dark uniform and scowl making her look uncharacteristically fierce.
He eyed it dubiously before setting it aside. He would read it
eventually, if only to find out what the public was going to be led to
believe, but he knew once he read it his good mood would turn sour.

He picked up the letter and opened it. Bobby hopped up onto his shoulder
so that he could read it as well.

*Potter*

*The situation will keep until you return to Hogwarts. Don't do anything
stupid. Read a book or something.*

*S.S.*

"Loquacious he is not," Bobby quipped. "Do you believe him?"

"Yeah, I suppose so. He's definitely taking extra care that no one finds
out about her being in France. If he's telling me not to try anything,
maybe he's already got something in works to keep her safe or find the
real culprit and doesn't want me messing with it."

"Or maybe he just wants to keep you out of the way."

Harry sighed.

"He doesn't have to worry much about that. I'm not going anywhere any
time soon."

He looked at the book Snape had supposedly sent him to read. It was his
potions textbook. Typical.

He let out a sigh.

"I don't suppose you would be able to find Hermione in France?"

"Am I capable of it? Certainly. Will I? No."

"Why not?"

"For one thing, I'm not your owl."

Elsbeth let out an indignant hoot at that.

"For another, you can't be left unsupervised."

Harry scowled at him.

"I'm plenty supervised, thank you very much. In fact, I've got more
supervision than I can stand at the moment."

"And yet... where did you get the watch, Harry?"

* * * * *

The Hotel Raoulin was not the sort of place Hermione would have ever
considered staying in of her own volition back home, but her brief stint
at the Persnickety Inn had given her some perspective that she was
grateful for now. The hotel was old and a bit run down, but clean and
vermin-free. The little white vase on her bedside table had a chip in
it, but the five daisies were fresh, and though her bed was narrow and
squeaked, the sheets were pristine white, the comforter was thick, and
the pillows smelled pleasantly of hops. A second bed stood on the other
side of the room from hers, a basket of folded laundry on top of it
waiting to be put away and a little book of poetry on the pillow.

The other bed belonged to her roommate, Enid, who had a sweet smile
despite a missing tooth and kept a tidy space. Hermione thought they
would get along just fine, and she admitted she wasn't opposed to the
company. The last three days had been the loneliest she had ever known.

The ferry ride to France had been nerve-wracking, but uneventful. There
had been a moment of panic when a uniformed muggle had asked to see her
ID before letting her off the dock, but he had barely glanced at it
before letting her through, trunk and all.

After that, things got complicated.

She spent three days walking around the city trying to find the
wizarding sections, trying to find a place to stay, and trying to find
work. Four pickpocket attempts (that she knew about), a near miss with a
automobile, a not-miss with a bicycle (for which the cyclist refused to
apologize), more time spent lost than she would ever admit to anyone,
eight job postings she was turned down outright for because her French
wasn't good enough or she didn't have a wand she could use, and a
terrifying moment when she spotted her own face staring back at her from
a newspaper. Three nights spent in a hostel with complete strangers, one
spent dying her hair black and styling it to the local fashion by a
muggle girl with five facial piercings and fangs, another avoiding the
amorous attentions of a traveling American student, and one foiled
attempt to steal her trunk while she was sleeping.

It had all been so exhausting, and she had little to show for it but a
new hair cut she sort of liked and a painful education about the hazards
of pedestrian traffic in the muggle world. She had tried to take some
time every day just to stop and look around her and appreciate the fact
that she was in Paris, one of the most beautiful and historically
significant cities in the world, muggle and wizarding alike. Sometimes
it helped. Usually, it didn't.

But on the fourth day, this day, she had found a job and a place to stay
all in one, and she felt happy. Relieved and happy. Madam Prewitt was a
French-born witch who had married a British wizard and spent many happy
years together. She was widowed during the war when her husband returned
to Britain to find his siblings and never returned. She kept a hotel and
had staffed it entirely with British refugees, mostly young women who
were at risk of falling into prostitution. The pay was miserable, but
Madam Prewitt offered free room and discounted board for those who
wanted it. She was a hard, stubborn woman who liked things done her way,
but her heart was in the right place. Hermione's position as maid and
Thursday night receptionist wasn't particularly glamorous or even
interesting, but she wasn't in a position to be choosey.

Hermione took a deep breath and let it out. This was home for now. She
would make it work.

She set her trunk at the end of the bed, pulled out a few items for
later, put away her extra money in the hidden side compartment, and went
downstairs.

"Heloise!" Mrs. Prewitt barked as she came into view, hands on her plump
hips. "Ztop dallying about, girl, and get your cloak! You will go with
Enid to pick up groceries. She will show you 'round."

"Yes, Madam," she said, and hurried to obey.

Enid was already waiting for her with her cloak and offered her another
smile as she led her out onto the street. Enid was English born and
spoke fluently, but with a slight French accent that would probably only
get worse with time.

"She doesn't normally send us out at night," the girl said as they
exited the backdoor of the hotel, "But the cook, Andrew, gave Lorelei a
pinch for making fun of him and she dropped an entire batch of eggs that
he needs for cake and then there's the breakfast crowd tomorrow...
Anyway, she normally doesn't like us going out at night. I think she's
afraid someone is going to just up and run off with us."

Enid laughed at this, but it was a nervous sort of laugh and her eyes
flitted to the dark corners of the street.

"Does that happen?" Hermione asked, looking around. The street had an
abundance of light, but also an abundance of dark nooks and alleys, and
while the street was busy it seemed to be inhabited mostly by bar
hoppers and young couples.

"Well... not really run off with, but, you know... You hear about things
happening sometimes. Not a lot, mind, but enough that you shouldn't ever
come out here alone at night. Mrs. Prewitt is right about that. But
during the day, it's alright."

Hermione considered. This neighborhood wasn't the safest or prettiest,
but she couldn't afford either and as long as she kept her wits about
her, she should be fine. It wasn't like she had many reasons to go
wandering around alone at night.

"I'll remember. Thank you, Enid."

The girl gave her a bashful grin and shook her head.

"Oh, don't think noth'n of it miss. Us girls got to look out for each
other. Ruby did it for me when I started working here, and now I'll be
doing it for you. It's the right way of doing things."

"Yes, that's the right way," Hermione agreed, smiling back.

* * * * *

Viktor turned his head sharply and paused mid-step. Goethe followed a
moment later, only turning back to look directly at his Master.

"Something wrong?"

Viktor blinked, then continued walking as if nothing had happened.

"I thought I recognized someone. All English girls sound alike, I
suppose."

"An English girl? Is that your type, then?"

"My type of vot?"

Goethe just grinned.

"I'll ask you about your English wench later, but right now I think we
should be more concerned about the fools following us rather than the
fool that let you slip away."

"My friend, if you value your tongue I suggest you use it more visely. I
knew ve vere being followed since the Rue du St. Claire."

"And what do you intend to do with him?"

"Da same thing I did vith da last two."

"I wish you would reconsider. The last two murders have set the Aurors
against us."

"Da Aurors are set against no one. Dey do not know who is to blame."

"They will if you kill this one. Let him follow for a while and then
lose him. No doubt there are a dozen like him wandering around following
the Master's people, as well."

"Assuming he did not set this one on our scent himself."

"Or perhaps despite that fact. Aurors do not trust vampires. It is a sad
fact. We really are quite loveable creatures."

"Hurting you becomes increasingly tempting, my friend."

"If that is the case, please take it out on the fool."

"Perhaps ve should go pay da Master a visit and take it out on him."

"Like I said, 'the fool'."

Viktor smiled grimly.

* * * * *

It had been nearly a week since Bobby and Elsbeth's arrival, and he had
started to go a little stir crazy. Sirius had confined him to the cabin,
and no amount of pleading or reasoning would let him relent, despite the
gradual return of both his strength and his magic. Not that there was
much time to argue his case. Sirius was Head Alpha, and while winter was
a quiet season, there were still responsibilities that required his
attention throughout the day so that Harry often saw him only when he
came to sleep or occasionally shared lunch or dinner with him. Remus was
sympathetic but unmoved.

"We love you, Harry, and in many ways you are the most honorable and
trustworthy person I know. But when it comes to doing what is best for
yourself, well..."

"I promised I wouldn't run off. I promised."

Remus looked at him fondly and ruffled his hair.

"I know. I believe you, but... Luna is here."

Harry's hand twitched.

"So?"

"So if she offered you the means to protect your friend, what would you
being willing to do for it?"

He frowned, ready to argue that Luna wouldn't do that. That she hadn't
done that, but he couldn't say that without revealing that he had snuck
out that night, and that he had done just the sort of stupid thing Remus
was afraid of. His godfather used his temporary speechlessness to
continue his animagus lessons, which wouldn't have been so bad except
his magic was still too weak for practice (and he was almost certain
Gulandri forced transformation would make it much easier to do it
purposefully if he only had the magic) and was left to learn theory.
Tedious though the lessons could be, he still missed Remus when he had
to leave to assist Sirius or attend his own duties.

Elsbeth came and went almost every day, bearing letters and newspapers.
The idea was to keep Harry informed of what was happening in the
wizarding world and with Hermione in particular, but the newspapers were
unhelpfully sensationalist and the letters were usually as vague and
uninformative as Snape's first letter. The only comfort he derived from
them was the knowledge that Hermione was still free and a few minutes'
distraction. Bobby was good company when he showed himself, but like
Sirius he was absent more frequently than not, patrolling the woods for
fae and exploring its mysteries. Harry imagined what it would be like
when he mastered his animagus form and would be able to accompany his
brother in his travels and explorations. Such thoughts only served to
make him more anxious to *do* something.

When left alone with his thoughts, he was left in constant and
exhausting battle with his own anxiety. His mind twisted in on itself.
Not just about Hermione, though she made the bulk of his fears, but
about Voldemort and what this all meant for them, Draco who was now a
Lord and whose friendship he was now uncertain of, Snape whose
allegiance had always been tenuous, Inspector Amelon who seemed to take
the entire investigation as a game, and Ron who may once again be
exposed to danger and endangering his family by proxy. Then there was
Britain itself. Her general was dead while they were at war. Every day
he opened the paper and expected to hear news of some sort of raid in
England or massive counterattack in Germany. Even with the battlefields
silent, the reorganization of Culties and Court of Foreign Intelligence
made him nervous, Lestrange's promotion not the least among his
concerns. What was the Dark Lord thinking?

One afternoon he spent three hours composing a letter to that effect,
which eventually turned into a treatise, and then into kindling for the
stove when he reminded himself that he was feuding with Voldemort and
therefore in no position to advise him in anything and likewise wasn't
speaking at all to him if he could help it. Not yet, anyway.

The day the school owl arrived, Harry was contemplating the advantages
and disadvantages of knocking himself unconscious. Sirius brought the
bird himself, looking none to pleased when it shrieked at him any time
he tried to reach for the package around its leg. Remus appeared behind
him and slapped him upside the head.

"You know better."

Sirius reluctantly handed the strange owl to Harry, who fed it a mouse
(he always made sure he had some on hand for Elsbeth in the absence of
owl treats) and removed the package while its sharp beak was thus
occupied. Inside was a change of school clothes, an overnight kit, a
note, and his wand. He slid his fingers over his wand reverently for
moment before turning to the note.

*Potter,*

*I have enclosed the necessary items for your return to civilization. I
will retrieve you at 9:00 AM, tomorrow. Prepare yourself.*

*S.S.*

Harry stared, then turned to his godfathers.

"What day is it?"

"Second semester starts the day after tomorrow," Remus said by way of
answer. Sirius just crossed his arms and scowled.

"The Hogwarts Express," Harry murmured.

He had almost forgotten about school. The train would leave tomorrow,
carrying the students back for the new semester. Snape was going to have
him ride the train with everyone else rather than simply go directly
back from the colony to the school. Why? And why so early? The train
didn't leave until 11:00. A press conference perhaps? Voldemort? Maybe
he had something he needed to say to Harry himself.

*Prepare yourself.*

*Well, thanks a lot for the bloody warning. Might help if you told me
what I needed to prepare myself for.*

That night, Sirius bundled him up in warm clothes and took him out to
the memorial. The sky was clear so that the stones seemed to glow a
bluish white in the moonlight, a few shades darker than the patches of
unmelted snow. So many stones for so many lives lost. It seemed a
lifetime ago, but Harry could still feel that special sort of agony only
grief could cause when he stared at them. For a long time, they stood
side by side without speaking.

"Don't make me bury you here," Sirius said at last. "I won't forgive you
if you do."

Finally, they made to leave, but just as they were about to move over a
small hill and out of sight of the memorial, Harry turned for one last
look. His breath caught.

Luna stood just where they had been standing a moment before, staring at
the stones in just the same way. The white of her fur cloak and her
natural paleness made her glow like the stones, like she were one of
them; beautiful, unmoving, and sad. A new grief, a new agony welled up
inside of him as he stared at her. She was alone. She was more alone
than Harry had ever been or ever likely would be. His decision that he
would never love her because he could never trust her now seemed so
selfish and petty.

From out of the darkness, another form appeared, also pale and clothed
in white. Jane. The Daughter of the Moon. Her gaze settled briefly on
Luna or perhaps the stones, but then slowly she turned her gaze to
Harry. Her expression was blank, but he felt recrimination in her heavy
stare. For what, he wondered. For the massacre of the colony? For Luna?
For denying his role as shaman and divine puppet? For some other,
unnamed sin?

He didn't know and didn't want to. He turned away and quickened his pace
to catch up with Sirius.

That night he could not sleep. His mind raced with what he had seen that
night and what was to come in the morning. He stared up into the
darkness of the cabin's ceiling, trying to catch Bobby's silhouette and
follow the soft rustle of feathers. Beside him, he could feel and hear
Sirius' breathing and knew if he turned his head he might catch the
faint glitter of his eyes watching him in an equally sleepless fashion.
He wanted to speak, to offer some words of reassurance and comfort, but
he didn't think he would be believed and there were others curled warmly
around them who would wake at the first whispered syllable.

So he said nothing, and they shared their sleeplessness and worry in
silence.

* * * * *

Harry must have fallen asleep at some point, because he was woken early
the next morning by the werewolves stirring from their sleep. He let
himself be rolled and jostled about as they climbed out of the bed, then
settled himself back to doze like he had every morning since his
arrival. Today, however, Remus shook him back to wakefulness.

"Up and at'em, Prongslet. No sleeping in today."

Reluctantly, he pulled himself out of the nice warm bed and dressed with
everyone else in the chilly cabin before stumbling half-asleep out into
the predawn morning. Breakfast at the Goddess Colony, like most things,
was communal and therefore everyone played their part in its
preparation. The women did most of the actual baking, while children
gathered things like milk and eggs, and the men began the day's chores
by cutting wood and stoking the fires. Harry, still of questionable
health, was kept out of the kitchen and sent to the communal bathhouse
to light the furnace and pump up fresh water. He could have used his
wand, but it felt like cheating when no one else did, even those who
could.

By the time he was done, breakfast was already started, and he slipped
into place beside Sirius. Sirius spared him a glance, but gave no other
indication that he was there. They were still maintaining the ruse that
Harry's position was an honor given out of necessity rather than
preference, and what protectiveness and affection the alpha allowed
himself to demonstrate could easily be misinterpreted purely as
possessiveness and dominance displays. Harry was okay with that. He
understood well the need to keep up appearances.

He took a moment to look for Luna along the breakfast tables, but she
was nowhere to be seen.

After a short and quiet breakfast, Harry was sent out to help others
with their chores, reestablishing the bonds of community that had been
weakened during his absence. He helped mend the roof of the smokehouse,
harvested branches for arrows in the woods, and helped slaughter sheep.
All the while he made conversation with his pack, gossiping about new
marriages, how well or badly the other colonies were doing, who was
making trouble for Blackbone, and who Blackbone was making trouble for.

No one asked how he had gotten hurt or about his life outside the
colony, and he did not offer an explanation. The one thing Sirius and
Fenrir had in common was their distinct lack of interest in wizarding
affairs, and it was a disinterest they encouraged in their pack. Harry
was left to figure out how to live with the dichotomy of his life by
himself. Usually, he thought he did fairly well. Other times, it just
made him feel lonely.

Dawn came and shortly after so did Remus, who hurried him along to the
bathhouse to enjoy the fruits of his own labor. He was simultaneously
sweaty and chilled from his chores outside, and the baths (three
monstrously large wooden tubs lined in waterproof canvas) were hot and
heavenly. Remus scrubbed his now fully grown hair like it was a
recalcitrant bit of laundry and poured bucket after bucket of water over
him.

"Your hair holds our scent the most," Remus explained.

"I am not ashamed of you. I'm not ashamed to smell like you either" he
said. He actually found their unique scent to be rather comforting. It
was vaguely musky with other earthy scents mixed in, like woodsmoke and
hay.

"That's because you're a remarkable young man. It makes others nervous
how comfortable you are with your own uniqueness. If you wish to help
your friend, it's best not to remind others how different you are. They
may underestimate you."

Harry felt both flattered and embarrassed by this and let his godfather
practically scrub his hair free of his scalp without another word of
protest. Once clean and dried, he changed into his school clothes and
felt immediately alien. The sense of wrongness only grew as he made his
way out of the colony, earning the uneasy looks of the werewolves. Were
they uneasy of him or for him? Did they worry what he would bring down
on them or what he was being sent away to face without his pack? Sirius'
thoughts on the matter were clear enough, however.

"They make you look like a little school boy," Sirius grumbled, looking
him up and down.

"Well, technically speaking, I am a school boy."

The alpha just snorted as if he'd said something ridiculous. It made
Harry want to smile, and now that they were near the border of their
territory and alone, he allowed himself to indulge. The corner of
Sirius' lip twitched upwards, but he managed to smother it with a deeper
frown. Remus laughed into his hand behind his back.

Snape came into sight as they neared the edge of the territory. He was
on the other side of the barrier, more symbolic than anything these days
given the ease with which Sirius and Remus were both able to cross it,
waiting impassively. His eyes narrowed at the sight of Harry's
godfathers, but he didn't move forward or away.

"I should go the rest of the way alone. You'll all just start sniping at
each other," Harry said.

Sirius grunted but didn't disagree. Remus squeezed his shoulder and
handed him the bundle of items he had accumulated during his stay; the
clothes he had arrived in, his potions book, the various letters and
papers Elsbeth had brought, and hidden deep within its folds was his
watch, carefully tucked away so no one could find it. He longed to carry
it in his pocket, to run his fingers over of the cool metal cover, but
he didn't dare. He didn't want to have to explain its sudden
reappearance.

They said their goodbyes with silent nods and intent stares, conveying
what needed to be said without needing the words to say them. Then, he
moved away from them and their world of werewolves to join Snape back in
the world of wizardry.

Bobby appeared suddenly and alighted on his shoulder along the way.

"See anything while you were out there?" he asked the raven.

"This and that. Nothing to concern yourself with now that you're
leaving."

Harry gave him a curious look. "And if I had stayed?"

"I would have highly recommended to your godfathers not to let you out
of that cabin. Ever."

"Fae? Are the others in danger?"

"Fae do not concern themselves with werewolves... so long as werewolves
don't concern themselves with fae. I can't say I'd want to be between
them if they ever found a bone to fight over."

"Gulandri?"

That might make return visits more complicated.

"Not in person. Might have been anyone. They may have only been curious.
You keep making yourself known to them, Harry. They're bound to take an
interest."

"I'll try to make myself more boring from now on," he said gloomily. By
then, Snape had come into hearing range and offered him a sardonic smile
and a remark.

"A worthwhile ambition in your case, to be sure."

"How are you, Headmaster? And Ira?"

"Tired, Mr. Potter. We're both very tired."

He turned and began walking the trail towards the edge of the forest and
Harry fell into step beside him.

"I am sorry," he said, and he meant it.

"It is the nature of these circumstances. Funerals are always exhausting
to plan, and a Malfoy funeral is even more so."

"How is Draco taking it?"

"Draco does the Malfoy name and Slytherin House credit, but he is
clearly out of his depth at the moment. I am not certain he will be
returning to Hogwarts this semester, or if he does, that he will
complete the term."

Harry gave him an alarmed look.

"Are things really that bad?"

"They are. I won't go into detail with you. That will be up to Draco."

Harry nodded, even though he was disappointed. He was still Draco's
friend, although he was no longer certain the sentiment was returned,
and he wanted to know what was going on in his life. Perhaps Natalie
would be more forthcoming.

"So what now?"

"Now? Now we go to breakfast, we run some errands, and I leave you at
the Hogwarts Express."

"I already had breakfast."

"I haven't and neither has the twenty some odd reporters who will soon
be following us."

Harry mentally groaned. So that was what Snape had meant by 'prepare
yourself'. Bobby quickly excused himself, not wanting any pictures of
Harry including him to appear in the papers, and promised to meet up
with him again later.

It didn't take long for the press to find him. When they finally reached
the road, there were already reporters and photographers waiting for
them, or rather for Harry. He was rather glad for Remus' extra attention
that morning, ensuring that he looked properly shined and polished
before sending him out. Left to his own devices, he was certain the
photos that would be appearing in the next edition of the Daily Prophet
would have featured himself looking as if he had rolled straight out of
his sick bed on his way to the nearest open grave. Now he was tired, but
tidy and very clearly not dead.

"Is it true your heart stopped after you were thrown down the stairs?!"

"What did you argue about with Lord Malfoy before the accident!"

"Do you have anything you'd like to say to Lord Malfoy's and Bartemius
Crouch's family?!"

"Why were you not at the funeral?"

"Is it true you conspired to run away and elope with Hermione Granger?"

Harry grit his teeth and kept his expression set and unmovable. He had
done this plenty of times before, but it was exceptionally difficult
today. There were things he wanted to say and accusations he wanted to
deny, but he knew better. Voldemort, Snape, Hermione, and Draco had all
told him it was useless to try to explain anything to the press. They
would twist whatever he said to suit themselves, and do him more harm
than good. Eventually, he might release an official statement or allow
for a one-to-one interview with someone a bit more trustworthy, but it
wasn't going to happen today, and it wasn't going to be while standing
in the middle of the road.

As per Snape's instructions, they apparated to Diagon Alley.

The press followed them, of course, but not into the Leaky Cauldron
itself. They seemed distinctly frightened of Tom, the owner of the
tavern who Harry strongly suspected of being a vampire, but no one else
seemed to notice or else just didn't mind. He welcomed Snape by his
first name and Harry with a polite nod and let them seat themselves.
Their table was unfortunately next to one of the few windows with open
shutters in the grubby-looking tavern. A dozen faces were instantly
pressed against the glass and ogling them like fish in a bowl.

"It's not much to look at," Snape said, "But the owner is discreet and
food isn't bad."

"How's the tea?"

"Better than anything you've made that I have tried."

Harry bit his lip to keep from smiling. Most of the tea Snape had tried
of his making had been Animagus tea and not the sort of thing he would
ever recommend drinking for its flavor. A woman with stringy hair and
ruddy cheeks, likely the maid, came and took their order before
disappearing. They talked off and on of errands and school year
expectations to kill the time and create the pretense to their watchers
that everything was fine. The maid brought him tea and Snape breakfast.
Feeling sufficiently observed, Snape abruptly closed the shutters to
eat.

"Any word on Hermione?" Harry asked softly.

"Nothing that I haven't told you before. No one has heard from her."

Which meant she was in France, but they weren't sure where. Harry
wondered if that made Snape as nervous as it did him. The muggle world
had its own sort of dangers, and Hermione hadn't been brought up to
recognize what precisely those were. She was very clever, but she
couldn't know what she didn't know, and trial by error had never been
her preferred method of learning. However, there was nothing either of
them could do about that now.

"The press?"

"Wizarding Weekly is presenting her as some sort of desperate woman
driven to extremes, and The Daily Prophet has her as some sort of
sociopathic seductress plotting to inherit the Malfoy family estates and
manipulate you into marriage. Rita Skeeter is having a grand old time
painting it both ways. According to her, Hermione is a poor, abused
little girl who fell desperately in love with you, and after years of
infatuation her feelings were finally returned, only for her to learn
that she was not free to love anyone because of an arranged marriage
with Bartemius Crouch, who in this fairytale is an innocently infatuated
little sod blind to his betrothed's love for another man."

"I'm rather glad I decided not to eat anything else."

"You both conspired to run away together during the night of the
Christmas Ball, but Lucius found out and tried to stop you. Lucius
confronted you on the stairs and you fell. Meanwhile, Hermione, hiding
behind a curtain or something, sees and cast the Imperius Curse on
Crouch, who is helpless in his misbegotten love for her, and exacts
revenge under her control and consequently dies. Then she fled into the
night, never to be heard from again... unless she washes up on the shore
of Thames or something equally Harlequin."

"That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard."

"Not entirely. She did guess the Imperius Curse correctly. The
Necrotists found traces of it on Crouch's body."

"Really?"

"Really. And unfortunately, her lucky guess will give rather more
credence to her theory than it deserves. They'll be announcement about
the curse this afternoon."

Harry hated it. Skeeter was turning what had happened into some sort of
cheap romance novel. Harry loved Hermione, but it had never been that
kind of love. It had been steadier than that, deeper. Their friendship
had made him a better person, grounded and more thoughtful, not inspired
him to selfishness and lust. He liked to think he had made her more
confident in herself and more adventurous, not turned her into a
lovesick damsel in need of saving. He hated the idea of others seeing it
that way and mocking it. He didn't know how to stop it or even if he
could.

"What do I do?"

"You could try dating a boy. That might dispel the rumors for a while.
Just not Draco. That would make everything worse."

"Ha ha."

"I'm afraid it's too late for any real sort of damage control. Adults
generally lack the time and imagination so they rely on the press to
think for them. Your classmates, however, suffer from an overabundance
of free time and imagination and will likely turn this whole sordid
affair into something even more frightful, but entertaining. You know
how they are."

He did, indeed, know how they were.

"So I just ignore it, try not to punch anyone in the face, and wait for
it to blow over."

"Essentially."

"I don't suppose Draco would be willing let me hide at his house for the
rest of the semester?"

"I refer to the previous statement against dating Draco. Shacking up
with him isn't going to improve the situation."

Harry wasn't sure if he wanted to laugh or cry. He also wasn't sure if
Snape was actually worried about Draco's reputation or if he wanted to
distance both boys from each other.

"And what about the Dark Lord? Is he satisfied that everyone is suitably
distracted?" He doesn't bother to hide the touch of bitterness in his
voice. Snape doesn't bother to hide his either.

"As far as I can tell, he has forgotten about her. He is busy dealing
with more pressing matters at the moment."

Harry's hands tightened around his teacup. He should have known.
Hermione was precious to him, but she was only fodder to Voldemort. Why
should he care one way or the other whether she was caught so long as
she fulfilled the purpose he had assigned to her? This wasn't
necessarily a bad thing, he knew. So long as Voldemort didn't hold an
active dislike for Hermione, he might still be open to negotiating if an
alternative to her persecution presented itself. That was good, but it
didn't make the Dark Lord's disinterest any less demeaning.

He closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and sipped his tea. It was no
use getting angry at Voldemort. There were others who required his more
immediate attention.

* * * * *

Snape left Harry at Platform 9 ¾ with a crowd of eager reporters and
curious onlookers, as well as instructions to visit Ira before the
welcoming feast. He was fortunate not to have anything with him other
than the package under his arm, because he didn't like the odds of him
navigating through the throng with his trunk and Elsbeth's cage. At
least, not until he found himself suddenly surrounded by several
Culties.

"This way, Ambassador Potter," came a familiar voice, and the press of
hand against his back, guiding him towards the train that had not yet
started admitting passengers.

"Reggy!" Harry said, recognizing the man. He gave him a once over.
"You've been promoted," he noted, staring at the extra bangle on his
uniform.

"Thank you for noticing. It's Captain Stratus now, for all the good it
does me," he said, grinning despite the words. "General Lestrange is
busting my chops regardless."

Harry grimaced at the mention of the unpleasant woman.

"She sent you?"

"Ordered me, of course. I'm supposed to boss you around the train and
stick your nose in the corner somewhere like a naughty child. Remind you
who's boss. Which is funny, because whoever that is, it isn't me. You
outrank me." Which didn't keep Stratus from escorting him onto the empty
train and to an equally empty compartment. There were no noses in
corners, however, and Reggy made himself comfortable sitting across from
him.

"I out rank her too, outside of combat situations," Harry pointed out.

"A point I highly recommend bringing to her attention next time you see
her, preferably while I'm there to witness."

Harry chuckled softly. Stratus smiled back, but his expression sobered.

"It is good to see you. I was worried about you."

"Thank you, but I'm okay. The same can't be said of others."

"It's an ugly affair all around," Stratus agreed with a sigh. "Harry,
there's something I feel the need to tell you. I don't know that it
makes any difference now, but I didn't want you to find out about it and
think I was keeping secrets from you."

Harry wasn't sure he wanted to know. He had plenty on his plate already
without adding something else, but the other wizard didn't seem
particularly disturbed and hadn't bothered to close the compartment door
so it couldn't have been much of a secret to begin with.

"Okay."

"At the time of his death, Bartemius Crouch wasn't Hermione's
betrothed."

"Oh, that. Yes, I know."

"I was."

Harry stared at him.

"What?"

Stratus explained about Lucius' intention to betroth Hermione to him,
and his own acceptance.

"You... why?"

Stratus smiled ruefully.

"A number of reasons. The fact that I found Miss Granger to be a most
formidable young woman not least among them. She would have had to have
been to have inspired both your loyalty and affection."

Harry frowned at him.

"You liked her because I liked her?"

"Essentially, but there were other factors involved. I won't lie, some
of them were political. I got on with the late Lord Malfoy well enough,
but I wasn't in any position to advance my career that way. My best
chances of advancement, particularly while under his command, were
through nepotism."

"That is bluntly honest."

But not particularly flattering towards the man's character. Stratus
shook his head.

"I know what you're thinking. You're thinking I was taking advantage of
your friend's unfortunate circumstances for the sake of my career. I
assure you I had no such intentions, but it seemed the best way to
protect the both of us from General Malfoy's anger. I was very careful
to ensure Miss Granger had the time and the opportunity to remove
herself from any commitment to me. I made it a part of the betrothal
contract that she be allowed to complete her education, both at Hogwarts
and University if she chose to do so. This would have placed her well
into legal age where she may annul a marriage contract. You could ask
your friend, Draco Malfoy, if you like. I'm sure he's been made aware of
the contract by now."

"And General Malfoy allowed that?"

"I don't think it ever occurred to him that she would emancipate
herself. She would, after all, not only lose her dowry but the
protection of the Malfoy family and her status."

"You know about the emancipation?"

"Just about everyone involved knows about the emancipation. That Skeeter
woman swears up and down the documentation exists, but Lord Malfoy
refuses to reveal its existence to the public. Unless there's a trial, I
doubt it will ever see the light of day."

Harry rubbed his forehead.

"Thank you, Reggy, for being honest with me. I appreciate that."

"I am sorry, Harry. I never intended her any harm. I did actually hope
that we would develop a genuine affection for each other."

"I believe you."

Mostly. He wanted to believe the other wizard. He seemed like a nice
guy, and he had proven himself very brave in Hausteheim, but he could
never be entirely sure. He worked for Lucius after all. He couldn't have
been entirely without guile.

"Thank you. I also wanted you to know, I believe Miss Granger to be
completely innocent of the crimes she's been accused of," he said
earnestly. Harry looked up at him. "If there is anything I can do to
help prove that, I am at your service."

"I... Thank you," he said, and this time he meant it. Stratus had been
Lucius' personal assistant, and if anyone knew Lucius' enemies and their
motivations it would be him. On top of that, he seemed to be following
the investigation closely and might know things that neither Harry nor
his friends would have access to. "I don't suppose you have any
suspects?"

"A number of them. Lucius was loved by his troops, but headquarters was
another matter. He fostered a lot of rivalries and stepped on a lot of
toes, and his erratic behavior over the last couple of months didn't
improve matters. With rumors of a falling out with the Dark Lord, they
must have smelt blood in the water."

"But to kill the man under his own roof?"

"A crime of opportunity, most likely. Reckless. Sloppy. They might still
get away with it if Amelon keeps handling the case like some sort of
board game and doesn't start taking it seriously."

"You don't think Amelon will find them?"

"I don't think he's trying to. Why should he bother? The Dark Lord
doesn't care, and he gets to poke his nose into everybody's business in
the meantime."

Harry sagged in his seat.

"Merlin, this is a mess."

"I'm sorry I couldn't bring you better news."

"It's alright. I'd know how I'd *like* things to stand, but knowing how
they *really* stand is more useful."

"Just the same, I-"

"Sir!"

A Cultie interrupted, looking nervous at doing so. Stratus gave him an
annoyed look.

"Yes?"

"They've started loading the other passengers, sir."

Stratus let out an exasperated huff.

"That, unfortunately, is my cue to leave."

"You're not escorting me to Hogwarts?"

"Unfortunately, my orders are to make a nuisance of myself and then
shove off before there are any witnesses. General Lestrange's position
is still tenuous at best. She can't afford to have rumors of her abusing
her new position so soon."

"Do you think she will last?"

"She might manage it, but she'll never be General Malfoy no matter how
hard she tries."

"Thank the gods for small favors."

Stratus laughed. It was more than a little hypocritical, but Harry
thought less of him for it. Lucius Malfoy, not only his boss but his
potential in-law, hadn't been a likeable man, but the new captain seemed
entirely cavalier about his death for all that he claimed to care for
Hermione, a girl he must have only known in passing and word of mouth.
It touched him as vaguely suspicious or at the very least callous. He
was careful not to let his misgivings show. He didn't know Stratus very
well and certainly not enough to judge his character, and his own
sensibilities were a touch raw at the moment.

Fortunately, Stratus decided not to linger.

"There will be a Sentinel stationed in the car once I'm gone. He's here
to guard the entire car, but he'll stay at this end to make sure no one
you don't want here bothers you."

The gesture brought a flash of guilt for his own ungenerous thoughts,
and Harry stood to shake his hand before he left.

"Thank you, Reggy."

Reggy smiled and shook it firmly.

"It's my pleasure, Harry. I'll be in touch."

"I look forward to it."

* * * * *

As promised, a Sentinel stood guard outside his door and though Harry
kept his door open to keep an eye out for his friends, no one tried to
stick their head in or call out to him. In fact, everyone who came into
his car seemed to fall into a subdued silence, and some turned right
around and went the other way. It made Harry uneasy to think what things
would be like back at Hogwarts, where he would be forced to share space
with hundreds of people who didn't seem to know quite what to do with
him. He wondered if Draco had the same worries.

He found out soon enough. The train was nearly full when the subdued
atmosphere of the car suddenly plummeted into a tense and awkward
silence. Harry stuck his head out the compartment door to see what had
happened and spotted Draco stalking down the aisle towards him. Harry
swallowed thickly. The Slytherin boy looked terrible and yet somehow
impeccable at the same time. His clothes and hair were stylish and neat,
but their clean perfection only made the gauntness of Draco's expression
and the shadows under his eyes stand out more vividly, like a walking
corpse still in its funeral attire. Following behind him was Natalie,
haughty as ever but clearly tired, and Ronald Weasley of all people
looking his typical constipated self. Harry told the Sentinel to let
them through, and once they filed into the compartment, Ron slammed the
door shut and threw up several privacy spells.

"Draco-" he started, but the other boy held up his hand to silence him
until he had settled himself across from him and closest to the window.
Natalie sat beside her housemate, and Ron merely leaned against the
door, too agitated to sit. An awkward silence fell, during which time
Draco maintained an unreadable look Harry had only ever seen on Snape.

He waited for Draco to speak first. After a moment, the Slytherin turned
from Harry to stare out the window and spoke.

"We will not discuss her. Not here. Not at Hogwarts. Not to our
teachers. Not to our friends. Not to defend her honor. Not to reminisce.
Not anywhere and not to anyone. Ever. Is that clear?"

For a moment, Harry was stunned. This only lasted a moment before his
emotions ran the gamut of confusion, hurt, and anger until finally
settling on fear. His eyes scanned the compartment anxiously. By the
goddess, he had not chosen this compartment. Stratus had chosen it for
him in advance. Stratus who worked for Lestrange and Voldemort and whom
Harry had thought was trying just a touch too hard to be friends with
him.

"Okay," he agreed, and Draco nodded without looking at him.

"Draco..."

Natalie looked directly at him and shook her head.

"Let him be for awhile, Harry. He needs a little time to unwind."

"... Okay. So... is there anything we *can* actually talk about?"

"Sure," Ron said, his expression darkening. "Fred and George were
arrested."

Harry straightened.

"What? Why?"

"They were looking for that person we're never discussing and thought
for some reason she'd stop into The Red Weasel for a pint."

"Are they still...?"

"They had to let them go. They've got nothing on them. Fined them
through the roof though. They lost whatever holiday profits they pulled
for the year. George's got himself a shiner he won't talk about."

"Shit. Does your mum know?"

"No, and neither does Ginny, and it's going to stay that way. You leave
her alone from now on, got it? You're not dragging her into this mess."

"She won't understand-"

"She understands just fine. I made sure of it before I ever let her get
on the bloody train."

Harry wondered how precisely that conversation had gone, and if it was
really as effective as Ron seemed to think it was. Ginny came off as
mild-mannered and sweet, but she was still a Gryffindor.

By the time Ron and Natalie had caught Harry up on the various rumors
floating about, however, he was starting to think Ron was right to want
to keep his sister as far away from him as possible.

The press had been on the hunt, trying to track down whatever dirt they
could on Hermione and the Malfoys and Crouch, and at the head of the
pack was Skeeter. Rivals and well-meaning friends alike had been
providing enough speculation and gossip to fill entire books regarding
the supposed scandal surrounding Lucius' death and Hermione's
disappearance. Draco had suffered the worst of it; the matter of his
sudden inheritance was the fodder for conspiracy theorists and his own
struggle to manage an estate now under siege by greedy relatives and
business rivals was itself topic of growing scandal. He couldn't step
foot off the manor without being mobbed by reporters and anyone found in
his company was soon caught in the cross fire. Not even Natalie had
escaped unscathed. She had moved into Malfoy Manor for the remainder of
the holiday, and the papers had printed several snide insinuations about
her for just being a descent friend.

Harry knew his turn was coming. He had only read a couple of articles
from the Daily Prophet, and those had been bad enough. He was no longer
sheltered by the isolation of the Goddess Colony, and he doubted
Voldemort was going to shield him this time around. Whatever shelter
Hogwarts offered from the world would be negated by their own peers,
eager to believe anything to relieve the monotony of school life.

He was prepared for that. Or at least, he hoped he was. It would hardly
be the first time he had been the subject of controversy. More than what
was being said (and what would be said by everyone else), it was what
was being left unsaid that worried Harry.

Draco had not said a word since declaring Hermione's name a proverbial
taboo. Caution or exhaustion had rendered the pale boy quiet and
distant, when all Harry wanted him to do was speak. Why was Draco
returning to Hogwarts, when Snape had said he had too much to concern
himself with at home? What was happening at Malfoy Manor that required
so much of his attention and had left him so worn? Was it merely grief?
Stress? What about Lady Malfoy? Wasn't she supposed to be handling
things?

It was possible that Draco had no intention of remaining quiet about
Hermione and was merely waiting until he could find somewhere more
secure to discuss some sort of plan he had or information he had
uncovered. Involving Harry or even Snape in some sort of plot was the
only justification that Harry could think of, but he didn't dare ask.
For now, Draco's intentions were his own.

* * * * *

Harry and Ron apparated to the boundary of Hogwart's wards from the
Hogsmeade Station. Draco had been in no fit state to attempt it himself,
and Natalie had remained behind with him. There were reporters waiting
in Hogsmeade, and while it wasn't terribly difficult to avoid them it
was easier to do it without them all huddled together, so they had gone
on ahead. Climbing the hill towards the castle, they could look back and
see the black carriages by the light of the hanging lanterns as they
slowly drifting out from the little village and made their way up the
road.

"Are your brothers alright?" Harry asked Ron now that they were alone.
Ron was always reticent to discuss his family, and even more so in front
other Slytherins.

"Yeah. Hermione's fine too, last I saw her. She got away safe."

"So the twins did manage to help her?"

"No, they were arrested before she ever got to the Red Weasel. It was a
good bit of luck, that." He went on to explain how Natalie had come to
the tavern, and from there how Ron had involved himself in Hermione's
rescue. They had definitely been lucky. By the end of the tale, Harry
let out a sigh of relief, even though he had known how it would end.

There was still another matter he wanted to ask Ron about though.

"Did you kill Lucius?" he asked.

"Funny, I was about to ask you the same thing," Ron said, smiling
grimly. "Besides, you know I couldn't have. I took that oath, remember?
And I wasn't even there."

That was true. Ron had taken a Wizardign Oath not to attempt harm to
Lucius again in exchange for Harry breaking the curse, for all the good
it had done in the end. They didn't say anything more as they made their
way to the castle in the dark.

They were the first students to arrive. The house elves, still scurrying
to sort out the student luggage, were sent into a frenzy at their early
arrival until Harry handed one of them his small bundle of possession to
take care of and gave another a list of items he would be needing as
quickly as possible. Ron gave him an odd look at his request, but said
nothing further as they parted ways. The Slytherin went to the Great
Hall and Harry headed for the Astronomy Tower. There was something he
needed to do, and he wanted to do it before dinner ended and anyone
might come looking for him.

He took his time on the way to the tower, taking the hidden passageways
to avoid any students who might have lingered during the holiday or the
odd professor or ghost, and by the time he reached the tower the things
he had asked for had been placed in a neat little pile on the floor.

"What *are* you up to?" came a familiar voice, and Harry looked up to
find Bobby sitting atop the giant astrolabe just recently replaced.

"I'm making offerings," Harry said and went to work.

It took the better part of an hour to create the floating lanterns. He
was very careful not to use any sort of magic and had been left
constructing them solely with fire-resistant vellum, twine, and various
odds and ends. The two lanterns came out a bit lop-sided and awkward,
but he thought they would work. In one basket he placed a candle, a lock
of his hair, three silver sickles with runes carved in the back, and
small bundle of dried lavender. In the other basket, he placed a candle,
a handful of owl feathers, five knuts with runes carved in the back, and
a handful of rice. He took the lanterns out onto the crows nest and lit
the candles.

The paper lanterns inflated and slowly they rose, taking the baskets and
his offerings into the sky. Harry watched them go, warm red orbs rising
higher and higher until a wind caught them and pushed them out towards
the west, over the Forbidden Forest. For a little while, Harry feared
the candles would be snuffed out in the open air, but they did not did
not even flicker.

Watching them float gracefully in the air, unfettered and unhurried,
Harry felt a sort of peace. Silently, he sent out his words of gratitude
to Raecellos and Madris.

Beside him, Bobby nodded his approval. It had been a lovely offering, if
a bit unconventional.

A soft creak behind him threw Harry from his diligent prayers, and he
spun around with his wand snapping into his hand. Bobby let out a
startled caw and dove from his perch to take flight. Inside the tower,
all was dark, but he could make out the still darker silhouette of a man
frozen in place near the entrance door. It was difficult to see, but he
thought he might have caught the man by surprise.

"Who are you? Identify yourself! *Lumos!*"

Light swelled and sprung from the tip of his wand, bursting into the
room and illuminating everything in a blue-white glow that made his eyes
water slightly from its intensity. The man was now clearly visible, and
Harry felt a jolt of surprise.

"Inquisitor Amelon?"

"Lord Potter," the detective greeted sheepishly. "Good evening."

Harry just stared at him for a moment. He had not seen Amelon since the
day he had awoken at Malfoy Manor, and he hadn't honestly expected to
see the man again either, although he couldn't say why he had thought he
wouldn't. An uneasiness came over him. The Inquisitor was not among his
allies. His purpose was to find Lucius' killer true, but unless or until
he did it was also his responsibility to supervise the manhunt for
Hermione.

Nevertheless, he put his wand away.

"What are you doing here?" he asked instead.

"I might ask you the same thing. You're a very difficult person to get a
hold of. First you were holed up with the werewolves, then you
disappeared from Hogsmeade Station, and again you were absent from the
Great Hall and your dormitory. I am starting see where your reputation
for not being where you are supposed to be has come about."

Amelon smiled at this, as if it was a joke, but Harry didn't return it.
He doubted the man had come simply to enjoy some pleasant conversation.
Silently, he waited for the older man to get to the point.

"Those balloons just now, they were most curious. I am quite surprised
at how easily they floated right past the wards," Amelon said
pleasantly, but Harry was already aware that he was being interrogated.

"They're just a muggle toy. My mother showed me how to make them when I
was small. There's nothing inherently magical about them that the wards
would fight against. No more than it would a gust of wind or falling
rain."

"Really? Just a muggle toy? Well, isn't that something. Whatever people
might say about muggles, they aren't without their own brand of
cleverness. You know, I had an aunt by marriage who was a muggle. She
passed away before the war, bless her soul, but I remember her always
knowing the most wonderful little tricks. There's one in particular I
have found particularly useful in my line of work. Why don't you come
inside out of the cold, and I'll show it to you."

Reluctantly, Harry did so. He was tired, mentally and physically, and he
wasn't prepared for whatever battle of wits Amelon intended. Inside, the
tower wasn't much warmer than outside, although sheltered from the wind.
His footsteps echoed loudly beneath his feet, and he became increasingly
certain Amelon had been sneaking up behind him intentionally. Just
another attempt to catch him off guard or were his intentions more
sinister? He moved to stand just inside from the outside platform. It
was possible, if necessary, that he could transfigure himself into hawk
and fly away. Unlikely, but possible. Danger had always made his magic
work better and faster.

Amelon did not seem either put off or pleased by his uneasiness or the
tension building in the tower. When the Inquisitor reached inside his
robe, Harry's hands twitched. The man did not reach for his wand,
however, or any other odd magical device. Instead, he pulled out a book.
A red book.

Harry took a sharp breath and froze.

Amelon cocked his head to the side when he saw him do it.

"Do you recognize this?"

Harry said nothing.

"No? Are you sure?" the man asked as if he had. "Well, I imagine you see
a lot of books, being still in school and ever so studious. I imagine
content makes more of an impression than the cover, and really what's
inside this rather unremarkable looking bit of text could have possibly
attracted your attention? Which brings us back to my aunt's little
trick."

Amelon held out the book to him. Harry just stared at it and didn't
move. The other wizard sighed.

"Lord Potter, please. I promise it won't hurt."

Stiffly, Harry moved forward to take the book. What else could he do?
But before his fingers could brush the red cover, Amelon smirked and
deliberately dropped it. The book landed on its spine and fell open with
an echoing *wabang* in the empty tower, causing Harry to flinch. Harry
turned to glare at Amelon for the pettiness of the gesture, but the man
just smiled back.

"The trick, Lord Potter," he said and pointed down.

Harry looked down at the book that had fallen open to a very specific
page. A page Harry knew very well, as he had spent nights studying it
and could almost recite its entire contents word for word.

The Curse.

"Tell me," Amelon said, "do you recognize it now?"