# Coming Together

"Severus, you look exhausted," McGonagall said. She kept her tone
somewhat accusatory, knowing he'd chafe under a display of sympathy. He
spared her an annoyed look across the small table, but took another sip
of tea rather than reply. Generally pale to begin with, he looked
deathly in the pale autumn light peeking through the window. It had
snowed the night before, but turned to a freezing rain with the dawn and
covered the world in a cold, wet gloom. A bad omen for the approaching
winter.

Then again, there had been stronger portents of danger than rainy days
long before this.

"Perhaps you should assign some additional duties to the staff at the
meeting tomorrow," she suggested. "We can't afford to have you falling
ill because you are being stretched too thin."

He snorted.

"And what duties would you propose I unload upon them? They are busy
enough as it is completing their dissertations and wrangling the
miscreants they call students into submission at every waking moment.
And if they're not, they're busy 'volunteering' in Hogsmeade Hall."

"Lockhart seems to have plenty of free time."

The look he gave her would have petrified a basilisk.

"And which of my responsibilities do you think I could possibly give to
that imbecile?"

"Darling, he's not *that* bad," Ira said, looking up from the detention
roster she taken over for her overwhelmed husband. There was an
inordinate amount of mischief making amongst the students lately,
resulting in a skyrocketing number of detentions. Teachers were having a
hard time finding appropriate punishments with so many offenders and
even less time to supervise them, and had subsequently been handing them
off to Snape. The headmaster, in turn, found ways of making the
miscreants useful as unpaid labor around the castle they seemed so
intent on tearing down around their ears. Ira had taken over when it
became clear her husband was driven to a nearly epileptic state after
being regaled continuously with tales of his students' gross stupidity
and selfishness.

"He's a ninny," he stated as if it were an absolute fact. Which it was.

"True," Ira said, "but he's good with the students."

"Only the stupid ones. Which, I suppose, covers just about everyone."

"Severus," she chided gently. "I think he would be a good choice to
supervise the concert. He has experience with those sort of things, I'm
told."

He set down his teacup, else he risk throwing it across the room.

"I am turning down the offer," he insisted. "I have no intention of
riling up the students any more than they already are with a rock
concert. I don't intend to reward them for their behavior either. You
know what happened during Halloween."

There was a collective shudder around the table.

McGonagall shook her head.

"You're approaching this from the entirely wrong perspective," the
transfiguration professor said. "The students are misbehaving because
they are bored and restless."

"I don't know how they can be either of those things. They should be
much too busy with their lessons and other responsibilities."

"Yes, but those are routine things. They cause stress and fatigue, which
results in all the trouble we're seeing now. This concert could be
something to distract them, to look forward to, and to relieve stress.
You should use it as an incentive to make the students behave. Tell them
anyone who gets a detention from now on will not be allowed to go. I
think you'll be amazed at how quickly they'll straighten up."

He turned thoughtful, but his thoughtfulness ran longer than McGonagall
thought was characteristic. He was typically more decisive when it came
to practicalities. Ira was looking at him curiously as well.

"Do you have some other reason to be reluctant?" McGonagall asked.

"Hhmmm..." He picked up his tea and took a distracted sip. "It seems a
bit... suspicious is all. We've never been offered a free concert. Given
the Wicked Sisters-"

"Weird Sisters," Ira corrected.

"Whoever they are, I was led to believe they are very popular. They must
have received many offers, many *well paying* offers to play
elsewhere."

"True, but this is hardly the first free concert they've thrown. They've
done dozens of benefit concerts for good causes over the years, and
Hogwarts has had many difficulties this year. I don't think it odd that
they would want to show some good will to students going through a rough
time."

He still did not look convinced, but seemed to be either reluctant or
unable to articulate the source of his disquiet.

"What precisely do you think their intentions might be?" McGonagall said
at last. "A vendetta against the school seems unlikely."

He could have pointed out several unlikely vendettas against the school
that had occurred but didn't have the energy.

"That's not what I'm worried about. I'm just wondering if this isn't one
of Potter's little schemes."

That made Ira smile. "Harry? You think he's behind this?"

"I was rather under the impression that Mr. Malfoy was a more likely
suspect. He was boasting about it to Miss Cypher earlier. Besides, Mr.
Potter hardly seems in any condition to plot anything."

Snape could see her point. Harry had spent the last week as if operating
under the Imperius Curse. He moved and ate and went to classes and even
spoke occasionally, but there was no sign of self-motivation behind any
of it. He wasn't watching the boy per se, as he had very little time to
do so between running the school and traveling to Bristol to run errands
for the recovering Dark Lord, but the teaching staff was as bad as the
student body when it came to gossip and any time he had dinner at the
staff table he was bound to hear how Potter hadn't turned in his
assignments this week or skipped Dueling Club practice or was avoiding
all of his friends.

Most of the staff thought he was just depressed over the Dark Lord. The
Court was reporting that their great and terrible leader had returned
unexpectedly to handle some sort of crisis that had emerged from General
Malfoy's sudden turn of ill health (something Severus cringed at the
mere thought). No one really believed this, and the press had been
unusually defiant in expressing their skepticism of the 'official
story'. Most of the world seemed to suspect Lord Voldemort had suffered
some sort of injury in Germany and had returned to recover, but the
extent and nature of this injury varied from a nasty cold to a
life-ending curse depending upon the individual's level of naivety or
morbidity. Many of his own staff had looked at him expectantly when
broaching the subject at mealtimes, but Severus had nothing to say
except that he was more concerned for General Malfoy than the Dark Lord.

The staff's assessment of the cause of Harry's depression was only
partially correct, as it almost always was. Snape could only imagine the
demons his ward was wrestling with at the moment, and even then he was
certain he only knew a small part of what had happened. He had believed
he knew the boy better than anyone, including the Dark Lord, but now he
wasn't so sure. Harry, he knew, was capable of killing a man if pushed
to it, but Lucius' suspicion that he was responsible for the curse he
suffered niggled at his psyche. Was he capable of plotting murder
against the father of one of his close friends? In a moment of rage or
self-defense, he didn't doubt it, but to actually craft a plan so cruel
and discreet required a cold-blooded viciousness he had not thought
Harry capable of.

And chances were he had nothing to do with it.

At least not directly.

Probably.

He mentally shook himself. It was ridiculous to suspect his ward of
attempting to murder Lucius. If the boy was so clearly despondent over
having merely cut off the Dark Lord's arm, something that he had been
reassured was fixable, he would be completely incapable of the necessary
malice to poison a man he might strongly dislike but had little enough
reason to truly hate. Harry still maintained a friendship with Lord
Voldemort for Merlin's sake, a man who had used and abused him in a far
more terrible and terrifying manner than the general could have ever
managed.

"I'll bring up the matter in the staff meeting," he said, pulling his
thoughts back to the matter at hand. "They'll be the ones giving their
time to help organize it. I haven't the time to deal with it
personally."

McGonagall coughed into her hand something that sounded suspiciously
like 'Lockhart' and then let the matter drop. Severus had almost
finished his tea, and when he did he would go back to his office or
private quarters to continue working. She was content to let him, having
several essays waiting for her to grade, but she wanted to say one more
thing before they parted.

"I think you should speak with Harry sometime this weekend. The sooner
the better."

He choked on his tea.

"I beg your pardon?"

She leveled the same look she gave students who hadn't done their
homework at him.

"Because he's obviously upset about Lord Voldemort, and has avoided
discussing it with his friends."

"How would talking to me make him feel better?" he asked as though she
had suggested mangoes would ward off dementors.

"Because he can't talk about it with anyone else."

"I..." he started, but stopped.

She was right. Harry couldn't talk about what was wrong with him to
anyone other Snape himself. The world had no idea he had been kidnapped
by faeries or cut off the Dark Lord's arm. Both situations would have
spurred public outcry and even created a certain level of suspicion
against Harry. No one who went to a faerie realm and returned was ever
completely trusted afterward.

There were other reasons he needed to speak with his ward as well.
Dozens of reasons, most of them regarding subjects he should have
discussed with him months ago but had avoided due to one excuse or
another.

"I don't expect you to be sympathetic with him," McGonagall said, "But I
think he needs a little direction. He respects you, and given your trips
to Bristol, I would say he would trust you if you explained that the
Dark Lord is going to be fine."

"Madam, I have no idea-"

"Oh, zip it, Severus. I know you can't talk to me about it, but don't
think I'm falling for that nonsense about Lord Malfoy being sick. If he
were sick, Draco wouldn't be so nonchalant about it."

Let it never be said that McGonagall wasn't astute, but she wasn't privy
to all the facts that Snape was. Draco wouldn't be nonchalant if he knew
his father *was* sick and recovering from a myriad of torture curses
inflicted upon him by a very angry Dark Lord, but like everyone else he
hadn't believed the official story and neither his godfather nor his
parents had any desire for to worry him needlessly by telling him the
truth. Apparently, neither had Harry, or perhaps the boy was too caught
up in his own self-centered angst to even consider what might have
happened to the man after they had parted ways in Bristol.

"If I can find the time," he said noncommittally, and then just to be
difficult, added, "And if I can pull him away from his busy schedule."

---

It was cold in the Astronomy Tower. Icy cold and yet still too wet for
snow, and all the more miserable for it. She slipped past the magical
barrier, mentally chiding the teaching staff for using something that
wouldn't have kept out a determined Third Year, and immediately started
to shiver. The tower had been damaged during the battle and, while it
had been secured from falling, the spellwork to keep out the elements it
had not yet been replaced. The stairs were starting to rot from water
damage and creak terribly as she ascended to the top.

"What are you doing here, Hermione?" Harry asked as she reached the top
of the stairs. The observation platform was empty. All of the equipment
had been moved to storage. Harry sat himself on the ledge of the balcony
wrapped in a cloak, his feet dangling over the edge between the rails.
Even in the pale gloom, she could see the green of his eyes from where
she stood and knew they were not even attempting to meet hers.

"It's too cold out here for what you're wearing."

He was right. She was freezing. She had thought about going to get her
cloak before coming after him but was afraid she would lose her nerve.
Muttering a warming charm, she continued forward out onto the balcony.
Pointedly not looking down, she sat down beside him. He was already
looking outward again, towards the Forbidden Forest where a shimmer of
moonlight glowed behind the wall of shimmering clouds.

"Sentinel Seitler said you volunteered for guard duty up here," she
said.

"Yeah." He couldn't seem to think of anything else to say. She couldn't
either. It wasn't entirely uncomfortable. Something about the cold
darkness seemed to lend itself to silence, to swallow words and plant
thoughts.

They sat for several minutes and said nothing at all.

"I'm sorry, Harry."

He stiffened.

"I'm sorry I said what I did before you left. It wasn't true and it
wasn't fair."

"Hermione... I think it was true enough."

She shook her head.

"No. I mean... I know you tend to rush into danger, but... that wasn't
why I was really mad at you. That's actually something I've always
really admired you for."

"Hermione-" he started to protest, but she held up her hand.

"Just let me finish, Harry. I... it took a week for me work up the nerve
to say this."

He grimaced, but held his tongue.

"I was really just frustrated that day... or rather, I've been really
frustrated for a while now. This whole marriage business... God, I hate
it. I haven't felt this helpless... this victimized since I was at WYRA.
I never thought... even when things were bad at home with Lucius, I
always felt like I could handle it. I was smart enough to figure things
out for myself and strong enough not to let others keep me down. I got
so used to being the perfect little pseudo-Pure Blood, after a while I
tricked myself into believing it didn't even matter. That I'd won. That
I had my friends and my education on my own merits and nothing he did
could hurt me anymore."

She took a long deep breath.

"And then... then he proved me wrong. He got me. I haven't been able to
think clearly since he announced the betrothal. I've been too afraid to
do anything for myself. And then you came in like a white knight to save
the day, and I thought that things would be okay, except I don't know
how to be rescued, Harry. I never wanted anyone to do that for me
before. I never wanted to be so weak that I needed it."

She was close to tears now, the honesty painful to hear even though she
had known the truth for weeks... months even. He started to protest but
she held up her hand.

"Let me finish before I lose my nerve. Anyway... I... I felt really
vulnerable. I really wanted to talk to someone about it. I really wanted
to talk to *you* about it, but... you seemed to close yourself off. You
were hurting... *are* hurting, but you don't talk about it. You try to
hide it... badly, by the way.. and I... I was just really frustrated. I
thought if you opened up to me, I wouldn't feel so vulnerable about what
was happening to me. How disgusting is that? Wanting your best friend to
tell you how awful they feel so you don't feel so awful about yourself?
And then expecting you to open up first when I kept pretending
everything was fine myself? I was completely hypocritical."

He was looking at her with something close to horror, but perhaps it was
just because she was crying. He always looked horrified when girls cried
in front of him. But even if he was as disgusted with her as she was
with herself, she couldn't stop now. She had sworn to herself that she
wouldn't stop until she had said everything she needed to.

"So I'm sorry I said what I did. I don't think that way about you. I
understand that you don't feel like you can tell me about everything
that happens to you or how you feel a lot of the time. It wasn't fair of
me to try to force you to. So... even though I know something happened
this weekend, something that really bothers you, I won't ask you what it
was. Just... if you *do* want to talk about it... whatever you *can*
talk about... and if it will make you feel better... I'm here."

She sniffed and wiped away her tears roughly.

"Okay, I'm done."

He half laughed, half choked at her less than eloquent conclusion, then
continued to just stare at her. The horrified look was gone, replaced
now with something more akin to lost. It was her turn to avoid his gaze,
now staring down at her hands wringing her robes into a wrinkled mess.
She hoped she had done the right thing. Things had been so tense between
them, their friendship slowly unraveling from the things they didn't
speak of. There was a time when she thought she could tell him anything,
and he would have trusted her enough with his secrets. Neither of them
were that naive anymore, but she wasn't prepared to give up on them just
yet. He was still her best friend and that meant *something*.

"Hermione..." he said at last, "I don't want to talk about it."

Despite what she had said, she felt hurt. Incredibly hurt. If he didn't
want to talk about it now... the chances were slim he ever would again.
She had blown it or maybe he was already too damaged or-

She stood up to leave, because if he didn't want to talk he surely
didn't want to see her cry, but he grabbed her wrist before she could
turn away. She looked down at him in surprise. He still wouldn't look
up.

"I don't want to talk about it... but I don't want you to go either."

Oh...*oh.* She sat down again, this time a little closer. He didn't move
away and he didn't let go of her wrist. After a moment, she pulled it
out of his grip so she could take his hand in hers and squeeze it
gently. He seemed a little embarrassed, but he squeezed back.

"You know, when I was younger," he said, "I used to be terrified that I
would lose you by lying all the time. Now I'm more terrified of losing
you to the truth."

"Harry..."

"I still can't tell you much of anything. It's too dangerous. And
complicated. I wouldn't even know where to start if I could. But I'll
tell you something. Something I've never told anyone."

"I promise I won't tell."

"You said you were scared of relying on others to save you. I'm not
scared of that. I'm scared that no one is going to try. That I'm finally
going to go too far and all of you will just... just give up on me. Then
I'm afraid you *will* try and you'll die trying."

His hand tightened around hers. His eyes were looking out to some
distant place she'll never see.

"I'm afraid to be alone."

Her heart broke and soared at the same time. She wanted to cry. She
wanted to hug him and promise it would be okay.

She would have if not for the fact that he might have shattered to
pieces in her arms, or worse, he might have believed her. So she didn't
say a word. Not making promises the world would never let her keep. All
she could do was lean over just a little, so that her shoulder pressed
gently against his and said without words that she was there now, and
she'd be there as long as possible.

They said nothing else after that. Minutes passed. Maybe hours.

Harry leaned back against her and let his head rest against her
shoulder, closing his eyes. She smiled despite the chill that had
started seeping through her warming charm and the numbness in the hand
he was holding just a little too tightly.

Neither noticed as Ron moved back down the stairs, his footsteps muffled
under a silencing charm nor the slam of the door behind him.

---

McGunny went down to the visitor center to work on the dragon book.
After so many months, he was able to walk the half mile without getting
lost or forgetting which direction he was going without either Hagrid or
Charlie to escort him. He still had a tendency to get distracted by
little things, like an unusual flower or a dragon flying off in the
distance, but most of the time he could figure out where he was going
afterward. It had been cold and wet that afternoon, and little was
curious enough to keep him from the warmth of the indoors, so he made it
inside without distraction.

The visitor center was barely more than a large cabin with a number of
pictures and diagrams and small display cases of teeth and claws and
fetal skeletons for decoration. There were two long tables running
through the center of the room, with more dragon artifacts under the
glass surface, that McGunny liked to use when writing. The bits and
pieces of his subject matter scattered around him helped to keep him
focused, and unlike Hagrid's cabin, the subject matter was less likely
to crawl out of its rookery and set his papers on fire.

From his breast pocket he let out his paper bird, letting it fly about
the open space, safe from dragonets and the rain, and then went about
unloading his materials from his satchel. He kept everything in exact
order and was able to position everything with precise geometrical
precision within only seconds. This obsessive orderliness was helpful
with his short term memory although it tended to drive Hagrid up the
wall.

Prepared to spend the remainder of the day hard at work, it was
unfortunate that he let his eyes wander around the familiar confines of
the cabin and spotted something unfamiliar. Predictably, he found
himself distracted and wandered over to examine the newest novelty.
Covering the north wall, where a large diagram of different dragon
species had been hanging previously, was now nearly a hundred or so
children's drawings. As he started to examine them, he found them to be
mostly of dragons themselves, but a number of them also had childish
interpretations of Hagrid or sometimes of themselves (also with
dragons). It seemed there had been a number of field trips to the dragon
sanctuary and in typical elementary gratitude, the children had drawn
pictures to commemorate the event. He had heard about them from Hagrid,
but he had always been cloistered safely in his cabin whenever they were
passing through.

After several minutes of curious examination, one picture in particular
caught his attention. It had a castle in it and a rather impressive
depiction of a Norwegian Ridgeback. Standing on the castle were a series
of little figures that seemed to lack joints of any kind, but were
bravely fighting off the dragon. One of the figures had glasses.

He knew who it was immediately.

Harry Potter.

He felt a violent mental start at the name. Harry Potter? How did he
know that name? But he did know it. And surrounding that name was a
series of memories, memories he hadn't know he had but apparently had
always been there. Harry Potter staring up at him from the cold, dark
waters of the lake. Harry Potter sitting in front of a canvas and
steadily working out a picture of an owl in charcoal and chalk. Harry
Potter hyperventilating into his hands in the corridors of a castle. The
castle was called Hogwarts. He had gone to school there with that boy
and interviewed him a couple of times for school paper he ran. Colin
Creevey had been the photographer. Hermione Granger was supposed to take
over for him when he left.

His mind raced, flitting through new avenues he had not known were
there. Memories came, not in a flood, but like the limbs of a tree
slowly branching outwards. Branches of places and people emerged slowly,
and when he followed them he found himself discovering newer limbs and
so on and so forth.

Had his curse broken? Had whatever destroyed his memories been removed
or repaired?

He took a deep breath and tried to remember the hospital.

Sensations and impressions squirmed and boiled inside him, and he felt
himself shying away before something more definitive and horrifying
formed.

Perhaps it had been too traumatic?

He tried to remember his house.

Nothing.

His thoughts skittered to a halt, and once again he felt as lost and
unfettered as he ever had once again.

His father's name?

Nothing but an empty space in his psyche that left him feeling equally
hollow.

His mother's face? His favorite book? His first kiss? His hometown?

Nothing presented itself, and it seemed as mysterious and unknown as it
had since he was self -conscious enough to wonder about himself the same
way Hagrid and Charlie did.

Carefully, he turned his thoughts back to Harry Potter, and once again
his mind bloomed with memories. Some of them of the boy himself, but
more often they were memories that branched off from their previous
encounters. He tried to remember classes he'd at Hogwarts, but they came
only sporadically, and oftentimes involved a conversation about Potter
or someone connected to him, like Cedric Diggory's discussion of the
next Quidditch match or an argument with Granger about Harry's
involvement in the Acromantula incident.

Why?

He found himself once again looking at the picture on the wall. Studying
it intently, searching for some sort of clue. He looked to the bottom
right corner where the artist had scrawled her name. *Alyssa*. *Age 7.*
The name was unfamiliar. More than likely, she was just another young
Potter fan. He was a prince after all.

A prince and something else. Something that held his thoughts where all
else had failed. Why were his memories centered around this person in
particular? Did he have something to do with his memory loss? Could he
somehow hold the cure?

Hours later, he returned to his and Hagrid's cabin.

His large friend was busy stoking the fire under the nesting box of the
newest litter of dragonets but looked up to smile at him as he entered.
The smile disappeared almost immediately.

"What's wrong, lad? Yeh look pale."

"I remembered something," he said.

Hagrid frowned thoughtfully.

"Somethin' bad?"

"No. I don't think so. It's just... odd. I remember Harry Potter."

The half giant's eyebrows shot upward in surprise.

"What do yeh remember 'bout him?"

"A lot. We went to school together. I was going to write his biography."

The last part made the man chuckle a bit, but Horace's next words
sobered him up quickly.

"I know more about his life than I do my own."

"... Well, that's still somethin'. Maybe yer memories are recoverin' on
their own. Yeh've come a long way from where yeh were."

"Yes, that's probably true. But I don't know why it started with *him*.
I just remembered today that you worked at Hogwarts during the Triwizard
Tournament, but only because I remember seeing you talk with Harry. Why
couldn't I remember that before? We've been living together for months.
You should have been one of the first things I remembered."

Hagrid oscillated between surprised and disturbed at this bit of
information for several moments, before frowning a bit.

"I'm afraid I don't know much about memories. I tried to read up on it
when yeh first got here but I couldn' make heads or tails of all that
psychological mumbo-jumbo. Maybe it's natural for yer memories to start
off tha way. Just picks up somethin' random and runs with it."

Horace had considered this, but after several hours of consideration he
wasn't convinced of it. He had instincts. Instincts he trusted and
Hagrid had trusted, when they came to the mutual understanding that he
would not return to the hospital. That they would not attempt to search
for his family and continued to let the world believe he was dead and
gone. Right now, his instincts were telling him that he was remembering
Harry Potter for a reason.

The precocious young man had been involved in so many weird incidents,
was it such a stretch that he might somehow be involved with his memory
loss? Or perhaps that he might know a cure for it? Perhaps his memories
had been taken intentionally by someone else trying to protect Potter.
Certainly, he had plenty of protectors who had the skills and resources
to have him committed to a hospital. And given his general improvement
after falling into Hagrid's care, hardly someone qualified as a mental
health professional, perhaps his stay in the hospital had been
orchestrated to remove his memories rather than restore them.

"I think I need to speak with Harry Potter."

"Oh... I guess that might help bring up some more of yer memories. I
write to him every now and then, so I wouldna mind slipping something in
from yeh. I doubt I could manage a visit until holiday break though.
Hogwarts ain't exactly know for letting its students out for the
weekends, especially not-"

Horace shook his head, cutting him off.

"No. I don't want anyone to know about my staying with you. Not until I
know it's safe. We never talked about it, but we both suspect something
fishy was going on at that hospital. And if that's the case, it had to
have been arranged by someone with power and influence."

This seemed to disturb Hagrid considerably.

"Yeh think Harry had something to do with what happened to you?"

"... I don't know. I think he's involved if not responsible. And even if
he isn't, he might have the ability to find out."

"Now see 'ere. Harry's a good guy. He's always been the decent sort. He
wouldn've done this on purpose."

"Yes, I remember him being a 'good guy'. He always impressed me that
way. But he has a lot of associates who wouldn't be considered 'good
guys'. If one of them did this to me, he might know about it."

That disturbed Hagrid a great deal, and he paced the little cabin for a
while trying to work out the anxiety he felt about it. It didn't seem to
work, but eventually he stopped to continue the conversation.

"So how do you expect to talk to him? He told me before that his mail is
looked through. Hogwarts ain't receivin' visitors these days either."

This wasn't anything Horace hadn't thought of. He just hadn't found a
solution yet.

"I'll think of something."

---

The sixth night on the Astronomy Tower was the coldest by far, with a
harsh north wind causing a series of tuneless whistles as it sped
through the castle's many nooks and crannies. The sound reminded him of
Durmstrang, and something about that kept his mind shying away from the
desire to sleep. He didn't mind the cold. A part of him actually
preferred it, although he couldn't say why. Most of his worst memories
were staged in the depths of winter, after all, but then again those
were also the moments he had felt most alive.

He could use that feeling again these days.

Since waking after his return from Ireland, he had felt strangely
removed from the world around him. Food was tasteless, music was
tuneless, and all the myriad of activities and worries of his day to day
life seemed strangely insignificant. His attention had been turned
inward since leaving Voldemort at the Sianach Lodge, pale and restless
and inescapable even now with half the country in between them. His mind
was now focused on those things he had learned in Hausteheim that he'd
had no time to contemplate in the frenzy that had defined his time there
and the night after having escaped.

Foremost on his mind was the prophecy that Gulandri had spoken of. He
could no longer remember the exact words, but the gist of it had been
that Voldemort and he were destined to fight to the death and one of
them rule for a thousand years. Assuming the prophecy was referring to
him at all, and his certainty of his role in it changed from hour to
hour. Also assuming the prophecy was even real and not one of Gulandri's
games designed to torment him.

Voldemort sometimes talked as if they were destined to stand side by
side, and history had shown that their bond was not easily severed even
by their own gross mistakes, abuses, and complete lack of moral
compatibility. If anything, the worse things got the closer they became.
What could possibly drive them to kill each other? Except perhaps the
prophecy itself, which seemed to dictate an all-or-nothing end scenario
of which Voldemort was not the sort to overlook. Even after learning of
the prophecy, in the those moments of the day where he believed it,
Harry felt no desire to harm the Dark Lord and even less desire to rule.
Yet, he could not himself predict what he would be willing to do if
Voldemort did attempt to kill him.

The patriotic thing to do was simply let the man kill him.

The human thing to do was fight with everything he had.

The Harry thing to do was run off and complicate a situation until the
problem was solved or else forgotten in favor of some other crisis.

Predictably, he found himself favoring the 'Harry thing', except he
didn't know if he should be physically running away or just mentally-
ignoring the danger that exists only in words and only if the Dark Lord
ever learned of them. Sometimes he wondered if he shouldn't just tell
Voldemort himself what Gulandri had said. He wanted to believe that his
friend would be reasonable, and perhaps together they could find the
loophole or reinterpretation that proved the lynchpin of every prophecy.
He wanted to believe that, but he wasn't that naive.

Voldemort cared about him. He knew that without a doubt. But he also
knew that he cared about his destiny more. It had been the will of the
Earth that he usher in the second age of paganism and the ancient
magics, and even his soul hadn't been spared in the effort to achieve
that goal. Harry was a sacrifice he could live with, just as he had
lived and continued on after the death of Carrigan.

And there was another matter all its own that sent his head spinning. He
was the reincarnation of Carrigan, the only other person Voldemort
seemed to have loved in life. He didn't know if that was ironic or just
appropriate. He supposed it all depended on whether the reason they were
so drawn together was because something in their souls recognized each
other or else influenced their personalities into some sort of
compatibility. It seemed too much to be serendipity.

It also seemed exceptionally cruel that if the prophecy were true, their
betrayal was as inevitable as their bond. Yet, the prophecy being true
did not disturb him as much as the possibility of being reincarnated.
The prophecy he could ignore or work around, but his soul was something
else entirely.

The idea that he had ever been someone other than himself, particularly
someone like Carrigan was hard to accept. Nothing in the Dark Lord's or
anyone else's description of the druid or in their meeting in limbo had
suggested anything of similarity between them. Carrigan had always
seemed laid back, benevolent, and almost all-knowing; while Harry tended
to be all over the place, prone to anger and pride, quick to rush into a
fight, and secretive. But then, he had only heard of Carrigan in his
later years, when he had settled into a presumably quiet life of
teaching and study. Perhaps he had been more adventurous and more
uncertain in his youth. Bobby might tell him.

Bobby being the only one aside from Gulandri who had known who Harry had
been, and the only reason Harry knew it now.

Bobby also being the reason he had volunteered for the night watch up in
the tower for the entire week. His days lacked anything resembling
privacy, and nights in the dormitory were no better. With the grounds
now off limits, the Astronomy Tower was the only place he could hope to
meet the raven in privacy and get the answers he so desperately needed.

Except Bobby hadn't shown up. The first two nights had been a
disappointment, but he had consoled himself with the fact that the raven
had to fly from Ireland to Scotland, and that was not a short journey.
By the third day he had started to grow anxious, and by the fourth he
had become seriously worried. Bobby was a follower of Raecellos and an
expert navigator between all the secret ways between realms and over
continents. If he had truly wanted to, he probably could have beaten
Harry back to Hogwarts.

Had he been captured again? Killed? By whom?

Gulandri's people? Lucius'? Some random misfortune wild birds were
susceptible to?

For a moment, he wished Hermione was with him again as she had been the
night before. Although he could tell her nothing, or perhaps he simply
hadn't known where to start, she had been a greater comfort to him than
she would ever know. They had been drifting apart for weeks now, Harry
to his own distractions and she to her growing fears, and the fight,
silly as it was, seemed to be the beginning of the end. Except Hermione
had proven herself the better person and the better friend, and reached
out even as he was pulling further away.

Goddess, he loved her. He loved her the same way he loved her during
their first year together, two lost and frightened souls whose only
faith seemed to be in one another. Their lives were no longer as simple,
and their circle of friends and loved ones had grown considerably, but
she was still his best friend and he was still hers. She was the person
he most trusted with his secrets, but she was also the one he most
wanted to protect from them. That she seemed to understand this was a
cause for both relief and guilt.

He promised himself that he would make it up to her. He had spent all
day with her and his friends, who were relieved to see he was finally
coming out of his funk, catching up on schoolwork and making plans for
Hermione's emancipation. He was glad he hadn't tried to stall her plans
when it seemed he had reached an accord with Lucius, as their situation
was even more precarious now that he suspected Harry knew far more than
he should about the general's curse (another matter he couldn't afford
to procrastinate on). More than that, this segment of the plan depended
on Hermione far more than it did Harry, and he was glad she could once
again play a proactive role in her own rescue.

Hermione had come up with the idea for Hogwarts to host a concert by the
Weird Sisters and have the opportunity to meet with Andoria Smythe, her
potential sponsor, in person. She had been working mostly with Draco,
who had worked with Narcissa to see about arranging something. It had
gone better than planned when the band up and offered to perform for
free. Perhaps Smythe had seen the opportunity for what it was, and taken
the initiative. If so, it was a good sign that their meeting would prove
helpful Draco was attempting to draw credit for the idea although it
somehow ended up being attributed to Harry, probably because anything
interesting that happened at Hogwarts seemed to be his fault whether it
was good or bad. He had felt a moment of genuine happiness watching her
spitting out questions and ideas with her usual frantic enthusiasm that
afternoon, and for a little while he was able to forget about his own
troubles and concerns.

But after dinner, it was back to the tower and the cold silence that did
nothing to deafen his screaming thoughts or ease his growing worries.
Back to wondering if the one he already thought of as 'brother' was
dead, and if it was his destiny to follow after him shortly. He curled
up inside his Baluvian cloak to keep warm, but his thoughts were as
chilling as the wind and he ouldn't seem to get any warmer.

At a quarter to midnight, his shift nearly done for the night and his
thoughts at their darkest, a raven alighted on the rail. As if forming
from out of the night itself, he appeared out of nowhere, and Harry
blinked at him for several seconds. He couldn't tell if he was dreaming
or not.

"Shouldn't you be in bed?" Bobby said, sounding genuinely aggrieved. "I
went to your dorm room first, but you weren't there. I waited for an
hour."

Harry's grin practically broke every muscle in his face it was so wide.

"You're alive! Thank the Goddess, I thought something had happened to
you!" he cried, and jumped to his feet. He would have hugged Bobby as
well, but was afraid he would have crushed him in his enthusiasm. The
raven looked taken back by his earnestness, and then somewhat contrite.

"Oh. Ah... yes, sorry about that. I had to spend some time recovering
after you left. Spent nearly two days sleeping it off in a chicken coop.
Then getting here... what a mess. I didn't dare try any routes through
the faerie realms and didn't know if Voldemort was looking for me...
anyway, I'm here now."

"I'm glad you are safe, brother."

There was nothing else to be said for several moments. Harry gently
stroked Bobby's feathers with the back of his knuckles, the closest
thing to squeezing his shoulder as he could come. The raven looked a
little lost.

"Why did you never tell me?" Harry asked at last. "You always talked of
Carrigan as if he were..." Dead. Gone. Not me. He didn't know what to
say exactly.

"I don't want you to get confused, Harry. I didn't want you to try to
*be* Carrigan. You're not him. He had his life and it ended. You are...
you are Harry, and that is more than most can handle."

"But you still wanted me to be," he said, thinking back over all the
times he had spent in Bobby's company and always wondering why the raven
had chosen him in the first place. "That's why you chose to help me in
the Black Forest. That's why you remained my friend even though I am
Voldemort's protégé"

Bobby didn't answer for a moment, merely stared up at him as if judging
how much was safe to say.

"I admit, I was curious. Reincarnation is a funny thing. The soul
remains the same, but everything else is different. Body, personality,
beliefs... those are unique to each new life. Sometimes, however,
something of the soul shines through regardless of form. I wanted to see
if I could recognize anything of Seamus in you."

"And did you? Is there something of him left behind that you still
recognize?" Harry asked, unsure if he really wanted the answer. It was
different than with Voldemort. At least with the Dark Lord, he knew even
if he only liked Harry because he was Carrigan's reincarnation, it was
because they shared some innate trait between their carnations that drew
them together and not because of an attempt to reforge a friendship with
a man long dead. Bobby, he couldn't be so sure about.

"I didn't at first," Bobby said. "I liked you well enough, but it became
obvious very quickly that your personalities were different. You were a
lot more stubborn for one. He had more patience. But, you know, after a
while I realized you had at least one trait in common."

"What trait is that?"

"You both seemed to like difficult relationships."

"You mean Voldemort?"

"No, well yes, but I mean difficult people in general. Your closest
relationships seem to involve people whose lives are too complicated or
personalities too off-putting for most people."

Harry wasn't sure if he was being complimented or chastised or most
likely Bobby was just stating a fact. He had never really thought of
himself as being drawn to difficult relationships, but looking at his
life since he came to the wizarding world he could see where Bobby got
that impression. All of his friends and family held a lot of personal
baggage, but then again they had also been the most understanding of
Harry's.

"What sorts of people was Carrigan friends with?" he asked, wondering at
the comparison.

"All sorts. Miniature Dark Lords aside, he had several friends and
students who weren't entirely human, and you should have *seen* some of
his girlfriends. Then of course, there was me."

"You? But you were his brother."

"I was a *lousy* brother. A *difficult* brother."

"Oh." Harry wanted to ask what he meant, but it seemed too delicate a
situation to broach. Instead, he said, "I suppose some things haven't
changed between your incarnations either."

"Hey!"

Harry just smiled and Bobby gave an annoyed huff. They talked a little
more about what happened to them since they last saw each other. Their
congenial mood quickly withered as they told of their misadventures. In
its place was guilt. Harry had not even thought to look for Bobby, and
if he had then he would have been able to end his captivity. Bobby knew
he was at least partly responsible for the terrible injuries Harry had
suffered in the Berlin Underground and the consequences he was still
living with to that day. There were still other factors that further
complicated their feelings about what had happened, not least of which
was Voldemort.

"Did he hurt you?" Harry asked once they had fallen into silence. He
didn't know what he would do if the Dark Lord had hurt Bobby. The raven
would not have deserved it and if his mentor had tormented him out of
callousness, he didn't know if he would be able to forgive him for it.
He didn't know if he could easily hate him either.

He suddenly had new sympathy for Luna.

"Not really," Bobby said, his voice taking on a haughty tone. "He would
have regretted it if he tried. I'm Bobbitimus IV, after all."

It was false bravado, but Harry appreciated it. Bobby didn't like
Voldemort. In fact, he absolutely loathed the Dark Lord, but he didn't
want Harry to feel bad that he didn't feel the same way. He must have
gleaned from Harry's story that the bond they shared was too complicated
to turn to hate easily. Anger, sure, but not hate.

"So what will you do now?" Harry asked. "You're free again. You could go
anywhere."

"Ah, that's quite tempting. Perhaps you would like to come with me."

Harry just smiled.

"I couldn't do that. I've got too much to do here."

There was no reply to this, and he felt suddenly uneasy.

"Bobby?"

"You know, when I started to believe I wasn't going to escape, I started
having regrets. The ones that bothered me the most were the ones where I
didn't tell you something. Something I should have told you years ago."

"What is it?"

Despite his regrets, the raven still seemed to struggle with what he
needed to tell him. He fidgeted on the rail, looking around nervously,
maybe even looking for eavesdroppers. Harry waited for him, even looked
around himself. There was nothing but the soft whistling of the wind.

"Have you..." Bobby began, hesitantly, "ever heard of the Trelawny
Prophecy?"

Harry just blinked at him.

No freaking way.

"You *ass!*" he snapped, before he could stop himself. The raven jumped
back in surprise, fluttered gracelessly for a moment in the air before
landing back on the rail. His surprise didn't lessen any more than
Harry's anger as he continued. "You *knew* about that? You knew about
that this entire time? Why the hell didn't you say something?"

"Um... I'll take that as a 'yes'."

"When were you going to tell me?"

"Well, that's actually a good question. I mean, I did intend to tell
you. It just never seemed the right time."

"When, exactly, would have been a good time, Bobby? After Voldemort
found out? Oh Merlin, does he know already?"

"About the prophecy? Yes. That it's you? No. He believes he's already
completed the prophecy. It's probably the only reason he hasn't figured
it out yet. When did you figure-"

"Gulandri told me. And isn't that a wonderful source to receive
momentously bad news from? I didn't believe him at first...but afterward
I wasn't so sure. Wait, what do you mean Voldemort thinks he fulfilled
the prophecy already?"

"He killed someone he thought fit the prophecy. He killed several
someones more than likely."

"Who?"

"I don't know. A baby. Babies. Depending on whether you believe the
rumors or not."

Harry fell silent. He wasn't sure how he felt about that. He couldn't
picture it in his mind. He had seen the Dark Lord kill. He had seen dead
children after the Goddess Colony massacre. But in his mind he could not
combine those two images, although he knew intellectually that his
mentor was capable of infanticide. It seemed somehow abstract and not
entirely real.

Did he even want to know whether it was real or not? He knew Voldemort
was a monster, but he was more than that.

How much of his darkness could he stand to see before he could see
nothing else?

"You okay?" Bobby asked. "You're not going to implode are you?"

Harry snorted, and rubbed a hand through his hair.

"I don't know what to do."

"That offer to travel is still open. You look old enough now; no one
would question you traveling on your own if you had the right papers.
Which I can get."

Harry was tempted. Right now, it seemed the sanest thing he could
possibly do was pack his things and disappear. It would be different
from before. He wouldn't feel so alone. He would have his brother, and
they would take care of each other.

Except even with the new family member he had found, he could not bring
himself to abandon the family he had made for himself. Hermione needed
him now. His godfathers needed him. Snape... could probably get along
without him, but he'd grow terribly bored after a while. Voldemort...
had minions and sycophants and loyalists, but Harry was his only real
friend. Even if he was the greatest threat to him as well.

"I'll have to put a rain check on that. Voldemort doesn't know, so I'm
safe. I've been fine for as long as he hasn't known, and I don't see any
reason for that to change. We'll just go on as normal, until I can
figure something out."

"There are so many things wrong with what you just said I can't even
begin to point them out."

"You have a better idea?"

"We could go kill the bastard before he's recovered his full strength."

Harry glared at him. Bobby gave an avian shrug.

"You asked."

---

Voldemort took a deep breath of acrid green smoke and held it, let it
burn his throat and tongue on its passage into his lungs. The miasma
filled the tiny vesicles there, then seeped through the thin membrane
into his blood. Within moments he could feel the vaporized potion take
effect, not unlike taking a hit of strong whiskey.

He exhaled.

There was a moment of slight disorientation, where everything suddenly
took on a dreamlike quality. Had someone spoken?

"No," Morgan said. His disorientation increased for a moment- Morgan
*never*said 'no' to him- but then it subsided so that his mind was once
again clear even if his body did not feel like it was entirely his own.
Of course, no one had spoken. At least, no one mortal. The only ones
there, nestled amongst the hedges of his maze garden on his private
estate, were himself and Morgan, who knew better than to distract him.
His minions of various rank and occupation were sequestered in the main
house of the Sianach Lodge and would not risk his wrath by coming down
to spy. His mood had not been forgiving as of late.

The section of the maze they occupied was not the same as where he
performed his solstice rites or his usual sacrifices. Those places had
taken a certain air of divine mysticism he did not wish to sully with
the more mundane, if sometimes more practical, modern dark arts. The
magic he was performing was not traditional and required no god's
blessing to perform, so he thought it best to move it to a small space
in the furthest corner of the garden maze where he was less likely to
offend some god or goddess with his apparent willful independence.

The magic he was performing was not one he was entirely familiar with,
but had come at Severus' suggestion. It was a strange combination of
alchemy and potions, biology and engineering. He was currently
intoxicating himself with a potion entirely of the potion master's
invention, the vapors steaming up as he boiled its contents in a
cauldron over a simple wood fire. It was not something that could be
done indoors, even if the heavens threatened to break open and ruin his
efforts with a sudden downpour at any moment. Today, his luck seemed to
have turned in his favor, and he was able to complete this phase of the
spell without incident.

He climbed unsteadily to his feet. Even after a week, it was difficult
to balance himself without his other arm, especially since his body
seemed to have convinced itself that the limb was still there. It had
been itching terribly for days.

Morgan kept his distance at the entrance of the hedge, not offering to
assist, although he tightened his grip on his wand in case he had to
cast a spell to save his prideful master from falling into the fire. He
had only been allowed to follow the Dark Lord into the maze because two
hands were needed to prepare everything. He also seemed to be the only
one available who could keep their hands steady enough to do the task
while under their lord's venomous glare.

"Get the *arlaghit,*" Voldemort commanded, his voice surprisingly strong
even as he swayed heavily passing by him. Morgan obediently moved out of
his way,and picked up the set of tongs that had been left beside the
hedge. Holding his breath, he stepped towards the still boiling cauldron
and used the tongs to reach inside and pull out a strange contraption.
The arlaghit consisted of two silver bands, one slightly larger than the
other, held together by a series of hooks and clasps that could be
released or secured in order to adjust the position of each band. Morgan
did not examine it too closely. It was still dripping and steaming the
putrid potion that was already stinging his eyes, and he had no desire
to hold it any nearer to his face.

"Do not tarry, my friend," the Dark Lord said impatiently, weaving his
way towards the exit. His minion followed closely, having no idea how to
get out of the maze himself. "I have a press conference in an hour, and
I still must make myself presentable after we're done."

Morgan hardly needed to be reminded. He had been the one to stress the
importance to Lord Voldemort of reassuring not only his countrymen but
also the world that he was in perfect health. The general confusion of
his early return from Germany had quickly given way to panic when their
fearless leader had failed to show himself for nearly a week despite the
quickly spreading rumors that he had been fatally injured. The Polish
Ministry was seething over the Dark Lord's sudden abandonment of their
troops in Germany, and any good will he had intended to foster there had
been ruined. He would have to provide them with some explanation soon,
but it would not be until any perceived weakness could be corrected. The
Germans had sensed blood in the water, and there were already reports
coming in of potential attacks planned for both Germany and Britain. His
Culties had lost ground for the first time in months and been pushed
outside the region of Hesse, while fighting had lapsed into a stalemate
along the border between Thuringia and Saxony-Anhalt, halting his
advance both north and west. He was being continuously peppered with
inquiries over his health and how soon he would be able to enter the
fight and resolve this disturbing trend.

After a week of anxiety, discomfort, and impatience, his preparations to
reappear were almost complete, but it would be months before he could
repair all the damage his sudden absence had caused. Not to mention the
large number of staff he was going to have to replace. He was half
tempted to call on Harry just to harangue him some more on how all of
this was entirely his fault. Severus had convinced him that less was
more in this case, and his protégé was perfectly capable of blaming
himself without the Dark Lord making him feel resentful by accusing him
directly. It didn't help that in the long sleepless hours he paced his
study, his mind had begun to circle around the unasked and unanswered
questions of what precisely had happened in Hausteheim had begun to
wheedle their way into his psyche. He caught a general understanding
from Lucius, but at the time of his questioning he had been more
interested in venting his anger than anything and knew now he had
overlooked far more than was wise.

Lucius had been cursed, and that would have to be dealt with shortly
although whether by himself or by Harry, he had not decided. Favoring
Harry and putting the general into his protégé's debt was not how he had
wished their game to play out, but Lucius bore the greater burden of
responsibility in this situation. Harry knew he was defying his lord in
going to Ireland, but he had at least gone through the appropriate
channels and taken precautions rather than simply run off on his own
like he usually did. It was Lucius who had approved Harry's visit and
provided inadequate protection, and to add insult to injury he had
somehow freed Bobby in the process. And Bobby might have said some
things to Harry that Voldemort wasn't entirely sure how he was going to
explain.

He would need to make plans to recapture the raven. His interest in
Harry was concerning.

Thoughts of the feathered fiend eventually had him turning his thoughts
towards Tom, who was never far from his thoughts but rarely at the
forefront either. The frail sliver of himself had not shown itself
again, and after the death of McGunny at the Battle of Kent, he had lost
all leads. He knew better than to leave him to his own devices
indefinitely, but he believed he had some time yet. Whatever his
horcrux's intentions, and they were no doubt centered around his demise,
he would reveal himself long before he had gathered the necessary
resources and supporters to usurp his position and then Voldemort would
destroy him for good. He would have to keep his eyes open for malcontent
in the coming days. As he recalled, his death eaters had been gathered
at a time when the ministry had proven itself to be vulnerable. Now
might be the rare and brief period of uncertainty in the Dark Lord's
reign that Tom had been waiting for.

He had no intention of letting present circumstances continue long
enough for such a rebellion to take root.

As they approached the house, the arlaghit had cooled sufficiently for
Morgan to hide it within the folds of his robes. No one knew what they
had been doing out in the maze, and as far as Voldemort and his chief of
security were concerned, no one ever would. Victoria was waiting for
them in the hall as they entered through the back gate. She was once
again playing the role of a squib maid in order to discreetly monitor
the conversations and behaviors of the higher ranking Court and Cultie
officials attending to their Lord's demands, but she was no more aware
of the situation than they. Which was the only reason he let it go when
she offered to take his cloak.

His cloak hadn't been removed in front of anyone since his return to
England, and it was the only reason no one knew he had lost his arm.
Certainly many of his subjects, particularly those who had seen him in
person, must have suspected, but no one *knew*save those who had been
there to see him lose it (and he was keeping them closely watched) and
Morgan. After today, even those who had suspected would assume they had
been wrong.

"Have the prisoners been prepared?" he asked, making his way towards the
kitchen. The estate was not built with a dungeon, but the wine cellar
was easy enough to convert for their purposes. Two Culties were
dutifully standing guard at the door. One saluted.

"Sir, yes, sir!"

"You needn't shout."

"Er... sorry, sir."

"Open the door."

"Yes, sir."

The soldier scrambled for his keys, feeding the Dark Lord's impatience
after several failed attempts at locating the right one. Eventually, his
fellow guard sensed the developing disaster and unlocked the door with a
simple '*alohamora'.*

"Thank you. Now *crucio* your incompetent friend. I don't have time to
do it myself."

Morgan shut the door behind them, cutting off the agonized scream before
it reached its full pitch, and then locked the door. The wine cellar was
little more than an earthen room dug out of the foundation, and no
effort had been made to pave the floor or install lighting. The
cavern-like room was illuminated by a single lantern that had been left
at the bottom of the stairs. From its light alone, Voldemort could make
out the three prisoners that had been selected for his purposes.

Two of them were German rebels captured and brought to Bristol for
interrogation and the third was a convicted criminal of the British
Court system. No one whose disappearance would be questioned. They were
each in their mid twenties, too new to their internment to have been
badly damaged, and dressed in gray prison garb except for the sleeves
which had been removed. He paid little attention to their faces and
instead focused on their bare arms, which were being held out straight
in front of them by *petrificus totalus* as they stood at attention
along the far wall.

He peered closely at the left arm of each prisoner, judging their
lengths and shapes and even their coloring as best he could in the dim
light. Morgan had chosen well. They were all satisfactory.

He removed his cloak, revealing his truncated arm. There was no reaction
from the prisoners. Even if they were not under the paralysis spell,
he'd had them blinded. He only had need of one of them today and did not
wish to leave the others with something to gossip to their jailors about
after he left. He continued undressing, unfastening his cloak and then
carefully unbuttoning his shirt with his one good hand, a feat he had
practiced to perfection over the last week. Morgan took the articles of
clothing as they came off and carefully folded them over a closed water
barrel left in the corner. Once he was bare from the waist up, he
addressed his underling.

"I am ready."

Morgan removed the arlaghit from his robes. He unhooked various latches,
twisted a tiny dial, and thumbed a button or two until the arlaghit
split apart into two separate bands. The slightly smaller band he
secured to the very edge of Voldemort's severed limb. There was more
thumbing of buttons and twisting of dials as he adjusted the band to
conform to the irregular shape of the nub of flesh. The Dark Lord let
out a hiss of discomfort as the arlaghit activated, Latin words suddenly
illuminated in burning red against the smooth stretches of silver. The
second band still in Morgan's hand activated as well, growing
uncomfortably hot in his hand. He moved to the first prisoner, one of
the Germans, and slid the second band over his left arm.

The prisoner didn't move, that was impossible, but his entire body
stiffened. Morgan slid the band slowly up his arm, until it neared the
top where it suddenly shrank of its own accord, conforming to the limb.
The silver turned red hot, and he was forced to let go completely. A
second later the arm fell to the ground.

"Careful with that!" the Dark Lord hissed. "Now bring it here."

His servant collected the arm, pausing momentarily to look at the
prisoner. There was no blood. The severed limb had been cauterized, but
the blackened meat and bone left behind was a grisly sight just the
same. The prisoner himself wasn't just stiff now, but shaking all over.
He must have felt everything.

Morgan did not linger. Torture was something he was familiar with and
this was not even close to the worst he had witnessed or participated
in. This, at least, served a valuable purpose. He returned to Voldemort
and aligned the two arlaghit bands, and again magic took over the rest,
hooks and clasps coming together of their own accord until they were
sealed together and became an illusion of wholeness.

The Dark Lord let out another hiss, then took a deep breath. He turned
his attention to the fingertips of his new hand, and after a moment of
concentration the limp fingers curled into a fist. He exhaled and the
fingers unclenched and wiggled experimentally.

"Excellent. It will have to be adjusted every week or so, and replaced
in another month, but it will prove sufficient for now," he said, and
moved to redress. Now that this particular chore was over, he needed to
shower and change for the interview and catch up on a million other
things he had let lapse during his self-imposed exile. His scratched his
new limb and felt his mood immediately lighten when the itch that had
been plaguing him for days immediately subsided.

"Dispose of him," Voldemort continued, gesturing offhandedly to the
maimed prisoner. When Morgan did not immediately obey, the Dark Lord
paused long enough to look directly at him. He looked decidedly unhappy.
"You have something to say?"

He was feeling pleased enough at the moment to allow it. He probably
wouldn't even punish the man for it.

"You seem to be taking this all very lightly," his security chief said,
blandly. "You never used to be this reckless."

"Reckless?"

"Chasing after Lord Potter into a faerie realm without telling
anyone..."

"Circumstances did not allow for it."

"Circumstances rarely do where *he* is involved. You've changed a great
deal since you met him."

Voldemort supposed this was true, but he was not one for past
examination and couldn't specify exactly *how*this was true. Aside from
the soul thing... and he still wasn't entirely sure of the long term
effects of that.

"Do you think that is a bad thing?" he asked, because he had no more
desire to change who he was now than he did before having met the boy.
It had seemed like such a natural progression, although there was
nothing natural about the reparation of his soul or the myriad of trials
he had experienced with and for Harry.

"It does not seem to have turned out very well for you," Morgan pointed
out.

Voldemort actually laughed at this, because it was amazing to him how
insightful this particular minion could be and yet how blind.

"Oh, Morgan. I have sacrificed far more than *this*," he said, wiggling
the fingers of his new hand, "... to get where I am today. Things I
thought I would never get back. Some things I never will. I have not
regretted those sacrifices, and I will not regret this one."

His Chief of Security said nothing to this, but then there was nothing
more to say or ask, and it would have wasted both of their time to try.
What was done was done, and while Morgan may not entirely understand the
'why' of it, he did understand that it had not been done without a
reason or reasoning. There was still a method behind his master's
madness that Britain relied upon to guide them from the stagnant and
cloistered little world they had been to the glorious empire they were
becoming.

Voldemort did not linger to reassure him. Just as his minion had faith
in his master's purpose, so too did the Dark Lord have faith in his
servant's obedience. Fully dressed except for his cloak now draped over
his new arm, he climbed the stairs to face the world, leaving Morgan in
the cellar to erase his sins from existence.

---

"Huh. I wonder how he did it," Harry asked, skimming through the
newspaper article. The Astronomy tower was as cold and dark as ever, but
a few levitating orbs of fire scattered throughout the interior added a
touch of comfort and just enough light to read by. Included in the
article was a rather large picture of Lord Voldemort standing in what
looked like a parlor, one hand resting on the mantle of a fire place and
his previously missing hand wrapped around a glass of water. The
contents of the article were not particularly interesting to him as not
a thing of it was true, except perhaps the reassurance that the Dark
Lord was fit and would be returning to the German front within the week.
Lucius Malfoy was still conspicuously absent, but Harry would turn his
thoughts to that particular thorn later.

"At someone else's expense, no doubt," Bobby said, blandly.

"Maybe, maybe not. He said it would grow back on its own eventually.
Maybe he found a way to accelerate it," he suggested. The raven didn't
attempt to argue the point. Voldemort's recovery seemed to release a
certain level of tension from Harry, and as tightly as wound as he was,
Bobby knew it was a good thing. Even if it left a sour taste in his
mouth.

"I suppose it's possible," he said, reluctantly. "Anyway, how are things
going with your friend? Any success?"

Harry's other friends were something of a genuine curiosity to him. He
had been observing them from behind windows and through Harry's
conversations about them for the better part of two days. They were...
innocent. Not exactly naïve, but still fundamentally uncorrupted.
Perhaps it was simply their age, but their company seemed so incredibly
wholesome in comparison to the Gryffindor's other associates, Bobby felt
inclined to encourage the friendship even if led to such a truly strange
situation as the one with Hermione Granger. The fact that their little
plan would doubtlessly piss off Lucius Malfoy was just icing on the
cake.

Harry had not introduced him to them yet. Neither of them were sure how
to approach the matter or even if they should. Telling them he was the
reincarnated brother of Harry's preincarnation was out of the question
and Bobby's fugitive status was a little awkward to explain. It would
keep for the time being. There was no reason to rush into anything.

"Snape announced this morning the Weird Sisters are coming in two weeks,
and Hermione's going to do an interview for the school paper with
Smythe. That should give them plenty of time to talk and fill out
paperwork. I have a friend familiar with legal circles who's going to
try to get things pushed through, but we won't know for sure if it's
approved until March at the earliest and that's pushing things quite a
bit as it is. It's going to be tight, if the wedding is still on. I'll
need to speak with Lucius here soon, and I'm not looking forward to it."

"You could always let him croak and speak with his widow instead," he
suggested.

"That's rather passive aggressive of you."

"I prefer to think of it as 'fraternally protective'. I don't want you
anywhere near the scoundrel."

"Maybe he'll be more reasonable when his brain isn't rotting inside of
his skull."

"Probably not. He'll just be more subtle about it."

Harry sighed.

"He's still Draco's father. I can't just let him die. Besides, Britain
needs him. He's good at what he does."

"I am relieved to hear you say so."

Harry leaped to his feet, spinning around and drawing his wand. Bobby
disappeared into the rafters above. A familiar shadow detached itself
from the Darkness, but the Gryffindor already knew who it was. His voice
was unmistakable.

"Snape? What are you...? Uh... how long have you been standing there?"

The headmaster was the very picture of sinister intent. He looked tired,
and yet somehow indestructible, dressed in pristine black and gray robes
and an expression that could freeze water at a glance. Harry was getting
the full brunt of that look now, and already he could feel his insides
turning to ice. What had he heard? What would he do?

"Long enough to bring down your Silencing Spell and overhear your latest
conspiracy," Snape said with an unreadable calm. "Follow me."

He turned and disappeared down the stairs, not even bothering to look
back to see if Harry would follow. The Gryffindor looked up to rafters
in search of Bobby. He still could not see him, but he heard him clearly
enough.

"In case you've changed your mind about traveling, Egypt is lovely this
time of year."
