# Rebel

Albus stared down at the map of Europe, watching the movement of little
colored dots shuffle around and fighting back the awed horror of what their
movements represented. On a purely intellectual level, he could not help but
admire the Tom's strategies and the unwavering discipline he exhibited in
carrying them out. Tom had come a very long way from his days as an underworld
tyrant.

"There's rumors the Dark Lord is coming to Poland in person to sign the
treaty," one of the commanders said softly to another in the shadowed corners
of the room. His hands were fidgeting around a cigarette he couldn't light. No
one smoked or talked very loudly when their head general was obviously
thinking.

"He'd be mad. We have spies and assassins all over Poland," another hissed,
obviously irritated and wanting a cigarette himself.

"He is mad. He led the battle straight into Berlin surrounded by aurors. He
does not fear death, he invites it to tea on Wednesdays," the commander
laughed nervously.

The influx of yellow dots from Italy into England did not have the disruptive
effect either Dumbledoreor Italy's forces had hoped for, and on the frontlines
in Germany there was barely a twitch in the movement of the green pegs. They
were not falling for the bait, though it must have cost them dearly. He tried
to imagine for a few moments the damage the Italians inflicted and if he would
recognize the cities they claimed to have laid waste to. The religious zeal of
the Italian aurors was vaguely nauseating to think about, and he wondered if
this war would not finally stamp the delusion of divine providence the
government had been fostering since their successful defiance of Grindelwald.
Certainly, their complete defeat in York shook their confidence, and while the
Italian Minister of Magic claimed it was the work of the devil, it was hard to
stare at the news photographs of Harry Potter and find the supposed evil
lurking behind his tired eyes.

"You know they started school again in Dresden and Chemnitz? The citizen
resistance's almost stopped there. I wonder if it's the attempt at normalcy
that did it or if the kids are hostages."

"Depends if it's mandatory or not. The kids are the only ones left with wands,
so keeping an eye on them and keeping them obedient has to be a priority."

"It'd make my father sick to see kids getting intentionally dragged into this.
Whole thing started with the tournament thing. Never should have gone down
like that. This war might have been inevitable, but it never should have
started that way."

Dumbledore kept a photograph of Harry where ever he went, whatever secret safe
house the German Aurors can find and move him to on short notice. Whenever he
feels particularly tired and depressed, he took it out and staref at it for a
few minutes and it made him feel better. It didn't make much sense to anyone
else, and more than likely some of them thought it was down right creepy, but
the image of Lily and James' child staring back at him set his mind whirling
with possibilities. He tought of the prophecy, and knows it can't apply to
Harry but the connections won't break free, and his thoughts circled
constantly around a single thought.

This boy has affected the course of the war more than any other individual
save Voldemort himself.

"You hear about York?"

"Who hasn't heard about York?"

"Some professor in Stuttgart says he figured out how to replicate the Potter
Bird Spell. He says its 'old' magic."

"Old magic. Dark magic. I don't care. I don't want it in our schools. It's
unnatural," the commander muttered, and stuck the cigarette in his mouth and
chewed at the end.

"That boy is unnatural."

The prophecy didn't fit at first, second, or third glance, but perhaps he just
wasn't seeing all the pieces. Maybe he's interpreting it all wrong. He can't
make it fit, but he's positive it relates to Harry some how and that gives him
hope.

And he needs hope. He just received word Romania and Transylvania had ratified
a treaty with the Dark Lord and Poland was very close to doing the same.
Germany's own potential allies in Austria, Hungary, and Bulgaria were hesitant
to be associated with the Italians and their murderous policy against
civilians and Dumbledore couldn't blame them. He couldn't afford their
stalling either though.

He's running out of time and he knew it. This was not like the previous war,
fought in the shadows with intelligence and cunning and discretion. This war
was public, political, and brutally explicit with heavy arms and heavy losses.
Dumbledore knew he was wasting his energy beating the shell of a great
viperous beast with no hope of breaking it open and no way to get inside.
There was no fighting for victory as things stood now, only for time.

"Gentlemen," he said at last, looking up from the study of his map to the two
aurors. They looked unduly nervous at being addressed directly. He didn't
think he was a very scary looking man, but who knew these days? "It would be
safe to assume the Dark Lord is going to use his new allies to strengthen his
hold on the Eastern front and push his way west. I will need to speak with the
other commanders about preparing for their advance. Please arrange a meeting
as quickly as possible."

The commanders each gave him a sharp salute and went to do his bidding. Once
they were out of sight, he summoned Tonks who appeared within moments dressed
in civilian robes. Her expression was fierce, but she waited patiently for her
instructions.

"I want you in France. A treaty is almost inevitable there now, and I want our
people there to stall their involvement in the fighting for as long as
possible. Try to be subtle for as long as you can."

She nodded sharply and turned to leave.

"And Nymphadora…"

She paused, reluctantly.

"Be safe."

Her reply was the sharp snap of the door behind her as she left.

---

"Harry, it's wonderful to see you! Your timing is perfect," Ira greeted as he
entered the cottage. They had apparently arrived at approximately the same
time, and Snape glanced back at him blandly as he started carrying their
luggage up the stairs to their bedroom. Harry gave him an equally unimpressed
look, but secretly he was glad to see him again. In small doses, he was
tolerable company.

If Snape had gained a little color since the Gryffindor had last seen him, Ira
looked like a completely different person. Her skin was several shades darker,
her hair several shades lighter and she had clearly been shopping in Parisian
boutiques. She didn't have the foxy flair Vesper Larousse had had, but there
was a definite Parisian chic to her new hair style and she smelled sweetly of
fine perfume. She was radiating enough positive magic he was amazed flowers
weren't springing up beneath her feet as she walked. Ira gave him an enormous
hug, which was sort of nice and really embarrassing at the same time. He was
glad Snape was upstairs at least.

"I've got souvenirs for later. I know you've been to Paris already, but I
don't think you've ever brought anything back."

"I rarely got off of the palace grounds, and they generally frown on visitors
wandering off with all their shiny baubles," he admitted. "Let me put my stuff
away and you can tell me about Paris."

By the time he was done putting his things away and sorting through his list
of things he was going to have to start working on, Ira was in the process of
making dinner, insisting that both Severus and she were stuck in Parisian time
and starving. His souvenir turned out to be a tea set of all things, made
elegantly of black porcelain and trimmed in gold.

"The pot is charmed to heat the water automatically, so you don't have bother
heating the kettle. I noticed you've developed a fondness for making your own
tea," she said, and he very nearly choked. He seriously hoped Snape didn't
suspect anything suspicious from his new 'hobby'. It wouldn't take much for
the potions master to figure out what he was doing if he put his mind to it.

His paranoia proved unfounded and an hour later Snape was sitting at the
dinner table with them, discussing nothing more interesting than their
schedule. The new headmaster would be in and out throughout the summer
preparing the castle for the upcoming school year and Ira had a few projects
of her own to help keep her busy. Harry kept his own plans to himself, aside
from the occasional mention of Dueling tournaments and visits to the werewolf
colony, which he would have had to inform them of eventually anyway.

Dinner passed in quiet, domestic tranquility.

Ira yawned.

"Why don't you take a nap, my dear," Snape suggested. "We'll clean up here."

Harry refrained from pointing out that 'we' meant him.

"Thank you, Severus. I am a bit tired."

Once she had retired to her room, something in the atmosphere shifted and the
young Gryffidnor stiffened before the man even turned to look at him. Snape
regarded him with cool expectation, tapping his long spidery fingers on the
table. Harry was instantly on guard.

"There are going to be a few new house rules, Potter. An acknowledgment of our
change of status if you will. Me as a husband and you as… homicidal fiend in
the making."

Harry gave a bland look at his new 'status'.

"Ira is now the lady of the house, and you will respect her as you would me.
If you don't, I will take it very personally," he said, his even tone laced
with warning. "This is particularly true when out in public. I know you think
yourself very important, but even you have those you must answer to and she is
one of them. If she asks you to do something, do it. None of your sarcasm or
backtalk."

"I respect her just fine without your input," he snapped, but Snape ignored
him and continued.

"For safety reasons, all of your spell books are to be placed in the study,
including your school and library books, unless you are using them. You are at
a level where experimentation with magic is common, and I refuse to be caught
unaware, particularly with your propensity towards more powerful spells."

Harry instantly bristled at the idea. It was an incredible breach of privacy
and one he had never had to suffer through before. It certainly didn't help
that there was a great deal he didn't want to share with the man, particularly
his plans to help get Hermione out of her betrothal and his animagus lessons.

"Finally, you are to inform either Ira or myself of your comings and going
over the summer. I don't care if you're going to visit the Malfoy estate or
stepping out to grab the post, you will tell us of where you're going and when
we should expect you back. Don't even *think* about arguing with me about
this," he snapped when he saw his charge rallying a protest.

Harry snapped his mouth shut, anger and frustration burning in his eyes.

"That is all I have… for the moment. How was your visit with the Malfoys?" he
asked idly, as if he hadn't just turned the Gryffindor's home into a prison in
which he was the warden.

"It was *fantastic*," he hissed, and almost went off into a rant but stopped
himself. He wasn't exactly pleased with his visit for a lot of reasons but he
was even less pleased with Snape and had no intention of forgetting one source
of anger for another. Instead, he stood up and stalked towards the door. "I am
going for a walk."

He grabbed the knob, but it stuck. He fiddled with the lock, but still it
wouldn't open. Frustrated, he drew his wand, only to have Snape sigh in an
irritating, put upon fashion.

"You haven't told me when you intend to be back. It won't open until you do."

"Aaargh! God, you're annoying!" he shouted. "I'll be back when I don't feel
like throttling you!"

Amazingly, the knob twisted under his grip and he stumbled through as it
opened. *Seriously*, he thought in disbelief, *that counts?* Of course, it
wasn't the end of it and Snape called after him.

"Oh, and curfew is at eight. If you come back after that you won't be able to
get inside unless I let you in myself, and don't think I won't let you sleep
out in the garden."

"You suck!" he called back as he stomped away, knowing it was one of the worst
dramatic exits ever and feeling like an idiot. He didn't look back as the door
swung shut behind him, but he could imagine Snape smiling smugly over the
entire thing. At least he had gotten out of doing the dishes he tried to
console himself, rather unsuccessfully.

He had somewhat more success consoling himself by thinking up insults to lob
at his guardian the next time he saw him, and then further distracting himself
by trying to think of ways to get around putting all his books in the study.
Maybe if he kept the books outside the house? Perhaps he could find the
counter charm. His thoughts busily plotting against Snape, he failed to notice
he was not alone on the road until someone called out to him. He gave a
terrible start and spun around with his wand drawn.

Robert and Kyle both jumped back, equally as surprised as he had been.

"Merlin, you're fast!' Kyle blurted out, looking from the wand to Harry's
stunned expression. "I knew you had a reputation as a duelist, but my
goodness!"

"What are you doing here?" he asked sharply. Robert looked down in
embarrassment. *As well he should*, Harry thought darkly.

"Looking for you, obviously," Kyle said, unperturbed, and dragged his husband
after Harry. "We knew you were coming home today, so we were hoping to catch
you on the road. This works just as well. How are you, Harry?"

"Not that great to be quite honest."

He considered walking back into the garden and ignoring them both, but
honestly he was mad at Robert, not Kyle, and if they were both here he didn't
know how to be rude to one and not the other.

"Yes, we heard about York… and your friend, Hermione. That's actually why I'm
here. Can we buy you a butter beer?"

Again, he considered declining. He was hard pressed at the moment not to punch
Robert in the nose. After a dark look at the man, however, he finally nodded
and they changed directions and headed back towards town.

It was Sunday, and everyone around the town was still dressed in their church
robes and dresses. Harry was rather plainly dressed in comparison, but
villagers tipped their hats or curtsied with a respectful 'good day, Mr.
Potter' or 'welcome back, sir' as they passed. The pub owner greeted them
himself at the door and ushered him to a private booth immediately, then got
them each with a round of butter beer.

"I've got a sister and nephew in York, lad. This ones on the house," the man
said with a wink.

Harry smiled and nodded politely, smothering his foul mood long enough for him
to disappear before his expression soured.

"Oh, don't give us that look, Harry," Kyle chided, playfully. "We've come to
make amends. Robert isn't any happier about this situation with Ms. Granger
than you are. It's absolutely distasteful."

Soothed somewhat, the Gryffidnor allowed his expression to become more
neutral.

"First, I want an explanation. From *you,*" he said, staring pointedly at
Robert, who was fidgeting with his wedding ring. "Why in the world did you get
involved with this in the first place? I thought better of you, especially as
a father of two girls of your own."

The man grimaced, but managed to look him in the eye.

"That isn't fair. I didn't intend to get sucked into this… unpleasant
business. I was hired to settle a civil suit. I can't talk about it, since its
client privilege, but it certainly hadn't started out as … *this*! I never
would have taken the case if I had known."

"Why not quit?"

Robert snorted and rolled his eyes.

"Quit? On Lucius Malfoy? That's career suicide, and I can't afford to be a
righteous martyr these days. I've got two mortgages and a family to feed, and
times aren't cheap. Besides, it wouldn't make a wit of difference. He would
just hire another lawyer, one even less scrupulous then I."

Harry's ire towards the man settled. He supposed he could understand. Lucius
had backed him into a corner, and Robert had more to worry about than just
himself. That bastard. Of course, it also meant that whatever he did to help
Hermione, he would have to be careful to make sure the Reichers were not
caught in the backlash. He sighed and leaned back in seat. Kyle reached across
the table and patted his hand sympathetically.

"Don't be glum, lad. We didn't come empty handed."

Robert nodded, and moved out of the booth. "I'm going to go buy the Sunday
post. I'll be back in about fifteen minutes."

Confused, Harry watched him disappear out the door… right past the pile of
news papers stacked beside the door. Kyle just smiled.

"Don't worry. He can't involve himself in this conversation because of his
position as Malfoy's lawyer, but I… well, let's just say legal aids have
considerably more leeway."

Immediately, Harry perked up. Had Kyle found some legal maneuver that could
help Hermione?

"Now, I want you to know I'll help you in any *legal* way I can. That's
somewhat limiting, but you're clever and you have resources that neither of us
do, so perhaps that will be enough. Right now, the only I can offer you is
options, and once you and your friend decide on which one you want, we'll see
what I can do."

Harry nodded. "Any help we could get right now would be appreciated."

"Alright, as I figure it you have four ways of getting your friend out of this
wedding. The first, and least likely, is to have Lord Malfoy call it off
himself. Fat chance."

Not as fat as Kyle thought. Harry did have that bargain with the wizard after
all, but he wanted that to remain a last resort.

"What about Lady Malfoy? Could she call it off?"

There was a slightly better chance he could convince Hermione's foster mother.
The woman didn't really like him much, but she did seem to have an honest
affection for her foster daughter. The fact that she had agreed to the wedding
in the first place, however, suggested something wasn't quite right with her.

"No, she couldn't. If Hermione were her biological daughter, she would have
more say, but adoptions fall under the authority of the head of the family.
The whole issue is a bit convoluted, but that's law. The second option, of
course, is to have Crouch call of the wedding, but the only way I can see that
happening is if the debt he has with Lord Malfoy were to suddenly absolve
itself. Highly unlikely. The third option is for Hermione to be legally
emancipated and then call off the engagement herself more than thirty days
prior to the wedding date. Any time after that, and she'll be financially
responsible for expenses rendered unless he's caught in violation of the
betrothal… cheating or assault are the most common examples."

"What if he's caught cheating or assaults her before she's emancipated?"

He thought he (or rather the twins) might be able to set something up to that
effect if necessary, preferably the cheating over the assault.

"Entirely up to Malfoy Sr., unless it is proven that she is in imminent danger
from her fiancée and he demonstrates reckless disregard for this fact. That's
hard to prove unless Crouch leaves evidence. He has a reputation for violence,
but since he's never been convicted so I doubt he's that careless. Still
something to keep in mind, however."

"And the fourth option?"

"Well… honestly, the fourth option is the riskiest, and I wouldn't even
suggest it except the situation already seems… dire," Kyle said, looking
vaguely disturbed. "According to wizarding law, a marriage requires a magical
ritual to establish the union as legitimate so both parties and a licensed
marriage practitioner, usually the priest, has to be present. If she's not at
the ceremony, she can't legally be married in absentee."

Well, that was definitely a noteworthy option, despite what Kyle seemed to
think. Not exactly subtle, but they weren't Slytherins. They could live with
that.

"So what's the problem there?" he asked.

"For one, she'll have a lot of very angry people after her. Running away would
be an insult not only to Crouch and all his relatives, but the Malfoys as
well. She's already betrothed, so that's a contract unto itself, meaning she
could potentially be sued or even jailed for fraud, especially if it's obvious
she ran off against her family patriarch's will. Then there is the simple fact
that if she is caught, she could still be forced to marry Crouch anyway if he
doesn't call it off. The only way Hermione could win in this scenario is if
she disappeared completely and forever. Or was pardoned by Lord Voldemort, of
course. I suppose that actually makes him a fifth option. He can do pretty
much anything he damn well pleases, including call off the marriage."

"I tried that already," he admitted. "He won't interfere with Malfoy's
*familial* affairs, but he promised not to get in my way either."

Kyle just blinked at him.

"I am trying to imagine all these conversations you have with that man, and I
just… can't. It's like trying to imagine a conversation between Jesus and
Merlin."

"That's probably sacrilegious in at least a dozen different religions so I
think you should stop now."

"Stopping."

Robert returned shortly after, grumbling that Wizarding Weekly hadn't been the
since their London office shut down, and they continued their visit on a much
more congenial note. Soon, however, they both had to head home to the girls,
and after setting up a day for Harry to come and visit them, they parted ways.
It was still a few hours before eight, so Harry walked the surrounding fields
of the village, thinking of what Kyle had told him, about his godfathers and
the animagus lessons, and about his latest battle of wits and wills with
Snape.

When it was finally time to head home, he had thought all he wanted to about
those issues and moved on to others, like what if anything he should do with
his growing celebrity status, the next Dueling competition in Kent, the war,
and what Voldemort was doing at the moment.

---

There was no parade or cheers from an adoring crowd to greet Tom as he stepped
off the train and on to the platform, but he nevertheless felt triumphant in
his return to England. Bristol was transformed from a minor wizarding city
into a military metropolis, witches and wizards were the picture of
industrious dignity, moving purposefully through the streets in immaculate
uniforms and stern expressions. Even those personnel who were obviously on
break, maintained an air of pride and grace that the uniform commanded.

It was certainly an improvement over the frontlines, where you were lucky if
you had the time to change your uniform after a week let alone get it cleaned,
and everyone was running and shouting at one another in semi-hysterical
military precision. Most of his squad was still back in Chemnitz, brutally
wiping out resistance and restoring the city with a veneer of order. He had
been the first commander to reopen the local schools as a tactical maneuver,
and the resulting decrease in local resistance had pushed the name 'Stratus'
through the ranks.

Which was why he was back in England, preparing to participate in the campaign
to retake London and thoroughly humiliate the Italians in the process. He
suspected he would thoroughly enjoy himself.

Headquarters was a hive of activity as Intelligence officers, aids,
administrators, bureaucrats, and soldiers gathered, sorted, and moved
information and orders through the military chain of command and back again in
the daily shuffle of war behind the battle lines. He made it a point not to
duck and dodge everyone else, but forced them to move around him, to
acknowledge him, to remember him even if it was only as an obstacle.

Recognition was the lynchpin of ambition after all.

He made his way to the top floor without asking for direction, stopping only
where security check points demanded, until he found himself in a small lounge
with the military aid sitting behind the desk and screening incoming
documents. The aid acknowledged him with a curt salute, and tossed a red
marble and a green and white marble into what looked like a fish bowl. The red
marble turned orange and the other black.

"It should only be about ten minutes," the aid said politely, and then
hurriedly when back to work. Sure enough, ten minutes later, a Sentinel
marched out of the office with an expression that promised murder and went
straight passed him and into the hall. The aid didn't even look up. "He'll see
you now."

Now came the important part. He could impress the peons and pawns all he
liked, but if he could not impress this wizard he wasn't going to be able to
move his plans forward within the time frame he had set. He spared a glance
over his robe, making sure it was spotless and the medals were all perfectly
aligned. Straightening, he marched straight into the office and up to the desk
of the man whose command he would be 'serving' under directly for the duration
of the London operation.

He saluted the man smartly.

"General Malfoy, Commander Stratus reporting for duty, sir."

---

"Ugh! That just makes me want to *scream!*"

"I think you already are, luv. People are starting to stare," Clyde warned
Natalie, gesturing for her to quiet down. Indeed, the entire book store seemed
to be turned to their little group, practically leaning in to catch what they
were saying.

"That's just because Harry's here." She wrapped an arm around the Gryffidnor's
shoulder, and turned gestured to the occupants of the store. "This one's ours,
get your own!"

"Natalie! Honestly!" Hermione protested, but Harry was already laughing. A
year ago this might have had him ducking his head in embarrassment, but his
confidence had grown considerably. He supposed after fighting and winning an
entire battle almost completely on his own, a little public scrutiny wasn't
anything to be nervous about. Draco on the other hand was trying to hide
behind his sister from the brazenness that was Natalie.

"Don't *honestly* me, Hermione. I'm not doing anything shameful. It's your
foster parents who should be ashamed. This whole marriage business. I mean
you're not even graduated yet and they want you going off to pop out some kids
with a guy whose like what… twenty, twenty-five years older than you? It's
completely disgusting, and don't you dare try to defend them, Draco. You'll be
barfing slugs for a month!"

Wisely, the Malfoy heir shut his mouth, and pretended to go back to scanning
the shelves for his books and Ginny bit her lip to keep from laughing. It was
late July now, earlier than they usually went school shopping, but Snape had
warned them that school supplies were going to be harder to come by with the
major printing presses in London having shut down and basic potion supplies
being snatched up by charities and hospitals. Ginny's mother visited several
different markets across England to sell her farm's produce and knew where
they could find just about anything.

They had been to Oxford, Kent, and Dragons Bow (a wizarding village in
Southern Scotland) under the watchful eye of Kingsley, whose rather
conspicuous uniform served to keep the overly curious away as well as the
potentially dangerous. At the moment, the Sentinel was at the front of the
store scanning the street for potential danger, and not paying much attention
to them. Harry, for one, was very glad for the man's presence, because if it
wasn't him then one of their parents would have had to escort them and more
than likely would have paid closer attention to what they were doing rather
than what everyone else was.

"I agree with you," Hermione sighed, "You know I do, and I'm not going to take
it lying down." She shook her head. "If I could just make Narcissa understand
that… I don't know. Maybe it wouldn't even make a difference, but I'd feel
better if she did. I honestly thinks she believes this is all for the best."

Ginny patted her on the shoulder comfortingly. "I know. Moms can be really
weird like that. They love you, but they don't really understand you most of
the time."

"Well, maybe if you all weren't so half-assed about it, she'd take you
seriously," Natalie said, unsympathetic. "If fact, I think we should make it
clear tonight exactly how much you're against this wedding. Do it right, and
Crouch might just call it off himself."

Immediately, she had all of their attention. Hermione, ever pragmatic, threw
up a small silencing charm so no one else around them could hear their
conversation, even Kingsley who had actually glanced over at them.

"What did you have in mind?" he asked.

"My first suggestion is that Hermione get a lover." Once everyone looked
suitably scandalized by the suggestion, she offered her real suggestion. "But
since you're a prude, I think a sullied reputation will work just as well.
I'll help. It'll be fun!"

She looked disturbingly pleased with the idea. She was the only one. Harry,
however, was used to her quirky humor and her subtle mind and decided to hear
her out.

"And what would this involve exactly?"

Seeing she had at least one bite, she grinned. "It's simple. We'll all go out
to a bar or some clubs or some kickass party, get down with our bad selves,
take some incriminating photos of Hermione, send them off to Crouch
*anonymously*, and *snap* he'll call of the wedding himself. Works every
time."

"Every time?" Hermione asked, skeptical.

"Alright, it worked for mummy. And that girl in *The Witching Hour*, although
she technically didn't-"

"Okay."

They all turned to Hermione. Her expression was fierce, resolved, and perhaps
even a little bit excited.

"I doubt it will work," she said, "But I'm willing to try. Even if it fails,
at least Narcissa will know I'm being serious."

Natalie actually clapped and threw her arms around Hermione, perhaps the very
first genuine and enthusiastically friendly gesture she had ever given the
other girl in their lives. No one else looked as certain, but Harry thought as
far as scheming went this was fairly tame. Like Hermione, he didn't think it
would work either, not with Lucius holding that lawsuit over Crouch's head,
but that didn't mean they couldn't aggravate their enemies and have a little
fun in the mean time.

"I'm in. Someone has to watch your backs if we're going to do this."

"Very true," Natalie said, looking pointedly at Draco. "We're going to need
protection. Unless you think you're not up to it?"

Immediately, the young Malfoy's uncertainty transformed into haughtiness.

"I'm game, if you are. Yeilson bragged himself blue in the face last year
about these supposed 'raves' he snuck into. If that simpleton can manage it,
I'm certain we can exceed at it."

Natalie was practically vibrating with maniacal glee. She turned to Ginny and
Clyde, and lifted a single brow as if in challenge. Clyde looked more than
eager, but their redheaded friend didn't look so enthused.

"My mum would kill me…" she said.

"Of course she would," Natalie agreed, "*If* she found out. Which is why
you're going to tell her you're spending the night at my house. Which you are,
since we'll both probably be too drunk too."

"Oh my god, we're *drinking*?"

"Absolutely! We're all going to crazy town! Aren't we, Harry?"

He grinned.

"I've partied with werewolves. I don't know if wizards could come up with
anything to compare."

"I'll take that as a challenge!"

They hurried through the rest of their shopping, conspiring on their plans for
that night. Ginny had rather reluctantly been pulled in, but when Harry
offered her an out, she stubbornly refused. This was, after all, an adventure
that they were all sharing together and she wanted to be a part of that. Harry
too wanted a bit of adventure… the *normal* kind that teenagers were supposed
to have, and if that involved a little rebellion against Snape's Gestapo
routine then all the better.

They each separated and returned home to make their subsequent stories to
their parents and guardians, each explaining they were going to spend the
night at a friend's (thank Merlin Snape was in his lab and Harry only had to
lie to Ira or else the whole plan would have been over before it began).
Kingsley had already left, but since he had said he was flooing directly to
Clyde's house, there hadn't really been any need for an escort, and after
grabbing a few things to make his ruse convincing he left without obstacle. He
met up with everyone at Natalie's, the last to arrive.

"Alright," Natalie began, addressing everyone now gathered in her living room.
It was a far cry from what Harry was expecting, having become used to
Natalie's complete ease in the most luxuriant of environments, but the
eclectic collection of Bohemian art and exotic furniture was somehow
indescribably Natalie, mysterious, colorful, and bold. "My mums are off on a
couples retreat for the weekend, so we won't be bothered. My friend Mary is
part of band and knows *all* the best party scenes and she's going to show us
the ropes in exchange for free cover charge and drinks. You all remembered
your dosh?"

They all nodded, except for Ginny who looked rather embarrassed. Harry leaned
in next to her.

"Don't worry about it. I need some new clothes, so we'll call this an advance,
okay?"

She sighed in relief and nodded. He wasn't lying, he did want her to make him
some more clothes, but even if he hadn't he would have covered for her. While
he was by no means rich, he was making an adult's salary as an ambassador and
with neither rent or food expenses he had plenty to spare.

"Good," their host continued. "She'll be here in a few minutes. We'll pick out
where we want to go first, then we'll get some clothes, come back here to get
ready, then head out. When we're done, we'll all crash here. Any questions?"

Everyone had a hundred questions, but they had to wait for Mary to answer
them. Mary was a twenty year old university student, taking the summer off to
tour with her band *Baskerville* *Coven*, to raise money for refugees in
Ireland, and had met Natalie while volunteering at Dunnan Hill. They had hit
it off immediately, and kept in touch.

"Hey, lil' sista," Mary greeted, hugging the smaller blond, careful not to get
her any of her dozen rings or over sized hoop earrings stuck in her hair. She
was like no one Harry had ever seen, with luscious violet robes cut above her
knees and leather boots that laced up even higher than that. Her black and
violet streaked hair was a study in designed chaos, spiked into tuffs that
flew in every direction and yet somehow remained aesthetically appealing. When
she smiled at all of them, her top lip black and the bottom a wine red, she
radiated dark sexuality. "So this is them. I've got my work cut out for me
then, but I think I can swing it…"

"Don't let the little school boy and school girl expressions fool you. They're
a wild bunch," Natalie assured.

Mary's eyes quickly settled on Harry. She smirked. He smirked back.

"I bet."

---

"Stop fidgeting, you look great!" Harry laughed as Ginny tried to pull her
skirt down another inch for the thousandth time.

"My mom is going to send me to a convent if she find out about this!" she
whined, her cherry painted lips sticking out in a pout. He just grinned and
stuck his arm around her shoulder. She turned bright red at his closeness, but
*did* stop fidgeting. It was nine and just entering true night, the air still
warm and inviting, and Harry couldn't deny he was feeling good. For the first
time in a month, Hermione was laughing and smiling, and everyone was giddy as
they had been for their first day at Hogwarts.

Only sexier.

Yes, there was definitely a air of sexual confidence about them that wasn't
present in their eleven year old selves. Harry blamed it on the leather, which
Mary had insured there was copious amounts of, and the firm press of it
against the contours of their bodies. He had in fact, worn leather
occasionally at the werewolf colony, but out in the 'civilized' world it felt
like the mark of a predator. Certainly, they didn't look or feel like 'school
boys and school girls'.

"You all look great!" Mary assured them, "But remember it's not just about
looks. It's about attitude. You got to think *and* act like you belong here.
It don't matter if you're twelve, twenty-one, or two-hundred and one, if you
got the confidence then you're in. Got that?"

"Loud and clear, luv," Draco drawled in an accent no one had *ever* heard him
use, with a wicked grin to match. It startled a laugh right out of Natalie and
Hermione.

"Yes, yes! Just like that! Alright, the club is just around the corner. Get
your game faces on, and what ever you do, don't look desperate. Blood in the
water, it is."

"I think I'm going to vomit," Ginny muttered under breath.

"Well, at least you don't look desperate, except perhaps to get away," he
offered as they brought up the back of their party. Immediately upon turning
the corner, they found the line to their club,* Djinn*, and it stretched back
for almost another block. A large crowd of young witches and wizards idled on
the sidewalk, smoking cigarettes and making conversation. Harry immediately
felt his enthusiasm wane. Lines were the very opposite of fun in his opinion.

"Don't fret, I know the bouncer," Mary assured them, "But I'm still going to
need your help, Harry, Draco."

The two boys glanced at each other uncertainly, but she had quickly grabbed
hold of both their sleeves and dragged straight to the entrance, earning her
some very nasty looks from those still waiting. There were two bouncers at the
door, one of them a large man who reminded Harry a bit of Kingsley only not as
smart and a smaller, shrewd man with lazy dark eyes.

"Looky, looky what I brought you Johnny-boy! The finest young meat in Britain,
and as fresh as it comes!" Mary said, wrapping her arms around either boy's
necks and grinning like a loon. The shrewd man, 'Johnny-boy', took a step
closer.

"Well, if it ain't Contrary Mary, herself. What you on about? Ain't these boys
a bit young…." his admonishment trailed off as he got a better look at them.
Draco managed to collect himself enough to smirk coolly back him. Harry just
stared back evenly, somewhat warily. "…Aren't these…"

"Yep. Celebrity status a solid 9.8 between the two of them. And they're both
single."

The man seemed to consider for a moment, and Harry was certain they were going
to be turned away. If they were recognized, then it should have been obvious
that they were way too young to there. Surprisingly, however, Johnny-boy
simply nodded and gestured to the large bouncer to let them inside.

"Alright, haul your asses in here. Your drinks are free if you stay for more
than two hours. I'll let the boss know you're here," he said.

Mary waved to the others to follow and together they hurried on inside to a
dark hallway. Harry shook his head.

"What just happened?" he asked.

"Oh, luv, you're so naïve it's adorable," she laughed and kissed him on the
cheek. "*That* was good advertising. The heir of General Malfoy and the
infamous Harold James Potter? You're both bloody famous! Of course they're
going to let you and the entourage in."

"Entourage, eh?" Clyde said, not sounding particularly impressed with the
position, but wasn't given time to complain as they reached the end of the
hallway and set of large wooden doors opened.

Harry had never been in a wizarding dance club before, and part of him had
always assumed it would be something like those clubs he saw on television
when he was young; dark and seedy with scantily clad girls, a bar, and really
loud music. About the only think he had right was the really loud music.
*Djinn* was like walking into a Persian palace built into a fairy hill, a mix
of the most beautiful of both words, the familiar and the alien.

Chandeliers hung from the ceiling, containing not candles but brilliant
bouquets of glowing yellow and white flowers interspersed with Chinese lamps.
White tigers roamed between the tapestries of ancient forests and distant
mountains, startling white peacocks into the upper balcony. Incense pots had
been lit, and in the fragrant haze of smoke, figures danced in time to the
throbbing beat of drums, guitars, and violins.

Along the walls were the large branches of trees growing straight from the
carpet, piled with pillows and cushions for witches and wizards to lounge upon
and tiny one legged tables stood holding their drinks in strangely shaped
glasses and little bowls of alcohol soaked pieces of fruit. At the center, the
crowds danced to the music, alone, in pairs, in groups, however, they wanted
and with whomever they wanted. There was kissing and touching and flirting,
entire conversation spoken in the language of the body. All of it in the warm,
ambient glow of the flowering chandeliers.

For several long moments, all they could do was stare.

"We're definitely going to have get ourselves some drinks first!" Mary said
knowingly, taking in their rather flabbergasted expressions. "Come on,
ducklings!"

They found themselves a booth of tree limbs and had barely sat down for a
moment when a waitress, dressed entirely in gold from her skimpy robes to her
lipstick, presented them with a round of drinks in dark blue glasses shaped
like sea shells.

"Compliments of the owner," she tittered, and scampered away with a
flirtatious wink. Natalie just rolled her eyes at her, and picked up a blue
glass.

"To your night of rebellion," she toasted, and tossed it back. Her eyes shut
tight for a moment and she gave a little shiver. "Ooohhh… you have to try
that."

With a bit more caution, they did. At first it burned like acid, but a moment
later it was as cold and refreshing as a snow fed stream. Harry could feel the
magic buzz sliding down his thrown and into his stomach were it settled into a
calming pool. He definitely liked it.

For the first hour all they did was drink and laugh and try to get each other
to finally brave the dance floor. The little glasses appeared and disappeared,
always in different colors and shapes and always with something different.
Harry settled into something a little stronger Mary called a Dragon's Bite,
that quickly burned away the happy like pool from his first shot, while
everyone else tried a variety of the smaller mixed drinks. Ginny, in
particular, seemed to taken a shine to the fruity drinks and her earlier
anxiety had soon melted away.

The resulting conversations were hilarious, or at least they certainly seemed
that way to them.

"You're a god damn cunt, Natalie," Ginny accused, pointing her find at Clyde,
who just laughed and pushed her finger over enough so that it was actually
pointing at the right person. Natalie joined the game and moved her finger so
it was pointing at Draco.

"Do you even know what that means?" Hermione asked, least drunk of them all
but still tipsy enough not to be as scandalized as she normally would.

"Yes," she said resolutely, then frowned. "No. Yes…"

"Well, as long as you're sure," Harry said, and then slowly got to his feet.

"Where are you going?" Natalie whined.

"I…" he paused to let the moment of disorientation pass, "… am going to go
dance. You're all welcome to join me… except for Clyde. He dances like a
troll."

"Hey!"

He wandered away onto the dance floor and into a crowd, his body falling into
the rhythm of the music. Dancing here was not unlike the dancing done at the
werewolf colony, close and intimate and frenzied, more about energy than
finesse. He wasn't in the group for long before he found himself pulled away
by a giggling brunette, several years older than him.

"Are you *really* Harold Potter?" she asked, her dancing slightly off kilter
form his own. "I wouldn't have figured you for a dancer. You always look so
*serious*."

He just smiled, and when she put her hands on his shoulders he put his hands
on her hips and just *went with it*. And before he knew it they were pulled
apart and he found himself dancing with another girl, this one dark skinned
with eyes like a wild cat. After that, he lost track. Sometimes he was dancing
with one girl, sometimes with two, sometimes he wasn't sure his partner was a
girl at all, and other times he found himself moving through the crowd looking
for someone specific. All around him he could feel the magic of the crowd
thrumming in time with the band, and that mixed with the alcohol left him
feeling like he was caught in the mad throws of the full moon.

Mary was right. It was all about confidence, and he had hunted among those
infinitely more savage and dangerous.

Eventually, he happened upon Ginny dancing with a group of girls, her flaming
orange hair flying this way and that as she swung her head to the music. He
pulled her away for a private dance, and she wrapped her arms around him and
laughed.

"This is great! I'm never going to a convent."

"Of course not! You're going to grow up to take the fashion world my storm and
go to wild parties every night!"

"Damn straight!"

Natalie found him next, slinking up to him and pulling him away from a curly
haired blond with all the skill of a hunting panther. She didn't bother
speaking, just kept him close so that he could feel the heat of her straight
through his clothes. For almost half and hour they remained close, and no
attempt to pull them apart succeeded, until they were both sweaty and
breathing hard and decided to stop and get something to drink. They returned
to their table where Clyde and Draco who now entertaining three girls he
didn't recognize and Mary was touching up Ginny's makeup.

"Hey, where's Hermione?" he asked, forgoing his spicy Dragon's Bite for Mary's
cool mint Leprechaun.

"Easy, luv!" she laughed and pointed out to the dance floor. "Princess finally
found her dancing legs."

Sure enough, Hermione was dancing… sort of. She was clearly very drunk, and
happy to be that way thank you very much, and flailing around the dance floor
with a rather bemused wizard in lime green. Natalie was practically crying she
laughed so hard, and dug around her pockets.

"Oh, oh, I have to get a picture of this!"

"Weren't you supposed to do that anyway?"

"Oh yeah, I forgot about that. Oops."

He rolled his eyes. Frankly, he didn't think a picture of Hermione at the
moment would be very incriminating. Embarrassing yes, but hardly evidence of
licentious behavior. That was okay, though. They had all night.

Or rather they would have, if the balcony doors hadn't swung wide to reveal a
dozen Sentinels.

"This is a Court ordered-"

What ever it was, Court ordered or not, Harry never got to hear because
suddenly the club broke out into screams.

"IT'S THE UNCLES*!"

The music died and suddenly people were running. Harry froze, faced with a
moment of displacement to another time and place. It was only for a moment,
and then Natalie was grabbing him and shaking him hard.

"Snap out of it, Harry! We've got to get out of here! If we're arrested for
underage drinking we'll be expelled!" she snapped at him, pulling him towards
where the rest of people were attempting to escape. He pulled back suddenly,
grabbing her arm and taking her in the opposite direction, his mind racing.

"Not that way. We'd never make it," he said. "Where's Hermione?"

"Draco's handling her."

"Okay. Where's Mary?"

"Here! Shit! They're coming."

"Where's the kitchen?" he asked.

"What?"

"There has to be a kitchen, a service entrance, *something* the employees use.
Where is it?"

"There's one under the balcony and behind the stage."

"Perfect, come on! Don't run, just walk, eyes down."

It was one of the hardest things Harry had ever done, not drawing his wand.
The Sentinels had started throwing out Stunning Hexes at the crowd that was
trampling itself in an attempt to squeeze hundreds of bodies through one small
door, and his hands itched to throw back a curse or two that would *really*
make a difference. But this wasn't a battlefield, this was just Sentinels
doing their job and Harry and his friends acting stupidly and getting on the
wrong side of it. He held onto Natalie and Ginny's hands tightly, forcing them
not to bolt, even though he could feel their desperate need to escape but
knowing sudden movement would attract fire from above. Draco had found
Hermione, who was looking dazed and frightened. One of her shoes was missing
and he had to half carry her. The Malfoy heir locked eyes with Harry long
enough to for him to point out their escape route. The only thing keeping him
from running was Hermione, who obviously couldn't.

Finally, they slipped into the Sentinel's blind spot underneath the balcony
and sped up into a brightly lit kitchen. It was completely empty, the service
staff having wisely fled, if they could just figure out where.

"Shit, what now?" Draco swore, Hermione still clinging to him tightly.

"*Excludo hostis!*" Harry shouted at the door, locking it and hopefully buying
them some time. "Now we get out of here. Mary, where's the exit?"

"I don't know!" she shouted, her entire body shaking with nerves. "I don't
know if there's even one back here!"

"There has to be. They have to take out the trash and they're not going to
drag it through the entire club to do it. Look for-"

"Found it!" Clyde shouted, appearing from seemingly no where and pointing.
"Hurry up!"

"Don't run out yet, there could be Sentinels out there!" he warned, even as he
herded everyone after him. Behind him, he could hear banging on the door. He
cursed under his breath. Clyde hadn't listened to his advice and ran straight
into the alleyway, and everyone panicked and followed after including Harry
himself, who threw up another spell to seal the door behind them.

The alley was empty. They were lucky or the Sentinels were not very bright or
both. They hurried as fast as they could down the back and out into the
neighboring street. Here there were several restaurants but only the pubs were
still open. With no where to go, they simply kept moving, trying to look
simultaneously inconspicuous and still move as quickly as possible and failed
at both. Ginny cried softly, drunk and thoroughly frightened. Harry stuck his
arm around her and held her tight.

He wasn't scared. Far from it.

He was angry. Angry Natalie for her idea. Angry at Hermione for agreeing.
Angry at Mary for picking the wrong club on the wrong night. Angry at the
Sentinels for ruining everything. Mostly, however, he was angry at himself for
not realizing how stupid they were all behaving and how much trouble they
could have been in.

They hadn't gotten far, however, when Hermione suddenly started to laugh. It
started softly at first, nothing more than a little giggle, but soon enough
she was laughing loud and hard, almost hysterical.

"Shit, Hermione, be quiet!" Draco hissed, looking around desperately for any
sign of danger. She wouldn't stop though, and if anything she only got louder.
Then Natalie started in, quieter, but just persistent. Moments later, so was
Clyde, although he tried to hide it. Draco looked to Harry, desperately, but
he was as lost as the other. Mary turned to them, grinning, and pointed to a
pub with red shutters and a Chudley Champions emblem hanging in the wind.

"Come on, let's duck in here for a while. Ben'll let us sit in the back for a
while."

Draco looked at her as if she'd spouted a second head.

"Are you kidding? After what just happened at the last booze joint you brought
us to?"

"Would you prefer to wait out here for the next patrolling officer? Cause I
warn you they come by here every thirty minutes or so, and we're not exactly
the sort they let by without a second glance."

Mary's friend Ben did let them in and sat them in a quiet corner booth, but
refused to serve them anything other than butter beer, water, or lemonade.
This suited Harry just fine, because he was in survival mode at the moment and
not 'lets be stupid and have fun' mode. Ginny had settled down and remained
tucked safely under his arm, staring morosely into a glass of water.

"It *was* fun while it lasted," she said, softly. Hermione choked on a laugh
and fought it back down; knowing if she started it would be hard to stop
again. Natalie grinned.

"It was. A little bit more exciting than I had anticipated, but… yeah.
Overall, I think it was a raving success. Thanks in large part to our two
rather sour looking heroes. Lighten up, boys, you saved the damsels-  
"Hey! I found the exit!" Clyde protested. "And I'm not a damsel."

"-and we all had a great time there for a while. Don't say you didn't."

Mary clapped Natalie on the back.

"Girl after my own heart. Sorry about all of that nonsense with Sentinels.
*Djinn* doesn't usually have to worry about that sort of thing, but they *do*
have a reputation for letting minors in sometimes and… well… other stuff. The
local Court has to keep up appearances by hosing down the club every once in a
while. Just a bit of bad luck it was tonight, is all."

Harry disagreed. They had been lucky. Very, *very* lucky and that was it. It
could have easily gone the other way. They could have been caught by the
Sentinels. Hermione or anyone else for that matter could have been trampled by
the panicking crowd. He could have gotten too drunk and had a psychotic
episode in the middle of all that screaming and running. If Natalie hadn't
snapped him out of it, he could have-

But Hermione was smiling. Hermione who was always so serious and pragmatic and
insightful was giggling into her butter beer, looking happier than he had ever
seen before or after the betrothal. It occurred to him that he didn't
understand Hermione as well as he thought he did. He had always simply assumed
she was just naturally driven and thoughtful, but what if that wasn't the
case? What if she was that way because she felt she *needed* to be?

Lucius Malfoy terrified her, her foster mother treated her like a well loved
poodle, and she was surrounded at all times by pureblood men and women who did
and likely always would look down on her for being a muggleborn. He could
never doubt her intelligence, that wasn't something a person could fake (at
least not for very long), but the rest of it…? Growing up on the defensive at
all times, constantly fearing that somehow she would prove everyone right
about muggleborns, about her…

Merlin, he couldn't even imagine growing up like that. It would be a nerve-
wracking nightmare.

Which was perhaps why she could laugh now, after behaving as she had never
dared to before. Abandoning the caging pretense of sophisticated young lady in
one of the most respected families in Britain, if only for one night, to just
be a silly teenager must have been an incredible relief.

So, even though he didn't feel particularly happy, he managed to bury his
anger and fear and smile for her.

---

It was ten in the morning, when Harry stumbled into the cottage, hung over and
cursing the already sweltering summer heat. His head throbbed with every step
he took and his stomach rolled as if filled with bile. These things he
expected, but not the dry, wrung out feeling that left him feeling skeletal
even if he didn't look it. In any event, he had been banking on Snape being
suitably distracted in his lab this late in the morning and hoping Ira would
assume he'd just stayed up late (or perhaps wouldn't mention his condition to
her husband if he appeared suitably contrite).

Which meant he was in no way prepared when his guardian glared death at him
the moment he walked in the door.

"I see you enjoyed yourself in the usual reckless manner adolescents prefer.
Is it too much to hope that you didn't set something on fire in your
inebriated state? It's rather more cliché than I had come to expect of you."

Harry bit back a snappish remark, and immediately went to the cupboard for
some tea. He wouldn't put it passed Snape to make the duration of his hangover
both longer and more miserable.

"No, there was no fire involved. I met some people when I went shopping and
they invited me to a party. I'd drunk a little before… as you well know, but…
it got a little out of hand."

As he predicted, his guardian looked neither impressed or like he believed
him.

"*Magnus salvus*."

The kitchen was suddenly filled with a riot of banging and crashing and
shrieking and whistling; all of it slamming into his brain like nails and a
hammer. He doubled over and fell to his knees, covering his ears desperately
with both hands and still trying to keep his balance as he dry heaved onto the
floor.

"Stop, god and Merlin, stop!"

With a flick of Snape's wand, the quiet once again descended, leaving Harry
shaking on the floor.

"Are you ready to tell me the truth now?"

Frankly, he wasn't. If he told him the truth he would have to tell him about
the others, and while he was rather frightened of what would happen if the man
found out his godchildren had been involved, he was even more worried about
Natalie, Ginny, and Clyde who did not have the sort of protection that would
keep them from getting expelled if Hogwart's headmaster discovered what they
had been doing.

"Why do you even care?" he grumbled instead. "I'm not dead or injured, so
you're off the hook."

"Don't be a jackass, Potter. You are not an adult, despite what you've
convinced yourself, and your lack of good judgment reflects it. I give you
rules for your own benefit-"

"The hell you do! Every thing you've ever done for me was either because you
had to or because you got something out of it. You're my guardian, not my
father. You *suck* at 'for your own good'," he snarled, frustration and
physical agony lacing every word with poison.

Snape was momentarily stunned by his outburst, as much by what was said as how
it was said, and didn't recover until Harry was already halfway to his room.
Flustered, he barely managed a retort.

"You're grounded till you're dead!"

Somewhere upstairs a door slammed shut.

"Little prick. If only you knew *exactly* what I've done for you," he
muttered, and tried to figure out what to do with himself. He hadn't been down
to the lab that morning, and frankly he didn't feel like brewing after his run
in with his wayward charge. Good God, if this was Potter's 'rebellious phase',
he didn't think he or the cottage would survive it for another month. He
already knew the young man was hiding things from him. His collection of
books, while impressive, seemed somehow incomplete in the study, and Harry's
frequent sojourn's to town made him suspect he was hiding things either there
in the surrounding countryside. Much of his copious free time was spent in his
room studying and drinking tea, and yet he was always evasive about what
exactly he had been studying when either he or Ira asked. Additionally, his
silence in regards to Hermione's betrothal was suspicious all its own.

If Harry were any other wayward teen he would have legilimens him for answers
and doled out a suitable punishment, likely involving something tedious and
necessary that he didn't feel like doing himself. Punishment was still an
option. Legilimens was not. He had grown too powerful for him to risk it.

And frankly, he wasn't sure if he wanted to know.

What if Harry was already starting to plot against the Dark Lord? Was he
witnessing the seed of the boy's rebellion or were his own fears clouding his
judgment?

"Are you done shouting at each other already?"

Snape gave a violent start.

"Woman!" he snapped in annoyance, but Ira just smiled knowingly and sat across
the table from him.

"So he wasn't at Clyde's house?"

"Who knows? He might have been, and they both managed to scrounge up a bottle
of something. Or the Weasley twins might have been involved. Honestly, he
could have been up to anything. All I could determine was that he was
extremely hung over, before he flounced out of here like a drama queen."

"No doubt he went to lick his wounds. You're painfully direct with your
accusations, dear. The Noise Charm was a bit cruel."

He didn't like her coming to Harry's defense, particularly since Snape felt as
if he was wronged party in this instance.

"He lied to me, straight to my face, and he lied to you yesterday, as well. He
deserved more than just a headache."

"Can you blame him?" she asked.

"Well, obviously, I can," he said shortly. She just smiled at his
defensiveness.

"I'm not saying what he did was okay, and yes, he deserves to be grounded, but
you can hardly blame him for his reaction. You have a very nasty habit of
treating him like an adult and then punishing him like a child whenever it's
most convenient."

He almost protested. Almost. Before he could even mount a plausible defense
against the gentle accusation, he realized it was true. He *did* treat Harry
like an adult and then like a child. Everybody did. He had adult jobs, he
fought adult battles, and had very adult interests in magic, the war, and
werewolf politics and no one who knew him seemed to find this particularly
strange until something went wrong or he failed in someway to meet
expectations. Then they stopped treating him like an adult and resorted to
scolding and disciplining or coddling him like a child. It was hypocritical
and wishy-washy, and he despised the notion that he had been playing into it
like everyone else.

But honestly, what else could be done?

For all his maturity, Harry wasn't an adult. He didn't have the necessary
experiences nor was he allowed many of the necessary mistakes that he needed
to take of himself. He was floundering towards adulthood, and didn't trust
anyone (not unreasonable) to guide him due to the bizarre circumstances that
defined his life that no one except perhaps the Dark Lord could relate to in
any way.

It made Harry frustrating for him to deal with, and he doubted the boy enjoyed
it any more than he did.

"I don't know what to do with him. I'm responsible for him, but he doesn't
trust me," he finally said, more than a little resentful at being made to say
it. Ira nodded, sympathetically.

"I know. I wondered how to treat him too, at first. It's too late to treat him
like a child though. He's too old, and would resent it. I found treating him
like a roommate in a dormitory works best for me. We respect each other's
privacy, but we still talk and help each other out in the more neutral areas
of the house, like the kitchen or the garden."

"He lied to you too," he pointed out. "And I have no intention of living in a
dormitory. Especially, when he doesn't even pay rent."

"I think he lied because he cares what I think of him and he didn't want me to
be ashamed of him. That, and he didn't want me to tattle to you. Otherwise,
he's always been very polite and respectful, and not because you've threatened
him to be. Anyway, I don't expect you to treat him the same way. I think you
have to find something that works naturally for the both of you. Believe it or
not, he's closer to you than he is to me. In fact, you might be the person
he's closest to in the entire world*."

That was perhaps the most ludicrous and vaguely terrifying thing a woman had
ever uttered to him. Her obvious amusement at his stricken expression did not
help matters. She stood up from the table and kissed him on the cheek.

"Food for thought. Remember to stop by the school sometime today and pick up
your paperwork. We have our appointment with Healer Jacobi this Saturday, and
you won't have time to do it this weekend. If you go now, I'll have lunch
ready for you by the time you get back."

He nodded, distractedly. He liked it better when he was only concerned his
ward was plotting treason.

---

McGunny scanned his notes, debating whether he should file them under the
chapter for the 'courtship behavior' or for the 'diet' of dragons. Perhaps he
should put it under courtship and leave a note to reference diet for more
information. Or perhaps the other way around.

After trying to muddle through to the most logical solution, he decided to
take a break and come back to it after lunch. He stood up from the heavy
wooden table, and started rummaging through Hagrid's cupboards for some
cooking oil to fry up some vegetables and some left over lamb from last night.
It was almost one now and his friend still had not returned, which meant he
had likely forgotten about eating lunch again and he should go out to the
rookery to feed him.

He was just finishing dicing up some eggplant, when a knock at the door drew
his attention. Underneath the table, Fang lifted his monstrous head and let
out a booming bark. Blizzard fluttered around in the rafters, startled out of
its resting place, before settling again, looking rather annoyed and
indignant. Quite an achievement since paper did not ruffle nearly as well as
feathers did.

"Come in," he called, and a moment later, a young man with brilliant orange
hair strode in wearing a plucky grin. Fang lumbered over him, and the man
rubbed the mastiff's* head with a familiar affection. McGunny relaxed. No
stranger would have been at ease with a giant of dog like Fang, no matter that
he was really just a big teddy bear.

"Eh, lad, he's got you doing the cooking now?"

"You ever tried to eat what *he* cooks?" McGunny remarked, and then paused,
frowning a bit. "I'm sorry, but I forgot your name again. It begins with a
'W', does it?"

"Charlie Weasley. And don't worry about it; it'll stick one of these days.
How's the book coming?"

"Steadily. Hagrid's been busy with the new hatchlings, so I haven't had a lot
of time to review my research with him." He paused, looking down at his
cutting board and quickly browning eggplant slices. "What was I doing again?"

"I think you were making lunch. Don't ask me what exactly. Mum never cooked an
eggplant in her life," Charlie said easily, keeping his tone light. It was
important not to react negatively around McGunny. He was sensitive and even
the slightest rebuke tended to send him into a fit of nerves. After a brief
investigation around the kitchen, the confused young man seemed to remember or
at least figured out what he had been doing and lit the stove with a match.

He didn't have a wand, which was perhaps one of the few things he had in
common with Hagrid, and it definitely simplified their living arrangement.
Charlie had known his large friend had a soft spot for strays, but he hadn't
known that extended to people too. Hagrid didn't tell him where or how he had
picked the forgetful fellow up, but it wasn't hard to figure out when they had
come to his door one night with the little origami bird and McGunny crying to
'make it better'. He wasn't a bad guy as he figured it, really almost as
gentle as Hagrid, he was just really confused a lot of the time because of the
memory thing.

Hagrid said things were so bad in York, he didn't want to take the young man
back until it had calmed down enough where he knew he would be properly taken
care of. That had been two weeks ago, and what ever memory affliction he had
seemed to have spread to the half giant, because he still hadn't taken him in.
When Charlie finally confronted him about it, he simply said that 'Horace'
liked it better with Hagrid than at the hospital and that he had been steadily
improving. He was even helping Hagrid write a book on caring for dragons, and
they were both very excited about it.

After that, there really wasn't any talking to the man about it. He was
certain the hospital was making his new friend sicker, and what he needed more
than anything was a peaceful place to rest and something interesting to do to
exercise his mind and his memory, which was gradually improving, albeit in
bits and pieces. His attempts at multitasking were a completely different
matter.

"Would you like some lunch too?" he asked, looking up from the prying pan.

"No thanks, I've already eaten. I just wanted to check to see how you two were
doing. Remember anything important lately?"

McGunny paused to consider for a moment, then blinked.

"What was I doing again?"

"Frying vegetables," Charlie offered helpfully.

"And what's your name again?"

He sighed. It might be doing McGunny some good living with Hagrid, but he
couldn't help but wonder how long it would be before a moment of distraction
eventually resulted in his guest burning down his hutt.

~ Author's Notes~

'Uncles' is a nickname for Sentinels. Like 'cops' or 'the fuzz'.

Please don't rant at me about Voldemort being the person Harry's closest to in
the entire world. Believe me, no one knows this better than me, I wrote their
relationship for Pete's sake. This is just Ira's impression, and honestly,
it's not that unreasonable. Snape has been with Harry since he first
discovered he was a wizard and has practically raised him since then, albeit
in a rather cool and calculated way. He's saved Harry's life on multiple
occasions, given him meaningful advice, known and followed him through many of
his adventures, and even shared a home with him. Their relationship isn't
typical or easy, often it's antagonistic but they still have a strong bond
that neither is entirely comfortable admitting to. Ira, who lives with them
and observes the subtle fondness in their unique dynamic, can see it more
readily than most. Voldemort, however, just freaks her out and Harry's
relationship with him is just baffling (and probably unhealthy).

Factoid. Fang is called a boarhound in the HP books, which is not a true breed
but a term often used for Great Danes, but sometimes other large hunting
breeds, including the Neopolitan Mastiff, which is the breed used in the HP
movies.
