# Chapter 118

For three days the Snape household was a place of silence. Snape sequestered
himself in his lab, hardly unusual, and Harry hid in his room, also fairly
common. Mealtimes, however, normally a time of congenial mocking that passed
as conversation, now consisted of the clinking of dinnerware and the scrape of
chair legs against the floor. The two male residents said not a word, nor did
they look at each other, or acknowledge each other in any way except when
Harry collected the dishes after dinner, long after the elder wizard had left
for his study or the lab.

Ira held her peace through all of this, smiling in amusement at their childish
behavior. She didn't try to make conversation with either of them, but her
cheery disposition seemed to make them both all the more sullen.

The fourth day started a pessimistically as the other three, but Snape came up
from the lab early and found Harry making tea… with basil of all things. He
couldn't let it go without comment.

"I think you've confused tea with soup, Mr. Potter."

The Gryffindor stiffened at the jibe.

"I'm experimenting. It's actually quite good when I get the right combination,
which is more than I can say for potions."

"I'll have you know there are several potions that taste quite good. Most of
them are poisons, however, so I would thank you not to become too familiar
with them. Besides, the purpose of potions is decidedly different than tea."

"I don't know. Different types of teas aren't unlike potions. They have their
own sort of magic."

Snape watched him for several seconds, as he carefully measured out tea
leaves, seasoning, dried flower petals, and sugar on the little kitchen scale
with all the precision he had seen in his potion's class. Harry's strange
hobby suddenly took on a new perspective.

"I trust this isn't your latest attempt at pharmacology?"

Harry gave him an annoyed look.

"Shall I start an inventory of the ingredients I use? Just so you have an idea
of what kind of mischief I'm getting into?"

Touché.

"As long as it doesn't involve my potion's cabinet, or my liquor cabinet for
that matter, I am willing to overlook it."

Harry snorted. "As if you don't add a little nip now and then."

"Only when you drive me to it, Mr. Potter," he said, grabbing a wine glass
from cabinet and headed for the study.

And with that, the universe fell into alignment, and Harry and Snape resumed
their relationship as verbal antagonists when dinner rolled around. Ira said
nothing of the sudden renewal of conversation at the kitchen table, but she
bit her lip several times throughout the meal to keep herself from giggling.

"This is truly ghastly," the potions master said, glaring down into his tea
cup and then at Harry.

"No one asked you to try it," the young man replied, and pointed took a sip
from his cup. His cheek twitched a bit, but he managed not to grimace. It
really was awful tea. Not that he would admit it to Snape. The taste wasn't
the purpose of it in any event. He had made a great deal of progress over the
last week in narrowing down his animagus form, and with any luck this last cup
meant he would be able to actually start learning to transmogrify with Sirius
when he visited for the weekend. Also something he didn't want Snape finding
out about.

"Did Ron Weasley ever write back to you?" he asked, changing the subject. "We
have a tournament on Thursday, and its bad form for the vice captain to miss
*three* in a row."

Snape looked mildly irritated. He too, was growing impatient with the duelist
irresponsible behavior.

"No, but I informed him if he did not attend or at least provide a valid
excuse for his absence, he would be cut from the team. His behavior sets an
unacceptable precedent. You seem to be holding things together well enough in
his absence."

Harry snorted.

"Sure, for as long as I'm allowed to come. Mr. Flintus on the gaming board has
been receiving complaint letters about me participating. Parents think I'm too
advanced a duelist to participate on an amateur level."

"Imagine that," the man said, vaguely amused.

"I get the part with me not participating in the duels themselves, but I don't
see were they can tell me not to help the other duelists with training and
advising. They don't have the right to bar me from the sport altogether.
Merlin, I miss Quidditch. No one gave me nearly this much grief."

"Memory of a goldfish," Snape muttered under his breath. "Lucius wished to
have a meeting with you some time next week about a PR campaign. It'll keep
until Wednesday, at least. The Dark Lord is still in France, so I recommend
playing nice."

---

Saturday afternoon found Harry sequestered in Sirius' hut, pouring over animal
encyclopedias to narrow down his selection of animagus forms. Or at least
that's what he *should* have been doing. The fact of the matter was, however,
his mind was flitting between a half dozen other things.

Lucius had apparently gotten bored of waiting for his answer or perhaps he had
discovered something of Hermione's night of rebellion, and was now going to
demand Harry make a decision. His first and strongest impulse was to refuse an
alliance. It made him feel anxious and unclean to even wonder what such
relationship would entail and what it would ultimately lead him to
surrendering.

But the more time that passed, the more anxious he became about the
consequences of refusing. What if Hermione was unable to escape her marriage
to Crouch? What if Lucius decided to punish Harry's defiance by harming those
he cared about? The Reichers? His school friends? Maybe even Snape and Ira,
although he couldn't be certain.

He wasn't as worried about himself. Voldemort's favor afforded him a certain
level of protection, but even that had its limitations. The Dark Lord was a
powerful guardian, but he wasn't an indulgent one. He had proven he would
allow Harry to flap in the wind for a while before coming to rescue him if he
thought he could get away with it. Normally, this worked to Harry's favor, as
he preferred getting himself out of his own messes and leaving himself
beholden to no one afterwards.

That was fine. He could handle that. It was everyone else that he was worried
about. The best way to resolve the situation was to get Hermione out of her
betrothal without any hint that he had been involved, directly or otherwise.
Perhaps he could make a deal with Crouch, but seeing as he didn't know the man
he didn't know what to offer or if it would be any better than a deal with
Lucius. Plus, even if that marriage got called off, there was no know that the
Malfoy patriarch wouldn't throw his foster daughter at some other maniacal
Pureblood asshole. Hermione's emancipation was the best bet, but it was time
sensitive and risky if word leaked back to Lucius, and didn't get her
completely out of danger. He didn't doubt the dark wizard wouldn't want his
revenge for being thwarted by a couple of adolescents.

His musing were knocked from his mind by a slap to the back of the head.

"Ow! What was that for?" he protested, ducking away from his irritated
godfather.

"Have you been listening to a thing I've said or have I been talking to myself
like an ass for the last fifteen minutes?" Sirius snarled.

Outside, Harry could imagine the guards cringing as their Head Alpha's
irritated tone reached them. The day was muggy and gray, with storm clouds
threatening to open at any moment, adding to the tense atmosphere. It was a
well known 'fact' that Blackbone and his godson had a falling out, that the
former shaman's defiant attitude grated on the alpha's nerves. Harry and his
godfathers were careful to foster this illusion, and they were so successful
that the other residences of Goddess Clan gossiped about it constantly. The
young wizard couldn't walk a hundred paces without three or four men or women
offering him a comforting pat on the back or a scolding to be more respectful.

"Sorry," he grumbled, rubbing his head. "I'm just a little distracted. Some
stuff happened since we last talked."

Sirius' annoyed expression melted into honest curiosity.

"Like what?"

"Maybe we should wait for Remus so I can tell you both…"

"He won't be back until evening meal, and you're just wasting time until you
at least vent. Come on, I'll tell him when he gets back if I can't help you
sort it out."

Harry hesitated. He loved Sirius, he really did, but delicate and subtle were
not his forte. Then again, this might be one of those circumstances where his
godfather's forthrightness was what was called for.

"Alright, so it's like this…"

Despite how complicated it seemed to Harry, it only took him about ten minutes
to explain the situation to Sirius, who listened intently, neither asking
questions nor making comments. When Harry was done speaking, his godfather
remained silent and considered for several minutes.

"Send her to France."

Harry just looked at him.

"Um…okay. Maybe. That's sort of a last resort, but if we have to…"

Sirius shook his head.

"It's your only viable option. If Malfoy can't win this little game he's got
going, he'll make sure the both of you can't either. Meaning, he'll marry her
off or he'll kill her. You need to move her off the board altogether, and then
start playing offensively."

"If she runs, she'll always be running."

"She'll only be running until Lucius is dead. If she's lucky he'll get his
comeuppance soon enough."

"And if she's not?"

"What has she got to lose? Nothing you weren't willing to, when you escaped to
Germany."

Harry shifted uncomfortably at the reminder of his time in Germany. It had all
been so confusing and lonely and frightening, and he could not see himself
knowingly sending Hermione to that same fate. Sirius could tell the idea
disturbed Harry, so he revised his plan a bit.

"If you don't want to hide her, then move her to France legitimately. Get her
emancipated, and have her legally transfer to Beauxbaton's. You are good
friends with Delacour, who has an in with both the school and Queen Ophelia.
If you can convince the queen to put her under her personal protection, the
Dark Lord will prevent Lucius from doing anything to her that would jeopardize
their diplomatic relations."

Harry ran the idea over in his head, looking at it from several different
angles. He saw a lot of potential. Outside of Britain and under Queen
Ophelia's patronage (if he could actually swing it), Hermione might not have
Malfoy's vast resources but she would have the connections she needed to make
a life for herself that she could be proud of, and Lucius would have no way to
retaliate. She would be safe. She could be happy.

"Sirius, that's very politically savvy of you."

The alpha just rolled his eyes.

"No need to get insulting."

"I'll have to run it by Hermione at the next time I see her, and see how she's
coming along with that whole emancipation thing. Maybe, I can even get Snape
in on this…no, probably not. I want him to have plausible deniability…"

"Why?" he asked, sounding genuinely confused on why that would be important.
Harry tossed him an annoyed look.

"Despite being a general prick, he *has* been a good guardian and saved my
life a couple of times, so I owe him that much consideration at least.
Besides, I like Ira, and don't want to see her dragged into this if it can be
avoided."

"Which you might not be able to do. You're going to need an adult to make some
of these arrangements. One you can trust not to rat you out to Lucius… which
now that I think about, is just another reason not to tell him. The buggers
were tight as thieves last I checked. I don't suppose you know anyone willing
to run your errands? Discreetly?"

Harry thought for a moment. He couldn't involve anyone particularly close to
him. His teachers, the twins, the Reichers, Snape, Voldemort… all of them had
conflicting interests or vulnerabilities. Otherwise, he didn't know of any
adult who had the resources or the trust necessary for… wait a minute.

"I think I know just the person."

"Great, now stick your nose back in the book and don't pull it out again until
you know which one you want to be."

---

Tom strived to keep his face blank as he handed off the latest reports to
General Malfoy. Even with a face a bland as Lt. Stratus', he was hard pressed
not to smirk as evidence of his handiwork had finally started to manifest
itself. The blond wizard didn't bother looking from his paperwork, hardly
uncommon, but where normally this would have been a sign he didn't acknowledge
his visitor as important, he was muttering out loud rather vicious things that
suggested he didn't even realize he had an audience. In one hand he held a
quill and in the other his forehead, massaging gently to relieve some sort of
headache that had been bothering him for at least a week.

Nothing overt. Nothing anyone couldn't or wouldn't attribute to perfectly
innocent sources. Stress, no doubt. The result of too little sleep, too much
work, a poor diet, and a great deal of responsibility during highly volatile
times. Lord Voldemort was finishing his treaty in France, leaving his general
to hold down the fort while he carried out a political seduction on the
opposite side of the channel. In addition to coordinating his own troops and
their foreign allies in Germany, he was also busy organizing the operation to
oust the Italians from London, something Tom was eagerly assisting him in.

No one suspected anything.

In this instance, it helped that Lucius was such a heartless, temperamental
bastard. Everyone who *did* notice that their head general seemed to be unwell
refrained from commenting or else was viciously rebuffed. The dark wizard
hadn't been home in a week due to his busy schedule. No one was there to
notice him getting sicker and sicker.

At least, no one who cared enough to do something about it.

Which was why he was now enjoying the angry mutterings of a man, slowly but
surely, going insane.

"Bloody Italians couldn't leave well enough alone… had to bring God and garlic
bread and their stupid haircuts into London. Take their damnable Hail Maries
and drown themselves, the lot of them. Should have sent the dementors to wipe
the whole place instead of just leaving them to make fishing lousy in the
Northern channel. But does he think of that? No, he's too busy humping that
French whale. Come back and play house with that Potter wretch… son of a
mudblooded whore and that man-bitch Black. God, what's the matter with this
country?"

*Don't worry, Lucius, I'll fix it up for you*, Tom thought. *Too bad you won't be around to enjoy it.*

And he did intend to sort out this nightmarish mess the Dark Lord had been
creating over the last several years. The werewolves had been given entirely
too much independence, the Italians should never have been allowed to enter
England, and their relationship with France was that of a lovesick panderer
rather than an equal… no… superior, and this nonsense with Harry... Merlin,
the boy was growing into something truly magnificent, but he was being handled
far too carelessly. When he took his rightful place, he would ensure his dear
friend received the proper education, respect, and protection that he
deserved.

And have that interfering fool Snape and his entire family torn to pieces and
fed to pigs. And possibly that stupid Hermione girl. Or maybe he could
convince Lucius to kill her. It shouldn't be hard, not if his current string
of murderous ramblings was anything to go by. Two birds with one stone.

The time for his own ascension was drawing nearer as Malfoy slowly succumbed
to the toxic magic woven into the paper reports he handed to the man everyday,
multiple times a day. Individual papers held too little to set off the dark
arts sensing wards, already set high due to Lucius' naturally dark signature,
but over time they were successfully being absorbed a little bit at a time.

Tom knew he should be thanking someone. It was all far too convenient to be
the turn of an ambiguous fortune. His too easily acquired position in such
close and consistent contact with his target, the ease of slipping the cursed
papers into one of the most heavily fortified buildings in the world, his
target's distraction, the absence of the Dark Lord or anyone else who might
take note of Lucius' condition… too many ways that it all could have gone
wrong, too many contingencies he had not been forced to engage. He could feel
the pull of another's interference. A curse on a much older, much more
powerful scale than modern wizards practiced today.

*I wonder if Harry might not have a grudge against General Malfoy,* Tom mused, finally slipping out of the office. It would be rather amusing and ironically appropriate if his friend weren't helping him yet again to reach his goals without even realizing it

---

"Maybe we should wait another day or two," Ira said, fidgeting with her
wedding ring. Her husband's potion lab was dark and cool, but she could feel
herself sweating from nerves. Beside her, Severus looked as calm and collected
as always. No, he looked even *more* collected, which was a dead give away
that he was anxious too.

"This potion is very accurate to within thirty-six hours of conception.
There's no point in waiting. We can retest in a week if it would make you feel
better, but I would like to know as soon as possible."

"If I am… you know… will it be able to tell if it's a girl or a boy?"

Severus smiled very faintly.

"That is a different potion that requires forty-two days after conception to
be accurate. You'll be able to cling to your anticipation for a bit longer, as
you seem to enjoy it."

"I'm nervous. Can you blame me? Healer Jacobi said our chances were just a
little above half…"

"You're right," Severus suddenly agreed, setting the last ingredient- an eye
dropper of Ira's blood- back into its little storage wrack. "We should wait
until we're both calm. You're much too excitable right now. It can't be good
for you."

She looked startled, her eyes flickering to the cauldron, the eye dropper, and
her husband in quick succession. Then again. And again.

"I'm better now."

He smirked. Her eyes narrowed.

"This is because I teased you about Harry, isn't it?"

"Not at all, I'm merely concerned over your wellbeing."

"And I am concerned over your wellbeing as well… if you don't finish the
potion in the next five seconds."

"Then for the sake of our mutual wellbeing," he agreed, and added the two
drops of blood to the potion.

They both leaned over the cauldron, and held their breath. The red droplets
gradually dissolved into the shimmering grey solution, before suddenly turning
black, then a transparent dark purple. Ira looked to her husband hopefully. He
continued to stare at the potion intently until it finally changed to clear
dark red.

He looked up.

He smiled.

---

The Dark Lord was in a rare good mood when he returned to Bristol. Not that
the war really put him in a particularly bad mood, but the victories were
rarely meaningful enough for him to feel truly satisfied. This was one of
those rare occasions. He had his treaty with France, at last, and the support
of the local parliament. He would need both to secure his foothold on the
mainland, and more importantly if he ever wanted to be acknowledged as a royal
sovereign in Europe.

It didn't hurt that the sex was fantastic.

If he did land himself in Unholy Matrimony with her Majesty, he entertained
the notion of *not* killing her for at least a few decades.

Well, no need to commit to a plan of action just yet. Wedding bells were a
long ways off if they ever happened, and he had more immediate concerns.
Soldiers and aides saluted and got out of his way as he passed, a few of the
more bold tossing out a compliment over his success in France, as he made his
way to his private office. He listened with half an ear as one of his personal
aides gave him a run down of what had happened in the last two weeks and what
needed his attention.

The London operation was progressing according to plan, with minor skirmishes
along the edge of the city used to lull the Italians into a attitude of
overconfidence while their positions within in the city were being ascertained
for true attack. Morgan had unearthed a plot by German spies to assassinate
him that weekend, and wanted to know if they should be executed immediately or
put on public trial. That might actually be a bit of fun. Ireland was
complaining of food shortages in the North, and Scotland was complaining about
the dementors off the coast. A riot had broken out in Summerset, Wales,
possibly due to political unrest but more likely due to a canceled Quidditch
match. Oh, and Headmaster Snape had sent him an invitation for a little get
together that Wednesday.

He took the invitation from his aid and reviewed it personally; quite curious
as to what would inspire an avid recluse like his surly potions master to host
a soiree. His new wife's idea, perhaps?

He looked at the small mountain of missives piled on his desk and the aid's
appointment book peppered with meetings and conferences, and calculated his
choices. There was no particular reason for him to be social while in the
middle of several delicate military operations, but at the same time he did
want to speak with both the new Headmaster of Hogwarts and his young protégé
for personal and professional reasons. He could do that at a later time in
private, however, when it was more convenient. Chances are he had been invited
as a courtesy rather than with the expectation of actually appearing.

He sorted through more of his mail to get a better idea of what needed his
personal attention and what could be given to someone else, when he came
across a short memo from a Lt. Stratus. The name was vaguely familiar,
although he couldn't say why, and he scanned the contents then frowned. The
memo was painfully formal and correct, but the essence of the message was
vaguely seditious or perhaps that was just his inner Slytherin talking. Lt.
Stratus was expressing some vague concern over General Malfoy's health. These
sorts of letters were fairly common, and usually indicative of officer
attempting to gain favor by undermining a superior. However, the memo gave no
indication that Malfoy's work or judgment had suffered any, and the lieutenant
was too far down in rank to benefit directly from undermining a general.
Perhaps this was a legitimate concern?

Unlikely, but it would only take a few minutes to confirm one way or another.

Lucius' office occupied the neighboring wing across from his own, and he was
strolling through his door within moments of passing through his own.

"Knock damn you, can't-!" the office's occupantl snarled at the unexpected
interruption, then abruptly broke off when he saw who had disturbed him. "My
Lord, I-I'm sorry. I wasn't expecting you so soon."

"It's fine, Lucius. I would be quite irate if some rank soldier strutted into
my office unannounced, as well," he said, dismissively, eyeing the wizard
critically. The general's face was pale and swallow, his eyes deeply shadowed.
He looked tired and thin, and stressed. Lucius hadn't exactly been bright and
shinning when he left, but clearly things had deteriorated far quicker than he
had anticipated.

At least it didn't appear to have gotten too severe. A few days of rest or at
least of lighter duties would likely do him a world of good.

"You look terrible, my friend. Have you been sleeping alright?"

The man waved the question away, as if insignificant.

"I'm fine. I heard things went well in France."

"Yes. We'll be able to start moving into their fortresses along the border
within the week. I've assigned Sharpe to hand it."

"My Lord, I am-"

"You're over extended enough as it is. Don't tell me you've forgotten how to
delegate since I left?"

Lucius started at him witlessly. That was mildly concerning.

"You really do look awful. I'm ordering you to take a few days off. Finish
what you need to and hand the rest to someone else to do."

"My Lord, London-" he protested.

"Won't be ready for a final attack until at least Saturday. Let the other
officers handle the scuffles in the mean time. I mean it, Lucius. I want you
out of here by 7:00pm tonight and not to comeback until 7:00am on Thursday.
Get some sleep, eat a full meal, make love to your wife. Oh, and come to
Severus' house on Wednesday night. Drinking his brandy always puts you in a
congenial mood."

"My Lord-"

"That's an order, General," the Dark Lord threw over his shoulder as he made
his way back to his office, shutting the door on any protests the other might
have made. The man would thank him later. Honestly, he thought he knew better
than to run himself ragged. He wasn't a young man anymore, and should
understand the value of pacing oneself.

Good deed done for the decade, he entertained the notion of heading to the
aviary and tormenting Bobby for a while. The raven had to be terribly bored at
this point. While busy weighing the pros and cons of procrastinating on his
reports, he passed a soldier in the hall who stopped and saluted him. There
was nothing remarkable about the man, but something about him suddenly made
him stop and turn to him.

A glance at his uniform revealed the wizard to be a decorated lieutenant, and
none other than the questionable Stratus who had alerted him to his general's
fatigue. After a second, it clicked. He had awarded this man a medal at some
point. The second siege of Berlin if he remembered correctly.

He mentally shrugged off the sense of familiarity and moved on without
comment. He'd send a memo commending him for bringing the matter to his
attention. There was no point in creating a sense of personal interest in the
hallway for such a trivial matter.

As he turned a corner, as if on instinct, he tilted his head to catch one more
glance of the soldier, but the hall was already empty.

---

For a 'small gathering', Harry didn't much see the purpose in dressing up,
especially when he knew everyone there, but Snape had insisted and he didn't
feel like disrupting their current peace over something so trivial. Didn't
mean he was going to pretend he *liked* it though.

"Will you stop fiddling with your collar? It's not choking you," Hermione
scolded gently. Harry, Draco, and she were loitering in the hall for as long
as possible. Once they went to the parlor the 'children should be seen and not
heard' stigma would rear its ugly head and they'd have to sit around and be
bored while the adults made conversation.

"It itches. Silk always feels itchy to me when it's warm," he whined. He
glanced over his shoulder, and into the parlor to make sure no one was paying
them any attention. Malfoy Sr. seemed to be suffering from a headache;
effectively distracting him from what otherwise might have seemed highly
suspicious. Snape and Ira were acting like newly weds again, paying little
mind to anything but each other, and Narcissa and Susan were gossiping with
them about something. The only one who seemed to notice them at all was
Morgan, but then very little escaped his notice.

"Let's go to the study," he suggested. "I think one or two more people should
be showing up, so we won't have to hang around until then."

"What is this all about, anyway? Uncle Severus never hosts parties," Draco
asked, as they entered the sheltered seclusion of Snape's private office. He
took the chair behind the desk, while Hermione claimed the one nearest the
Southern window. Harry remained standing, pacing slowly around the room.

"He's making some sort of announcement."

"About what?"

"They haven't told me, but I can make a few guesses. Never mind that, I wanted
to talk to you both about the emancipation. Are you making any progress?"

Hermione let out an irritated sigh.

"I've got the paperwork just fine, but I haven't had a lot of luck finding a
sponsor. I don't even know where to start."

"Not that it would matter anyway, since administration is so far backed up I'd
be a legal adult before she ever got approval," Draco sneered in disgust.

"That might be a good thing. Doesn't a betrothal contract need to be
approved?"

"Father pushed that through weeks ago. It's not that these things aren't
getting done; it's just there's a lot of backlog and confusion since they
evacuated London. Higher ups get precedent. Anyway, we need to time this just
right or father will hear about it and find some way to throw a wrench in the
works."

Harry nodded.

"I think I know someone who can help. Did I ever tell you about Skeeter?"

Both of them gave each other a confused look.

"The reporter?" asked Hermione.

"Yes, her. Anyway, she might have some connections we need to push the
paperwork through. She's a big shot reporter, she's got to have friends in the
Court and she might know someone willing to stick it to Lucius by sponsoring
Hermione."

"Are you mad?" Draco all but shouted at him. "She's a reporter! She'll
*report* this! It'll be a circus!"

Harry waved him off.

"Don't worry about it. I've got something on her. She won't dare say anything
or else I'll air her own dirty secret."

"What? When did this happen?"

"A tale for another time. I don't know when we're going to have to go back to
the parlor, so I want to run this by you first."

He told them about what he had discussed with Sirius that weekend with the
possibility of Hermione moving to France to finish her education and find a
career. Draco didn't like it. The idea of his sister being so far away and
fleeing the country like those British refugees in the last war did was in no
way appealing. Harry suspected he didn't understand or just couldn't accept
the level of danger his father represented, and was becoming very cross with
his denial but kept his voice down incase someone came to check on them.

Hermione didn't say anything. She sat in her chair, hands in her lap, and face
pinched in intense concentration. She was considering it, but there was no way
of telling if she would jump on the idea or dismiss it. Draco could see she
was thinking about it and tried to convince her it was a bad idea, but they
were interrupted before he could get very far. The door to the study opened.

"Harry, dear?" Susan queried, as she poked her head inside. When she saw them
there, she smiled. "Oh, good, you're here. Lord Voldemort and Miss Victoria
have arrived. You all need to come to the parlor now."

She hurried all off to join the party, and they all moved to follow with a bit
more reluctance. Draco was the first out the door and threw back, "It's a
stupid idea."

Yes, well, he wasn't the one who got to decide that. He turned to his friend
who still held her considering expression.

"Hermione?"

"I don't know, Harry. A part of me is screaming 'yes', but it's so loud I
can't think. It just seems too good to be true. I can't plan my life around a
daydream."

"But you can plan to live a happy life," he insisted. Her eyes widened, part
wonder and part fear, at the possibilities she had never dared entertain.
"Just think about it. You don't need to decide right this minute. We can talk
about it more, later."

They had no choice but to talk about it later, because they had reached the
parlor. They were a rather motley party. A Dark Lord, a pureblood Aristocrat
and family, their defiant muggleborn foster child, a master sentinel, a
housewife, a headmaster, an entomologist, a squib servant (except he rather
suspected Vicky wasn't really), and himself. The interactions weren't
altogether smooth or easy. Vicky hugged him rather audaciously, and Harry was
surprised Lady Malfoy didn't faint on the spot. Hermione was maintaining her
distance from General Malfoy and as a result was stuck on the otherside of
Voldemort, who couldn't seem to figure out what she was doing there, and Susan
was puttering around Draco like he were four years old and the cutest thing in
the world. Despite the seriousness of the conversation he had just been having
only a minute before, he was struggling not to laugh.

Unfortunately, Snape had far less tolerance for his guests' absurdity and drew
their attention after only a few minutes of their social floundering.

"If I might have your attention for a moment, please. I have an announcement
to make," the dark man said, drawing their attention. He placed his hand on
Ira's shoulder, and she smiled up at him encouragingly. "I am not generally a
social individual."

There were a few tittering laughs at this confession.

"I generally find social gatherings tedious and frivolous. However, I… *we*
find ourselves the recipients of unusually good fortune, which we wish to
share with those whom we are closest to. Ira and I are going to have a child."

Susan cry of absolute delight probably woke babies in the neighboring village,
and she rushed to envelop her daughter in a hug before anyone else had managed
to absorb the news. After a moment, the shock wore off, and the soon-to-be
parents became the recipients of a volley of congratulations and questions and
parental advice.

Harry stood on the outside of it, uncertain. He had suspected all along that
this was what they had been so excited about. Although they never talked about
it in front of him, he knew Ira had been going to a healer routinely for
several weeks now, and since she always seemed cheerful after these visits he
knew she wasn't sick. To have it all confirmed, however, left him somewhat
disoriented.

There was going to be a baby in the house. Snape and Ira's baby.

The idea left him uneasy, and he couldn't think why. It wasn't jealousy. He
had never had that sort of relationship with either of them, and honestly, he
would only be around the baby for a summer before he finished school and
started making his own way in the world, out from under Snape's domineering
glower.

It might even be fun to have a baby in the house. He liked kids. At least, he
liked Morgana and Alyssa, and this shouldn't be too terribly different, right?

He wasn't so sure. He managed a smile for Ira, and a half joke about knowing
all along, but spent the evening on the sidelines of the conversation, trying
to sort out his own feelings. It wasn't until Lucius suddenly stormed out of
the room that he realized he hadn't been following along with what was
happening. He turned to listen to the angry tread of the man's retreat and
flinched when the door suddenly slammed. Looking back to the gathered crowds,
he could see everyone looking either confused or else angry. Among the angry
was Snape, which did not bode well for the rest of the evening.

"I'm sorry, Severus," Narcissa apologized. "He's been short tempered for weeks
now. Migraines."

Snape smiled tightly at her, but did not pursue the matter and after a few
awkward starts the conversation resumed. Harry looked to Hermione, whose
unforgiving glare was still transfixed on where her foster father had just
exited. He would have to ask her what had happened later then. While it was
sort of selfish to think it, if Lucius and Snape's relationship was already
souring, he might be able to enlist the man's help with Hermione after all.

An hour passed, and eventually the men grew tired of baby talk and moved on to
other things. Voldemort was curious as to what Snape's short and long term
plans for Hogwarts were and encouraged him to be ambitious, even during these
financially tight times. Everyone was curious about Voldemort's work in France
and his plans now that he had secured an alliance with such a powerful nation.
Morgan was not much of a conversationalist, but he did manage to carry on
fairly interesting discussion about an upcoming trial against a crew of German
assassins.

Harry still didn't have much to say, his mind was too full with too many
things, and he allowed Draco to handle most of the talking when it came to
their impression of children's lives during this time of war. Draco's life was
a bit more sheltered than most, but he managed to convey the sense of self-
determination that seemed to permeate their generation that even Harry had
been conscious of. They were all anxious about fighting and attacks, but they
were ready to do what they needed to for their country and were certain of
their eventual victory. Perhaps they were both a bit optimistic, given that a
majority of their experience with other young people involved dueling club or
their own houses, all of which were known for having competitive go-getters to
begin with. Their replies seemed to confirm what the other men already knew,
but were nevertheless pleased to hear.

Eventually, the evening began to wind down. The Morgans and Narcissa left.
Victoria helped Ira take the wine and liquor glasses to the kitchen. Snape
took his godchildren to his study to talk with them in private. And Harry
found himself sitting alone with Voldemort.

"You've been unusually quiet this evening," the Dark Lord commented. Harry
smiled sheepishly at him.

"Sorry. I have a lot on my mind."

"Were you surprised about the baby?"

"Not really," he said, but didn't elaborate. He didn't know if he could
without rambling nonsensically.

"Any progress with your friend's betrothal?"

"I… yes. I think we've established that she's going to be emancipated. There
are some problems with getting a sponsor and pushing the paperwork through. I
don't suppose you know any heavy hitters willing to take a poke at Lucius by
helping me out?"

Voldemort smirked.

"None that wouldn't turn the entire thing into a media circus. It only
benefits them if they use it to publically humiliate Lucius. Something I am
not entirely sure I would approve of. He is the lead commander of my armies
after all."

"Could you at least push the paperwork through?"

"No, that would be direct interference."

Harry gave an irritated huff.

"Can I at least use your name to push the paperwork through?"

Voldemort grinned.

"Now you're catching on. You could do so, but only at your own risk. I would
deny any involvement if asked to verify the request. Besides, why would you
need my name? Your own should suffice."

"I don't want Lucius to be able to blame me for this. I'd prefer it appear
that Hermione got herself out of this mess all by herself."

"Self preservation? Harry, I never thought I'd live to see the day."

"Hey! I'm plenty self-preserved… er…or something. Although, that's not what I
meant. I can handle Lucius one-on-one, but he's threatened people I know and I
don't know if I can protect them, so yeah… I'd rather he have a singular
target that had nothing to do with me or mine."

"And Hermione does not fall under this category?"

"If she accepts my plan, I'm hoping I'll have her moved from out of his shadow
of influence forever."

Voldemort considered his words, staring at him thoughtfully.

"Very ambitious, the best sort of plan. Care to elaborate?"

"Care to push through the paperwork?"

"Are you trying to bargain with me?"

"I'm fairly certain 'James' means 'ambitious' somewhere."

"It does not, you little wretch. Forget it. Surprise me. It should be fun. Any
other requests I can preemptively shoot down?"

Harry glared at him. "You're a lot more fun when I'm crazy, you know that?"

"It works both ways, my friend."

"I'd like to visit Queen Ophelia."

Now that did take Voldemort off guard. He quickly tried to analyze the
feasibility of such a request, and what such a visit might pertain to.

"Another part of your plot?"

"Maybe, maybe not. I have other things going on besides my personal campaign
against the blond menace."

That was very true. He knew Harry was still visiting his godfathers, and that
he was still maintaining at least some of his duties to Blackbone. A
friendship with France assured the continued expansion of his werewolf
colonies both within and outside of Britain, and Harry still played an
important role there. The attack in Berlin by the rebellious werewolves had
shaken the public confidence of the French, and only Harry's popularity and
loyalty to his cause kept the colonization programs from being disbanded in
parliament. Whether it was simply to maintain his reputation or a new program
he wanted to run by the queen on Blackbone's behalf, it was to his benefit to
visit every so often. Truthfully, it benefitted Voldemort, as well, since
Harry's good reputation tended to lend itself to the Dark Lord, at least to a
certain extent. His personal rescue of Harry from the Berlin Underground had
done wonders for improving their opinion of him there.

Or perhaps it was something less political. Harry had friends in France,
including the queen herself, Miss Delacour, and probably few others he wasn't
aware of. Snape had just returned from there, and it wasn't completely without
reason that Harry might be a bit jealous about the vacation.

Honestly, when it came to Harry, it was probably something he couldn't even
think of.

"... Oh, and can I wander around Ireland aimlessly for a week or so without
supervision?" Harry tossed in.

"What?"

"Just thought I'd ask. You know, make the first request seem more reasonable.
Although, if you want to go for the second one, there are some things I wanted
to do there."

"I'm sure the fairies would be more than welcoming," he pointed out. "If you
want to go to France in some official capacity, I can arrange it, but if this
is something more personal there will be time constraints."

"Oh… well, I guess it's personal, so what are the constraints?"

"The queen is a very busy woman. She only schedules a few days out of every
month to entertain socially. Additionally, school starts in another four and
half weeks, and I have no intention of pulling you from your studies, so it
will have to be on either a weekend or holiday. Then of course, you'll need an
appropriate guardian."

"Would you like to come to France with me?"

"While I am charmed that I would be the first person to pop into your head, I
too have my own time constraints that are not so easily foreseen this far in
advance. It is still a possibility. Then, of course, you would have to
convince your guardian."

Harry grimaced, but nodded. If things were going badly with Lucius, Snape
might very happily assist him in his plan to go France. Assuming he wasn't too
busy running the school or preparing for the new baby. Ugh.

"Do you still want to try it?"

"Yes. I should make time to visit her anyway, even if I didn't have another
reason. I can probably get Snape to agree."

"Very well, it might be a month or two before something can be arranged. Even
her Highnesses social calendar is quite full."

Harry nodded.

"Thank you."

"Hhmm… consider it your birthday present… somewhat delayed."

He managed a smile at that. "It's the thought the counts, you know."

The Dark Lord rolled his eyes.

"What a perfectly muggle notion."

---

"Here ye, here ye. I declare this the second annual meeting of the Anti-
Betrothal Society. Has the president made any progress with the current
project?"

"Do shut up, Natalie," Hermione groused, flicking a chocolate frog leg at her.
The other girl simply caught it in midflight popped it into her mouth, smiling
smugly. Harry, Draco, Clyde, Ginny, Natalie, and Hermione, co-conspirators
all, had not seen each other for several weeks since the brief get together on
his birthday, which had been more of a planning session than an actual
celebration, but they were definitely making headway.

Hermione had decided to give Sirius' idea a try, and agreed studying abroad
would probably be the best thing. Draco was still adamantly against the idea
of her being so far away, especially in a time of war where no one would be
able to help her or even know if something had happened to her and he was not
at all happy with Harry for giving her the idea in the first place. She wasn't
going to change her mind now that she had made a decision, and he was left to
sulk over the matter and make a general pessimistic nuisance of himself.

Meanwhile, Natalie had been looking for sponsors for Hermione through the
rather long list of feminist friends her mothers knew, hoping to find someone
genuinely sympathetic to the girl's situation rather than hoping to take
advantage of it.

"Honestly, is that anyway to treat a friend? I've spent a great deal of my own
time working to fix *your *problem, I hope you know." All she received for her
effort was an impatient glare. "Alright, fine! I think I've found three likely
candidates," she explained. "All from well established families with big
hearts and bigger bank accounts. John Carrobs lost two daughters during the
war and has had a soft spot for muggleborn girls ever since. Lots of
scholarships and job placements, that sort of thing. Delamora Flitch, tried
for killing her husband in '68, but got off on self defense. Remarried in '73,
widowed in '89, and likes to spend her time raising rare birds and promoting
divorce. Charming woman. And finally, my personal favorite, Andoria Smythe,
sued her father for child abuse when she was seventeen, won, and used the
money to start several women run music stores."

"Where do you meet these people?" Draco wondered.

"Outside the manor grounds, darling. You should try wandering around a bit for
something other than shopping."

"Enough," Harry interceded, before they started bickering. "Those all sound
promising. I'll contact Skeeter to make sure there's nothing that isn't going
to come up and bite us in the ass, and then have her look into pushing the
paperwork through discretely. I've got an invite to attend a masquerade in
Paris in mid October. That should give us eight months to work it all out or
come up with a new plan."

"This is so exciting. I hope they make a play about it one day."

"Well, I'm glad at least someone is enjoying all of this," Hermione bit off
bitterly, but Natalie, as usual, was ignoring her sour mood.

The door to their compartment slid open and a bespectacled third year popped
his head inside, only to find himself greeted by several wands pointed at him.

"Oi! What I'd do?"

"Ever hear of knocking?" Draco snapped.

"I did!"

"The Silencing Charm was up," Hermione reminded him, and everyone tucked their
wands away. "Sorry about that. What did you want then?"

"Eh. I'm looking for somewhere else to sit. This guy in my compartment looks
like he's ready hurl at any moment."

"What, is he sick? Cursed?"

The boy shrugged. Hermione rolled her eyes.

"For Merlin's sake. Take me to him."

"Fine," he grumbled, "Don't know what you expect to do about it."

"More than you obviously can be bothered with. The rest of you stay here, he
probably just needs and anti-motion sickness charm. It should only take a
minute."

"Yes, Nurse Hermione," Natalie jibed.

"You do know I'm a prefect, don't you?"

"You do know I'm one too?"

She rolled her eyes and left, leaving them to fill the void her abrupt
departure created. Inevitably, it turned to quidditch and the national cup
victory by the underdog team, the Derbanshire Devils, followed by a rousing
debate over who was going to replace Snape as the supervisor in dueling club.
They hadn't gotten very far, when Hermione returned to their compartment,
white as a sheet.

"Harry, I need you for a minute."

She grabbed his arm and hauled him out into the hallway before he could even
ask what was happening, and hurriedly marched into another car. Several
students had stuck their heads out of their compartment, listening to what
Harry thought was some of the most horrific coughing he had ever heard. It was
loud, harsh, and disturbingly wet.

"Hermione, what is-"

"He said you'd know what to do."

"He who? I don't know how to stop a cough! I never got to take First Aide
remember? I got blown up that semester."

She wasn't amused, and pretty much ignored him until they reached the door the
coughing was originating from. She threw it open, and pulled Harry inside
after her. Hunched over in his seat, Ron Weasley was struggling to take on
air, his lungs rattling with every labored breath. He was white as a sheet and
soaking wet.

"Oh god, he's even worse than before," she said. "It has to be a curse or a
poison. Nothing else would work this fast. Do you recognize it?"

Harry could honestly say he didn't. He had seen truly horrific curses in his
life, but nothing quite like this. He couldn't even begin to guess how to
start helping him. What he did know, however, was that he didn't want Hermione
to be in here if it all somehow proved… lethal.

"Go find the conductor and tell him what's happening. He might be able to get
a healer for us," he ordered.

"Can you help him?" she begged.

"Maybe," he lied. "Hurry up, I'll stay with him."

She nodded and hurried out to find help. He closed the door behind her and
threw up a silencing charm. Ron stared at him blearily through one eye, still
hunched over as if he expected to start heaving at any moment.

"Why did you tell her to get me? What do you think I can do that no one else
on the train can?" he demanded, taking a threatening step forward.

Needles, hot tar, and stagnant water washed over him, stabbing and pulling at
his senses, tearing off little pieces of him and filling it with mud. He leapt
away, staggering as far back as the compartment would allow. His magus
sensatia was going crazy, telling him in a hundred different ways that this
wasn't right. It was wrong and terrible and unclean.

"Fuck, ugh… fuck. Who did this to you?"

Ron closed his eyes tiredly, and Harry understood.

"You idiot. YOU GODDAMN IDIOT!You did it to yourself, didn't you? You tried to
fucking kill someone, but it blew up in your face! Shit! How could you be so
stupid?"

"Please...," Ron begged weakly, his voice like sandpaper. "I'm sorry. I'm
sorry. I need your help. I thought…" he broke off into several body wrenching
gasps, until finally he managed to regain control of himself. "I thought… I'd
have more t-time t-to fix th-this… but… it's getting… worse… faster…
P-please."

"I don't know how."

"Please…"

By now Ron was all but in tears, terrified and exhausted. Harry's own magic
recoiled and shifted unpleasantly as he watched the effects of the curse
slowly tearing the other boy to pieces from the inside out. He tried closing
his eyes, to block it out, but even without seeing he could still *feel* it.

What could he do though? He wasn't a healer, and this wasn't a curse he knew
how to handle. He didn't know its source or its method, and even if he did he
wasn't sure how to undo it. It was contaminating the very air around him, and
he didn't….

"I'll be right back. I think I know something that might help."

He stormed out of the compartment and down the hall, sending other passengers
ducking out of his way as made his way back to his car. His friends looked up
from a game of cards as he stepped inside, but he didn't give them time to say
anything before he summoned down his trunk from the overhead compartment, and
dropped it on the floor.

"Hey, watcher!" Clyde protested, barely moving his foot in time from receiving
a nasty stomping.

"Sorry, no time to explain," he blurted, opening the trunk and digging through
its contents as quickly as he could. He found the sealed wooden box at the
bottom right corner where he had left it, pulled it out, and ran for the door
without bothering to close his trunk.

"What's going on?" Ginny called after him, but he didn't reply. Back inside
with Ron, he closed the door once again and sealed it shut. He didn't want
anyone seeing what he was doing and attempting to stop him. The redhead was
struggling harder than ever for air, watching with growing desperation as
Harry worked to save him.

"Scarlet pimpernel," Harry whispered and the box opened, revealing his ritual
dagger, small jars of ink, brushes, chalk, charcoal, and a thick bundle of
dried, leafy stalks. He took the bundled herbs and closed the box. He glanced
at Ron, and told him bluntly. "I have no idea if this is going to work or not,
or how well. I should just let you choke on your own blood, but we actually
share some mutual friends in common who might give a damn."

Taking his wand, he lit the bundle on fire. Within seconds, a strong, fragrant
smoke filled the small room. Ron started to wheeze again, to panic as the air
grew thinner and the smoke grew thicker. He threw his hand out to knock the
burning herbs from Harry's hand and when that failed, he struggled to his feet
to take them. He was weak as a kitten, but Harry was struggling to breathe
himself and his eyes were watering. He was starting to think this had been the
mother of all stupid ideas, when Ron fell on top of him.

The dirty feeling of the curse lingered and rubbed again his magic in the same
filthy way, but it was no longer as all powering as it had been before. He
wasn't sure what affect it had on Ron's internal magic, but at least the air
around him and been partially cleansed. He struggled to push Ron off of him,
and made his way to the window, which he opened to let out the smoky air.

"What-" Ron wheezed, but already his lungs sounded clearer. "- was that?"

"Sage. It's used to purify an area of negative energies. And guess what you
are, you dumb pillock?"

The Slytherin blinked at him.

"I'm cured?" he asked hopefully.

"No. It's in too deep, whatever it is. It'll come back."

"But the sage helps?"

"Apparently."

"For how long?"

"I don't know! I didn't even know if it would work! You figure it out," he
snapped, and threw open the door. Hermione, the conductor, and several
attendants stood there and gave him a startled look.

"What happened? Why did you lock the door?" the conductor demanded.

"Er…"

"Ron, are you alright?" Hermione called, worriedly.

"I'm fine," he replied, his voice stronger even if it was still a bit raspy.
"I was just having an allergic reaction. Potter sorted me out."

"Why does it smell like smoke in here?" the conductor persisted, turning
redder by the moment. "Are you boys smoking something?"

Harry spent the entire ride back to Hogwarts trying to convince the conductor
that no, they had not been doing drugs or engaging in any other sort of
illegal activity. Ron had a slow allergic reaction from one of the Bernie
Botts every flavor beans, and he knew Harry had ways of treating it which
involved burning special herbs because of a previous experience. Harry had
locked the door so no one would open it and disperse the medicinal smoke
before it took affect. The silencing charm was just habit. Honest.

The conductor didn't believe them for a minute, but since he had no evidence
of anything other than Harry saving Ron's life, he didn't have the authority
to hold them once the train had reached its destination. Frustrated, annoyed,
and just plain angry with the entire situation, he had stalked away from Ron
as soon as the first opportunity presented itself.

The youngest Weasley son wasn't quite ready to let him go yet, however, and
caught up to him before he had a chance to climb into a waiting carriage and
pulled him off to the side.

"Wait! Potter, hold on!"

"Go away, Weasley."

"Oh, come on. Can't I at least say 'thank you'? You saved my life! I haven't
felt this good in weeks!"

"You're welcome. Goodbye."

"Whoa, whoa, what's your hurry? Off to save orphans from a fire?" the
Slytherin laughed. Harry wasn't buying his good cheer, and his glare pointedly
told him so. Ron sobered, his smile melting from his face.

"I screwed up."

"No shit. What happened?"

Ron fidgeted. "It was going well enough for the most part, it was just at the
end see. There was this cat. I was suppose to… you know. Bleed it. I thought
it would be easy, but… it struggled… and the knife slipped and I cut myself
instead, and the cat got away. Then it all pretty much exploded in my face."

Harry found himself thinking of the sianach he had killed, how easily the
knife had slipped in and out, but the blood hadn't been as controllable. It
ahd been on his face and his clothes before he could finish. Voldemort had
been there to show him how to do it, to understand the meaning behind what he
had done, the horrifying beauty of it.

And here was Ron, ignorant and arrogant, thinking he could control what he
couldn't even begin to understand. He had tried to use the death of an
innocent animal to beget the murder of another man without any respect for
what he was doing, and the gods had given him a metaphorical slap to the face
for it. It was infuriating and pitiful, and he didn't want to deal with it.

"I'm not going to help you fix this. I bought you time. Use it to find a
solution yourself."

"Potter, give me a break! I've been trying since it happened. The book I used
had counter curses for this sort of thing, but the thing burned during the
accident! Without that book, I have no clue what I'm doing. You figured out in
half a minute what I couldn't figure out in two months! Please! I've never
begged for a thing in my life, until today. I *need* your help."

Harry spun around, ready to punch the other in the face, but Ron stumbled and
fell before it landed.

"Just like you *needed* my help to murder?" he snarled like a cornered animal.
"You brought this on yourself. Talk to Snape, talk to the Celtic studies
teacher, hell, talk to Madam Pomfrey, but don't talk to me. I wash my hands of
you."

And with that, he stalked away, leaving the other sitting stupefied in the
dirt.

~ Author's Notes~

In case you haven't figured it out, Ron did try to curse Lucius Malfoy, and he
was unknowingly successful even though it blew up in his face. The curse does
not act directly, it's much more subtle. It manipulates events around the
victim so that they die, in this case it would appear my Tom's poisoning. No
one is noticing, including the Dark Lord, because the curse won't let them. So
no, Lord V is not just being stupid or unobservant, he's just not immune to
the curse, especially when he doesn't know to look for it.
