# Tales and Wings II

After what Tom estimated to be three days without food and at least one
without water, he became decidedly sick of the body he could no longer
discard at will. Faeries were wiser in the ways of spirits, being
largely spirits themselves, so binding him to his current vessel had
been as simple as a few magic words and the green wood of young holly
branches woven snugly around his neck. It also had the unfortunate side
affect of binding his magic, making his physical deterioration as rapid
and unpleasant as it would have a mere muggle. His cellmates were
similarly fitted, and he supposed Kingsley and the others were as well,
although he had neither seen nor heard anything from them beyond his own
space.

Adding to the ignominy and his general disgust was that despite
Gulandri's knowledge of his identity and the risk he took in keeping him
alive, he had made no special accommodations. He was kept with two other
common soldiers, Beckly and Slaunderhouse, and received no extra
precaution or privileges. By all accounts, the guards that did on
occasion enter the cell or peek in at them did not seem informed of the
danger he represented.

And to his own mortification, he had not found any way to make the dark
elf regret his arrogance.

He was hungry, thirsty, sore, and very near strangling Beckly (she
whined for several minutes about how hungry she was every couple of
hours and then asked incessantly when the rescue party would arrive) and
still no closer to figuring out how he would escape. He had never been
so thoroughly cut off from his own magic before, and smooth talking the
guards was proving in impossible. He suspected they didn't speak
English.

On the estimated third day, when the cell door opened, he was
embarrassingly unprepared when they were dragged from their enclosure by
a pair of orcs. Their hands, which had already been bound behind them in
cumbersome wooden cuffs, were linked together by a length of rope and
once outside their cells they were faced with the other prisoners and
tied to them as well. He made a note of Kingsley, his most likely ally
in a future fight, and could tell he must have attempted escape at some
point judging by the abundant swelling on the side of his face and limp
that had not been present before their imprisonment.

They were led through the maze of corridors to a large open chamber that
reminded him of Hogwart's Great Hall, but for the complete absence of
iron of any kind and the red and blue heraldry that hung on the walls.
Along the left wall there was a large empty space, but for a series of
wooden stockades nestled low to the ground. The prisoners were made to
kneel while their ankles were secured. Then one by one their hands were
cut free.

Kinglsey, who had seemed too battered to see straight let alone resist,
suddenly smashed his fist into the orc's face and snatched his sword out
of the scabbard at its waist. An orc that had just been about to cut
Beckly's hands free turned towards the commotion, and Tom slid his short
blade free too smoothly and quickly for him to even notice, and quickly
hid it under his legs and covered the protruding hilt with his hands.

Kingsley fought off the orcs for a short while, but ultimately only
received another knock to his head and some more bruises for his
trouble. That and Gulandri's mocking applause as he strode into the
room. Even without his hunting gear on and no weapon in sight he looked
every inch a predator.

"It is good to see some of you have maintained your fighting spirit,"
the elf said, as he moved before them. His eyes flickered briefly to Tom
and then down at his hands resting unnaturally in front of his knees. He
only smirked, however, and looked away. "You must all be hungry and
thirsty. I have been terribly remiss in my duties as your host."

Some of the orcs snickered, and moved away to watch from the corner of
the room. Gulandri made a gesture, and by some unspoken cue several
servants, human-ish but for the small curling horns protruding the sides
of their hair and golden eyes, came in from a narrow opening at the far
corner of the room, carrying trays of food and goblets of wine. Very
cautiously and very quickly, they unloaded their trays of food and drink
within reaching distance of the prisoners and moved away. The smells of
cooked meat and sweet spices made Tom's mouth water and his stomach
twist, and on either side of him he could see the others reacting
similarly. The only thing keeping them from jumping for the plates was
surprise and a healthy dose of suspicion.

Gulandri gave them a devil's smile and gestured for their meal.

"Are you not as hungry as I thought?" he asked with cruel geniality.

Beckly reached out timidly to take a fat, green grape from the plate.

"It's poisoned," Tom said.

She snatched her hand back as if bitten.

"'Poisoned' is such a strong word," Gulandri said, still amused. "But
there are indeed consequences for eating it. This is faerie fare, after
all. To eat it, to drink it, is to make a contract with your host...
with your very soul."

"You may or may not become faeries," Tom translated. "But you will
belong to this... king... and his court. Forever."

"Succinctly put, but really... what have you to lose at this point? You
will never leave this court, be it dead or alive. You already belong to
me. Isn't that right, Salaki'alyne, Trabli?"

Two of the servants urned to Gulandri, and nodded. Someone gasped.

"Oh Merlin, he's Titanhorn!" one of the prisoners gasped, pointing to
the male servant.

Sure enough, as Tom looked closer he could suddenly recognize the basic
features of the late squadron commander, the square jaw and the shape of
his nose. He looked to the female servant, and recognized Guppy's large
round eyes and the tiny star-shaped birthmark on her right cheek. These
familiar features now blended seamlessly with foreign ones, and nothing
about their movements or unmoved expressions suggested they had ever
been anything other than faeries in this life or ones past. The only
hint of their pre-incarnations were their names. Tom wasn't fluent in
Elvish, but 'trabli' he knew was the name for 'tiny fish' and 'alyne'
translated to 'horn'.

"Once upon a time, perhaps," Gulandri said, making his way to the front
of the banquet hall where a large chair that could not quite be
categorized as a throne stood, and threw himself into it. He was now
lounging with the same negligent grace he displayed in Selufiare's room.
Guppy... Trabli handed him a goblet of wine."They hardly seem any worse
for wear now, do they?"

That was true. Despite one having been seriously injured and the other
being... well, dead, they both now seemed the picture of health, even
attractive in a weird, faerie way. Tom couldn't help but be fascinated
by the skill of the transformation. He had never seen it occur to anyone
he knew.

"Eat. Drink," the king invited, "Or do not. It's all the same to me. And
all the same for you in the end."

And after that, nothing else was said. The servants all left, including
their two former comrades, and Gulandri and the orcs watched them
unwavering from their own roosts, killing any conversation that might
have sprung up amidst the prisoners. There was no distraction to be had
from the tantalizing mound of roasted meat, fresh bread, and ripe fruit
seated within their reach or the goblets filled with thirst quenching
wine. Tom heard more than one stomach growl. His might have been among
them, but he prided himself on his own self-discipline. Rather than look
at the food and wine, he gave his attention to the lock of the stockade
currently securing him to the floor and calculating the quickest and
surest way to break it with the sword he was hiding. There was no
telling when the orcs would realize it was missing.

He knew that some of his soldiers would break and eat. His only surprise
in that regard was that it was not Beckly who was the first to loose it.
Jetterman, already a skinny fellow, lasted only about ten minutes before
he reached for his plate.

"Don't!" Kingsley hissed, but there were two soldiers between them, and
they only watched with horrified fascination as he grabbed a rib of meat
took an enormous bite. Then another and another. He finished it and then
moved on to take wine, swallowing the goblet's entire contents in one
swig. Then some bread and another piece of meat.

Nothing seemed to happen.

There was no sudden transformation or signs of pain. If anything, he
only seemed more desperate to eat, loosing all semblance of decorum to
shove food into his mouth. Predictably, another two soldiers, one of
them Beckly, began to eat as well. Within the hour, another started on
it, leaving only Tom, Kingsley, and a stolid witch, whose name he had
forgotten, untainted. From his chair, Gulandri just smiled and took a
sip of his wine.

---

Gulandri watches the humans break one after the other until only three
of the seven remain steadfast. The food and drink will not transform
them. It contains only those ingredients that will bind them magically
to his lands and his court. It is not a proper Introduction. That would
come later, when he is done testing them, threshing out the chaff to
pick those, if any, he deems worthy of his household. Tom he is not
surprised remains defiant. It's more to due with pride than any sort of
virtue, but pride of his kind requires its own sort of strength.

The black man is not particularly bright but there is a sort of
integrity to be found in his defiance. Depending on how much longer he
lasts, he may take him into his counsel as a knight. He hasn't had a
real knight since Ferenderil married a princess from a visiting court,
and he feels nostalgic for one. The woman's defiance remains a mystery
to him, but he finds it a enjoyable trait in a woman even if he prefers
it to be more subtle. Perhaps some innate skill will present itself, and
he can commission her education in one of the city guilds.

The rest he would auction. It would help to keep the household coffers
full (faeries did not practice taxation) and appease his subjects their
own need for new blood. It made his hunts a national custom rather than
a private sport. His scribes would be at the banquet later and give him
an estimate of the profit he could expect.

While he was speculating all of this and watching his prisoners struggle
and fail themselves, one of his guards entered. Gulandri felt his heart
suddenly quicken. Had Voldemort been spotted? He should not have come
ashore for another three hours at least.

"Veneri," he acknowledged, trying to hide his eagerness. "You have some
news for me?"

"Yes, My King. News that requires some discretion."

The elf looked distrustfully at the orcs lingering in the corner, who
looked back with equal distaste. Gulandri, who had merely been
tolerating their loitering, waved them out of the hall. The humans would
not understand, as they spoke in Elvish. Once alone, Veneri spoke again.

"My King, Lady Selufiare has received a messenger. A raven, unbound to
the fae, who speaks and conveys a message on behalf of a prince he would
not name."

Gulandri frowned.

"A raven who speaks? Did he give his name?"

"Yes... its was something ridiculously pretentious. Bostimilus or
Beramas something the III..."

The king suddenly straightened.

"Bobbitimus?"

Across the room, Tom suddenly turned his full attention to them.

"Ah, yes. That was-"

Gulandri suddenly stood.

"Where is he now?"

"I... I left him with the princess in her quarters."

If he had had his sword on him, he would have slain the guard where he
stood. How could this fool choose to lower his guard when so much was at
stake? Had he no instinct? But he had no sword, so instead he ordered
him to remain and watch the prisoners in his absence and headed for his
daughter's room. It was unlikely someone of Bobbitimus'...
limitations... could harm someone of his daughter's skill, but he did
not dare rule out the possibility of trickery. Those of the changeling
arts were infamous for them.

He arrived at her door and entered with out knocking. The room was
empty. No Selufiare. No Bobbitimus. No Harry. No sign of a struggle.
Only a bowl of water set on the floor and an empty bird stand to hint at
the room's previous occupants.

"Daughter," he called, but there was no reply. He checked her powder
room and storage closet to be sure, but found nothing amiss. He turned
to the guard at her door, who was looking at him anxiously. "Where is
she?"

"Her Ladyship went down to the armory. She wished to bespell some
weapons for the guards before your honored guest arrived."

"And the hawk and raven?"

The guard merely looked at him in confusion and then at the doorway to
the princess' bedroom. Gulandri did not bother waiting to hear his
excuses, and moved on yet again. Surely, his daughter had not left the
two shapeshifters alone together? But even if she had, how had they
escaped her room unnoticed? Could she have taken them with her to the
armory?

Deeper into the stronghold, the corridors became little more than the
raw tunnels left by their dwarven creators; winding, narrow, and
maze-like. Natural chambers sprung up randomly and without warning, and
he made use of them to store his more valuable assets, including his
armory. The chamber was twice the size of the banquet hall and covered
floor to ceiling with armor and weaponry. Aside from leveling most of
the floor, the architects who had designed the room had kept its natural
features;the uneven walls were lined in uneven rows of shelving and
stands to hold weapons and armor. He found Selufiare just where the
guard had said she would be, industriously enchanting shields against
magical attacks. Normally, he would applaud her foresight, but his soul
focus then was on the conspicuous absence of both the hawk and the
raven.

"Father? Is something wrong?" she asked as he stormed into the chamber.

"Where are they?" he demanded.

"Who?"

"Bobbitimus and the boy!" he snarled. To her credit, she did not flinch
away, merely looked at him levelly.

"I left them resting in my chambers. Are they not there?"

The silence that followed was murderous. Gulandri felt his heart beat
venom. This was impossible! Not in his house! That *child* would not
make a fool of him in his own house! He would not ruin his carefully
laid plans and undo all the effort he had sunk into this.

He stalked to the west wall. It was lined with swords, but he ignored
them in favor of the small table that stood nearby. A long, narrow chest
rested there and he opened to reveal his favorite sword. Light and
sleek, and reflected like a mirror. The very edge of the blade was
forged mithral.

It was not the sword he had used on his hunt, which was as common a
faerie blade as any. This piece he had intended to save for when his
honored guest arrived, but for this latest act of defiance he was
willing to use it against a lesser enemy.

"Get me twelve of my finest hunters and have them mount up. We hunt."

---

The mermaids brought the gondola to shore just as they promised,
although the landing sight was not ideal. Voldemort scanned the marshy
banks for fae. The fog had almost completely disappeared by now, but
while he couldn't see anyone, there could be any number of faerie-bred
predators hiding amongst the mud and cattails. He turned to the mermaid
matriarch who had dropped her rope to swim back to him. She smiled, but
their was nothing coy or warm being whispered through her eyes.

Their bargain was complete. She had led him to Gulandri's land where he
would not be seen landing, several hours sooner than if they had
traveled the route of Tom-All-Alone. She would allow him to reach the
shore safely, but the next time they met they would be natural enemies
once again.

"Goodbye, my dear," he said, smiling back just the same. She slipped
beneath the brackish waters and disappeared without so much as a ripple.

He cast a spell to create a path of ice from his boat, through the
reeds, and to the shore. Once safely there, he cast a locating spell for
Harry. His wand spun uselessly in circles.

"Fantastic," he muttered. He scanned the area for signs of a road or
trail, but it was all young virgin forest, unusually flat and stretching
out into forever. He had intended to sneak up on his enemies, but had
stupidly gotten himself lost. Harry would have been proud.

And as if summoned by the thought of its master, a ghostly apparition
appeared from between two trees. Harry's patronus was a magnificent
specimen, and in the semi-spiritual realm of the faeries it should have
glowed brighter and seemed more solid than ever. Instead, it was pale
and nearly transparent, the strain of its continued existed even on this
plane draining its strength... draining its master's strength. Had Harry
sent it for help? For him?

"Take me to him."

He had raced the stag once before at the height of its strength,
bounding over hills and through trees as if though flying, but now the
patronus could only saunter steadily towards the North. Biting down on
his impatience, the Dark Lord followed.

It was not as far as he had assumed. Although the forest seemed to
stretch out endlessly in every direction, there as a point at which it
suddenly sloped downward and half a hour later he found himself looking
down that slope at a strange city carved into what looked like an
enormous sinkhole. It was a walled city, and even at his distance he
could make out guards patrolling. While sneaking in undetected might be
possible, it would require time and planning he currently didn't have
the patience for.

"Harry is in there?"

The stag didn't answer, of course, but its gaze remained fixed on the
city.

"I will handle it. Go. Your task is complete."

And like that, the apparition dissolved into diamond dust and
disappeared.

He calculated his options for some minutes, and decided the direct
approach would be the best one.

---

"*Alach jaunef e ir?*" an goblin guard called out from the gate
entrance, as Voldemort stepped out of the trees and onto the road
leading towards him. The Dark Lord said nothing at first, and moved
closer. More guards appeared atop the walls and then more at the
entrance. They were primarily orcs and goblins, but it was clear that
the handful of elves that appeared where the ones in charge.

"*Alach juanef e ir?*" another guard repeated, this one an elf and a
commander by the look of it.

"*Dekliar nab hai le'hia nies ne'ar.*"

*I have your master's hospitality.*

Decades ago, Gulandri had spoken these words to him and he felt a
delicious sense of irony at being able to use them now. The affect was
immediate. He wouldn't say they lowered their guard, but all of them
conspicuously moved their hands away from their swords or pointed their
crossbows down. A small argument broke out between the commanding elf
and two goblin sub-commanders, but Voldemort did not slacken his pace to
give them time to sort it out. He was walking past them through the
gates, sending the lower minions scrambling out of his path.

"*De nis le'hia Voldemort?*"

"*De nisi*," he agreed, not bothering to slacked his pace. He honestly
didn't know where he was going, but the city only seemed to have one
main road and that seemed as likely to bring him to Gulandri's hall as
anywhere else. And judging my the guard commander's increasingly
distress expression and goblin's deepening scowls he was accomplishing
his goal of throwing them all off balance.

"*Lysak siri e ir nefrete,*" the elf said, as if trying to placate him,
"*Usur-"*

Voldemort had no idea what he just said. His Elvish was limited to the
most basic of travel phrases and a few random pieces he had picked up
throughout his life. Not wanting to give away this exploitable weakness,
he interrupted the elf.

"*De na'urut hai le'hia?*"

*Where is your master?*

The elf grew quiet. Around him, the city inhabitants looked confused and
anxious by his unrestrained movements through their streets. He let his
gaze fall quickly on them and away, pulling out random bits of thoughts.
He had to swallow a grin at what he found there.

The master was away.

Why? It seemed rather a reckless thing to do, even if he wasn't
expecting Voldemort for a while longer yet. Well, he intended to take
advantage of it.

*De na'urut is le'iamsfer?*

*Where is my apprentice?*

Again there was no immediate answer, but this was far less surprising.
Reuniting two powerful wizards was probably the last thing any one of
them wanted, regardless of their master's presence or absence.

"I will take you to the Mistress," was the closest he got to an answer.
The commander lead the way now, and Voldemort strolled leisurely behind
him and looked around idly, as if though he were merely a tourist
passing through. Whispers followed him as he went, fear and confusion
thick in their voices. It seemed at home or abroad, some things remained
constant.

Gulandri's... castle wasn't the right word... stronghold, perhaps?...
was as alien as the rest of the city and equally as curious. He devoted
half a mind to it while the rest plotted to find his protege and leave.
When at last, he was brought to the apparent destination, a large dining
hall currently in the process of being prepared for a banquet. Probably
meant for himself.

How thoughtful.

The first thing he really made note of was the seven humans chained to
the left wall. He scanned their faces quickly. He saw Kingsley and
Lucius' assistant, but no Harry. The second thing he noticed was the
'Mistress'. He could clearly see the familial resemblance to Gulandri,
for all that she was not herself an elf. She did not look the least bit
surprised to see him.

She made a gesture for the guard to leave. This apparently hadn't been a
part of his plans, because he looked momentarily panicked. Her
expression darkened, her father's features suddenly becoming more
prominent, and she said something he did not understand that sent the
commander scurrying. Then she turned to him. He met her gaze evenly, and
was disappointed when he could pull nothing from her mind. If breeding
held true, she too would be gifted in sorcery.

"He is gone," she said in English.

"Who?"

"The boy."

Voldemort blinked, then burst out laughing. In the banquet hall, the
sound was booming and the two dozen gathered servants froze at the
terrifying sound.

"When?" he asked. Perhaps he could catch up to him yet.

"Not long. There is nothing for you here. You should go before my father
returns."

He gave her a curious look. "A treasonous suggestion."

"Less than you might think," someone said.

He turned a cool eye to one of the prisoners bound to the floor. It was
Lucius' assistant. He knew little about him except that the general
found him reliable. Clearly Lucius' judge of character was slipping
given present circumstances. He listened anyway. Failure or not, the man
had been present here longer than he had, and probably knew more about
what as going on.

"Gulandri is chasing after Har- Lord Potter as we speak. If he catches
him, he will kill him. And when you meet him again... and you'll likely
have to in order to get back... you'll end up fighting to the death.
Which is exactly what he wanted in the first place."

"Why should he want to kill me?"

"Because he's crazy."

The Mistress let out an angry hiss, and stormed towards him. She raised
her hand as if to strike him, but then seem to find the act beneath her.

"His madness is genius compared to your lacking wit."

"He was outsmarted by a child!"

*He would hardly be the first,* Voldemort noted mentally. *I really
don't have time for this.*

He turned to leave.

"Wait! Don't leave us!" a witch cried, struggling to rise but still
restrained.

"I have no interest in fools who cannot accomplish the same things as a
mere *child*," he said coldly.

Lucius' assistant let out a dark chuckle that drew his attention despite
his resolution to leave. The look in his eyes was a savage glee, unbent
and unyielding to his own obvious defeat. He watched, transfixed as a
sword was drawn seemingly out of thin air.

"Justly so," the lieutenant said, and brought the blade to his neck. At
first, Voldemort thought he meant to slit his own throat, a final act of
defiance against his captors, but the blade slid not into flesh but
between skin and the faerie collar encircling his neck. With a harsh
tug, the binding snapped, and there was a surge of magic in the chamber.
The stockades binding them, jumped and shattered.

Servants shouted in alarm, dropping what they were doing and ran away
while guards who had been standing outside the chamber suddenly threw
the doors open to rush inside. Gulandri's daughter was as surprised as
everyone else for once, and only made to pull out her wand when the
human sprinted for her. The wand was drawn, but too late. He was too
close, and had grabbed her wrist, jerking her around harshly. The move
twisted her arm behind her back, and she let out a cry of pain and
dropped her weapon. His blade was to her neck before the guards could
draw any closer.

They immediately froze, the threat obvious.

"Now Princess," he said with cheerful venom, "Where is my wand?"

"We destroyed it. We destroyed *all* of them."

"I don't believe you." He pulled her wrist back further, eliciting a
hiss of pain.

"Then kill me! You won't have it either way!"

"*Don't* tempt me. Kingsley, you awake over there?"

"I'm still kicking."

"Get the others, we're leaving through the servant's entrance."

"What about..." the man gestured towards the Dark Lord who was just
standing there watching them curiously.

"I don't think he needs our help or that we should expect it from him.
Is that not right, my Lord?"

"I did intend to kill you myself when I found you," Voldemort said
honestly. "But if you make it out of this stronghold on your own, I will
let you live. I hate to waste talent."

Kingsley and the witch who had called out for him looked at him as if he
were mad, but the lieutenant only nodded as if made perfect sense.
Seeing no other course of action, they followed the man's lead and
gathered up the soldiers who seemed a bit dazed and reluctant to leave
their meal but willing enough to be herded towards the servant's
entrance. Stratus brought up the rear, dragging the still struggling
princess with him, keeping the armed guards between them. And then they
were gone.

Voldemort immediately found himself surrounded with several weapons
pointed at him. He held out his empty hands, and blinking innocently.

"It was not me," he said in Elvish.

They didn't look convinced. It would almost have been funny except he
really didn't have time for this. He pointed to the servant's door.

"They are going."

There was a long moment of hesitation, then the commander snapped
something and guards split into two groups. Sixteen, including the
commander, pursued the escaping prisoners. Four remained to glare at him
uselessly. He let out a mental sigh. There was no helping it. He turned
to leave. Predictably, a guard moved to stand in his way. His solution
to this was to draw his wand with a flick of the wrist and cut him to
pieces. The guard had not even fallen yet before his comrades where on
top of him, slashing at him with their swords. If they had been elves,
he would have been in serious trouble, but they were merely goblins and
an orc, little more than ugly muggles with bad overbites when it came
down it. Their magic lay in their resilience to the elements and injury,
not to the devastating affects of the Dark Arts.

Their attach was well-coordinated, striking at him from three different
directions, but their blades bounced uselessly off his bespelled cloak.
They were so close to him he barely had the space to maneuver his wand
for his incantation, but also being so closed two of the three attackers
were caught in the magic at the same time. Their necks snapped and they
tumbled to the floor, dead. Snarling, the remaining orc guard leaped
onto his back and bit savagely into his shoulder.

He should have aimed for the neck.

The orc's teeth were no more successful in piercing the cloak's
protection than the blades had been, and he only succeeded in
unbalancing the Dark Lord for a moment. Pointing his wand over his
shoulder, Voldemort blasted his brains through the back of his skull
without uttering a word.

It lasted no more than a minute, and there had barely been a sound. He
didn't bother to look back and admire his work. He closed the doors
behind him as he left, and made his way out of the stronghold. The
corridors were filled with panicking faeries, running everywhere to find
out what was happening or to find a safe place to hide or searching for
the flee prisoners. Voldemort waded through it unimpeded. There were no
guards and no one else he came across seemed brave enough to attempt to
stop him. It still took longer than he would have liked, as halls that
had been open were now being blocked with locked gates he was forced to
destroy. This contributed to the overall panic of the denizens who
seemed to think he was attacking *them*... and admittedly he wasn't
considering their safety while he started blasting away their defenses.

The streets outside the stronghold were no less chaotic. It seemed the
escaping prisoners had managed to make it out with their hostage and
were headed for the city gates. There were more guards now, more
civilians armed and ready to fight as well. He cast a notice-me-not
spell on himself, but it was mostly useless against the fae and there
were no side streets or back alleys for him to take. He used the chaos
to the best of his ability as well as the phrase 'I have your master's
hospitality', but it was painfully slow going.

When he reached the rim of the city, he found the prisoners trapped
against the closed city gates and the fighting forces of the fae now
numbering at least two hundred from the original sixteen. He kept his
distance. He had told them he would let them live only if they managed
to save themselves, and he meant that. Instead, he moved off a ways to
one of the guard towers which held an exposed staircase on the city
side, and climbed up. He slew the Elven guard at the top who was
distracted by the events at the gate. Once at the tower, he quietly
levitated himself down the other side and slipped into the woods.

Now free of the city and free to chase down Gulandri before he reached
his protege, he became aware of a significant flaw in his plan.

He had no idea which direction they had gone.

Mentally cursing, he made his way back towards the city gates. To his
surprise, the prisoners were already outside of it, and were gathered
just outside of a stable stationed outside the walls. The lieutenant
still had his hostage, who clearly hadn't been making things easy for
him. There was a rather nasty scratch over the man's cheek that looked
suspiciously like claw marks, and the princess' neck was bleed from
several shallow cuts from struggled against the blade. Kingsley and the
witch from before appeared from the stable, leading out two skittish
mares each.

"So you made it after all," he said, by way of greeting, giving them all
a start.

"My Lord!" Kingsley said, looking amazed at the sight of him. Did he
think he had been killed? Fool.

"I suppose you've made it far enough," the Dark Lord said, looking past
them towards the city. The walls were now crowded with bowman , and the
gateway packed with angry fae waiting for them to make the slightest
error, to expose the smallest weakness that would allow them to free
their princess and tear these mortals apart. He could see several
crossbows aimed directly at him, the only one amongst the wizards
standing clearly out in the open. He graced them with a little wave.

And then another wave.

With his wand.

The wall, composed almost entirely of wood, exploded in a blaze of
sickly green fire. The front section of the wall that was hit directly
shattered and crumbled immediately, while the rest of blaze raced a long
edges. The wind that blew back at them from the force brought with it
stinging heat and the screams of the dying. They could only stand and
stare in horror and awe as it burned.

"NO! NO!"

The princess, now completely heedless of the blade at her throat, turned
with an insensate rage, slashing and clawing at her captor as she
struggled to break free. The lieutenant shoved her away savagely,
throwing her the ground and raising his sword to strike her dead.

"Wait."

The soldier turned his venomous glare at him.

"Why? We have no use for her now."

"We will need her to find Gulandri."

"Never!" she screamed, scrambling to her feet. "I'd rather die than help
you now!"

"No doubt. But if I have to wait around here for Gulandri to reappear, I
have no intention of being idle. I will go back into your city and flood
every tunnel, chamber, and crevice with the blood of your people. I have
already destroyed your defenses with one blow. Imagine what I can do if
I should put some *real* effort into it."

The horror in her expression was truly gratifying, as was the moment she
looked away and nodded.

"Good. You'll ride with me."

---

Harry crouched behind a tree, Bobby nestled in his arms, unmoving. In
the darkness he could not tell if he was breathing or not. He had no
access to his magic without his wand, and the binding on his hand.
Perhaps wandless... but no. Even that seemed blocked from him, otherwise
he would have been able to turn back into a human at will without
Bobby's assistance. He would have to escape without magic.

A treacherous thing to do in an unfamiliar forest while being pursued by
unknown assailants.

But he couldn't just wait around and-

"Potter!"

His heart skipped a beat. He knew that voice.

"Potter, get out here *now* or I'll-"

Harry peeked his head out from around the tree.

"Professor? I mean Head-"

"Front and center, Potter."

He rushed to comply, stumbling out of his hiding place and moving
forward. He never thought he would ever be so happy to hear Snape's
voice in his life. Stepping back onto the road, he could see his
guardian illuminated in the blue-white glow of a *lumos* charm and he
was not alone. Lucius stood beside him, looking even crazier than when
he had left him.

The happy feeling was starting to dissipate.

"How did you find me?" he asked, moving forward a little more
hesitantly.

Snape did not immediately answer, instead looking him over from head to
toe. No doubt he was wondering about his strange clothes and the raven
he was currently carrying. Bobby.

"What did you hit him with?"

"Him?"

"The raven... the man who was standing next to me."

"It is a shapeshifter?" Lucius said, looking scandalized at the thought.

"*He* is, yes. Of a sort. What did you hit him with?" he repeated, more
insistently.

"A simple stunning spell. I did not see a reason to be hasty with
something more... permanent," Snape said. Lucius stared down at Bobby
with unconcealed loathing, and when he reached for him Harry moved
quickly away from him and to the other side of Snape.

"Don't!"

"That creature is dangerous," Lucius snarled.

"He's my bro- my friend! I won't let you hurt him!"

They both looked at him like he had grown a second head. Snape closed
his eyes and rubbed the bridge of his nose as if he had a headache. "We
can't afford to stay out here in the open. Lets get somewhere more
secure."

"Yes, sir," he agreed readily, glancing behind him. They might be in the
mortal realm again but he couldn't say he felt that much safer. "Where
is Lord Voldemort?"

"Still in Germany last I heard. You've only been gone half a day here.
How long was it for you there?"

"At least three days, but it's hard to say. I was unconscious for part
of it, and they don't have days the same way we do. The sun never fully
sets there."

"And your escorts?" Lucius interrupted. "Stratus? Kingsley?"

They were the two he would have the hardest time explaining away. They
were higher ranking individuals, well known by their colleagues and the
press. Harry's expression turned pained, and he shook his head.

"We were captured together, but then separated. I don't know what
happened to them. How did you know where to find me?"

"The ring I placed on the changeling. It had a tracking spell on it. I
am going to want that back."

Harry almost told him he was tough out of luck, but held his tongue for
a while longer. There would be time enough for stories and arguments
once they were safely behind the wards of Treelafore. There was still
much to be done. Voldemort had to be warned. If so little time had
passed here, perhaps the Dark Lord had not gone to Hausteheim yet as he
had originally been told. That had to have been why they hadn't seen him
when they left. If Lucius could get a message to him in time, they might
avert yet another disaster.

Kingsley was gone. As was his almost friend Lt. Stratus, Reggy, and the
nearly dozen others who he had barely known but had fought with their
lives to protect him. How could he explain their loss? Would he be
allowed to go to their funerals? Would their families even want him
there? The phantoms of parents and wives crossed his mental eye and he
withdrew his thoughts quickly as he felt his heart begin to race. He
hadn't had a Calming Draught in days and did not want to tempt fate. He
needed to focus on things he could do remain useful. A message to
Voldemort was-

Beside him, Snape suddenly stopped, and turned around, looking into the
darkness beyond.

Harry felt a spike of fear.

Had he been followed?

"Potter, get behind that tree and hide."

"You hear something?" Lucius asked.

"Riders. Potter. Hide."

"What are you going to do?" Harry asked even as he edged towards the
hiding place. The faeries he had faced had wiped out an entire squadron.
He didn't like the odds of just two wizards, no matter their impressive
skill set. They didn't know what they were getting into.

"They will not see us. Now *hide!*" Snape hissed, and extinguished his
wand. Lucius immediately followed his example so that only the pale
light of the moon remained. Harry fumbled half blind off the road and
behind a large old oak, making his way most by feeling with one
outstretched arm while the other held Bobby protectively to his chest.
There was a natural nook at the base that he curled himself into it and
waited.

He prayed Snape knew what he was doing.

"You do know what you are doing, don't you?" Lucius asked his friend
skeptically.

"It's a little too late to be questioning my judgment now."

"Do you?"

"The potion works. I've used it in the Forbidden Forest for years. I've
stood in a crowd of orcs and they've been none the wiser."

An exaggeration. It had been hobgoblins and only two at that, but he
wasn't about to let honesty feed his paranoid friend's skepticism. The
*Caecus Fae* Potion was one of his proudest achievements, and
potentially most profitable. He had developed the potion to go
undetected by faeries in places like the Forbidden Forest, where potion
ingredients were abundant, free, and usually guarded over by dangerous
creatures. The patent he held on it made it almost guaranteed he would
make a fortune off of it as soon as it completed testing by the Potion
Safety and Standards Commission (a process that would likely take years
unless he bribed someone). He had complete faith in it.

As much faith as he had in anything at least.

The pounding of hooves grew louder and suddenly they could see the glow
of torches flickering amidst the trees. They stood completely still and
watched as the lights multiplied and grew closer, until they counted
about a dozen riders. They could barely make them out, but their
movements held a sort of military precision that was worrisome. And then
they broke out of the trees and onto the road and...

Stopped.

Their horses... where those horses?... halted on the road, turning in
place and rearing up as their riders pulled back sharply on their reins.
There were a few brief seconds of artless movement and then they were
all back in formation. They were still too far away to see clearly, but
they were gathering around something.

"I think they found Potter's tracks."

Lucius hissed something colorful but otherwise unhelpful.

"Go get him and make a run for the train. You should both be adequately
protected."

"We'll apparate."

"*No*!" he hissed, catching his friend off guard. "You're in no state of
mind to attempt it and if the boy were capable of it, he would have done
so already. Just take him and hurry. I will attempt to slow them down."

The general glowered at him for a moment, a haughty defiance clear on
his face even in the weak light of the moon, but after a moment he
simply turned and stalked off towards Harry's hiding spot. Snape let out
a silent sigh and started wordlessly casting anti-tracking spells on the
road to erase their trail, and moved cautiously towards the group of
hunters. He had only made it a couple of yards before the hunting party
began moving towards him at a clipped but controlled pace. Cautiously,
he moved to the side of the ride but continued to cast his spells. As
they drew closer together, Snape saw something that put true fear in
him.

Set at the head of the hunting party were two furry, white forms, their
noses hovering only a few inches above the dirt. Dogs. His potion would
not work against dogs, even faerie-bred ones.

And as if sensing his thoughts, one of the creatures suddenly lifted its
head and looked right at him and stopped. The fae stopped right behind
it, and followed its gaze out into the darkened road. The creature began
to growl, and then sprang forward. Snape hurled a curse at it, but it
leaped aside. The spell sailed on until it hit one of the mounted fae's
horses, causing it to rear up and throw off its rider before falling
down dead. One of the riders, now close enough for him to identify as an
elf dressed in crimson and likely the band's leader, pointed towards
him.

A tree a short distance behind him suddenly burst into flames.

*Of course Potter would be pursued by an elven sorcerer,* he mentally
grumbled as he turned to start running. Some distance ahead of him, he
could just barely make out Potter and Lucius' shadowy forms also
running. He would have to do a side-along apparation, one after the
other, to get them to safety, despite the innumerable dangers of
apparating in and out of an unfamiliar combat zone in the middle of the
night. Just as he prepared himself to apparate directly ahead of them,
Lucius suddenly grabbed Harry's arm and pulled him completely off the
road.

"What is he- *oomf."*

He was thrown to the ground, the wind knocked out of him. Stunned, the
first thought that crossed his mind was that he had been hit by a spell.
This thought was quickly driven out of his mind by a sharp pain in his
right leg a it was savagely shaken in a set of powerful jaws. He kicked
and struggled, managing to turn himself over to see one of the hunting
dogs latched onto his leg. This close he realized the beast was larger
than he had thought, its brilliant red ears and large black eyes the
only touch of color on its phantom form. He kicked it in the head twice,
but the angle was bad and it only tightened its hold and let out a
threatening growl for its efforts.

Lifting his wand, he was about to curse the beast, but then he saw
riders speeding towards them. Amongst them was the sorcerer, his hand
once again pointed towards him. This time Snape doubted he would miss.
He closed his eyes tight, sucked in a deep breath, and apparated.

He landed hard on the ground, his hasty exit preventing him from
factoring in his supine position and dropping him several feet. This had
the benefit of knocking of the dog who was even more surprised than he
at the sudden displacement.

"*Gylikitus."*

The dog yelped in surprise, then fell dead. Snape climbed to his feet
cautiously, testing his weight on his injured leg. It hurt, but his
boots had done their job and he could limp on it well enough. He took a
quick assessment of the situation. He was halfway between were he had
been and the village of Treelafore, just out of sight of both. Lucius,
who was somewhat crazy, and Harry, who had never been sane, were running
around blindly somewhere in the forest, unable to apparate, one of them
visible and one of them not, at least one tracking dog and a dozen
faerie hunters, including one sorcerer, chasing after them.

And it was up to him to save the day.

When did he turn into such a Gryffindor?

Somewhere in the forest he heard Harry screaming.

---

Harry's sole focus had been reaching Treelafore before Gulandri or his
minions reached them. That was the biggest threat, and therefore the
only one worth worrying about. So despite the warning signs, he was
caught completely off guard when Lucius grabbed hold of him suddenly and
pulled him back off the road an into the woods. He stumbled over a
branch, and barely caught himself with his one free arm on the trunk of
tree. Before he could regain his balance, the elder wizard had him
pinned with his wand pointed at his chest.

"What are doing?"

"Did you cast the curse on me?" he demanded.

"Curse? What-"

"Yes, the curse, you nimrod. The one you used so conveniently to
dissolve Hermione's betrothal and force an alliance so clearly in your
favor. *That* curse!"

Harry just gaped at him. The man thought he had...? He shook his head.

"We don't have time for this! They're going to kill us all if we-"

"*Crucio!*"

The pain came over him instantly, overwhelming to the point of
senselessness. Lucius seemed to have mastered I perfectly. When it
stopped, he found himself on the ground, his throat raw from screaming
and his arms empty. Bobby...

"You are right that we don't have time for this."

His eyes seemed to have trouble moving properly and swam about in his
sockets for a moment before settling on the dark wizard standing over
him. Standing over him with the raven tucked underneath his arms. Fear
had been a constant companion this day and night, but this newest layer
left him nearly frozen with it.

"Tell me the truth now, or I'll snap its little neck right here."

"No! No, no, no! I didn't do it! I swear! I'll make a wizarding oath out
of it if you want, but *please* don't hurt him!"

Lucius was taken back, but quickly recovered.

"You would say anything to save him, wouldn't you?" he said in disgust.
"What is he- *Protego!*"

The shield charm was thrown up around them, and through its invisible
barrier Harry saw the world catch fire. Flames rolled over their sphere
of protection, swallowing trees and leaves and the very air itself. He
rolled and crawled closer to Lucius, driven more by the burning heat
than common sense, and pushed himself into a crouch at his feet.
Recovering somewhat from the curse, he could see they were now submerged
in a sea of fire, and yet his attention inexplicably went directly to
Bobby. Too distracted preventing their eminent immolation, Lucius barely
registered when the boy reached up and pulled the limp raven out from
under his arm.

The spell seemed to last forever, forcing the dark wizard to recast the
protection spell over and over, reinforcing it against the killing heat
that seemed to seep through more with every passing second, He found
himself sweating, trembling, and not all of it from exertion. How long
could he keep this up? His thoughts turned to apparation. Snape said he
wasn't in any fit state to do it, but he was more than willing to risk
it if it kept him from being burned alive. At his feet, Harry was
shaking like a leaf, the after affects of the pain curse still strong,
and showing no sign he was capable of casting a spell to defend or
apparate himself.

If he left, the boy would die.

He didn't know if thought was a deterrent or an incentive.

Nearly six minutes of maintaining the shield charm and no sign of the
flames subsiding, Lucius felt himself begin to tire and began making
plans for his escape. He had perhaps ten minutes more he could spare
before he lacked enough magic to maintain the shield, maybe less if
wanted to have enough magic to defend himself after apparating. Turning
down, he saw Harry look up at him, and it didn't take a legilimens to
see that he knew what he intended.

There was the slightest twinge of regret. As much as he had wanted to
*hurt* Harry, he hadn't wanted to destroy him completely. He had been a
worthy opponent, and to have their game end at the hands of another was
more than just dissatisfying.

"I didn't cast the curse on you, Malfoy," the boy said, and nothing
else. He closed his eyes, and curled himself protectively around the
raven, attempting to summon whatever innate magic he could to protect
them both.

It wouldn't be enough.

The brilliant golden white hue in their sphere suddenly flickered.
Lucius looked around as much as he dared, hoping against hope that the
enemy spell was finally beginning to fail. He nudged the boy with his
foot to draw his attention. But as they both watched they began realize
the flames themselves were not dying, but changing. Ribbons of sickly
green, a shade both were all too familiar with, wound their way amidst
the gold, mere glimpses at first and then growing more numerous. Within
half a minute from when it first appeared the green flames had suddenly
swallowed the gold, and Lucius' spell suddenly shrank under the
unprecedented force of this newest attack.

He gasped and without thought reinforced the spell again and then again,
feeling his strength flowing rapidly away from him. He needed to
apparate. That was the only salvation here, but he didn't dare drop his
guard for the two seconds it would require to leave. In two seconds the
flames would render him completely to ash.

And then the pressure reversed unexpected, retreating back so rapidly it
forced his barrier to expand and expand until like a balloon it popped.
The curtain of flames dissolved into thin air. At first, Harry could see
nothing, the sudden change of light from near blinding, meant his eyes
needed a moment to adjust. A moment he didn't think he had, and he
jumped to his feet with the idea of running. He hadn't managed two steps
before a distinct *pop* sounded next to him and a pair of arms was
suddenly wrapping around him. Another nauseating moment of
disorientation, as he pulled into a side-along apparation. He struggled
instinctively.

"Calm down, Harry," a familiar voice said soothingly. "You're safe now."

"Reggy?"

He craned his neck around, and his vision began to adjust. The forest
around them was on fire. Not the magical blaze that had nearly killed
him, but the remainder of dry leaves and seeping resins having sparked
in the aftermath, creating natural burning heaps and torches around
them. He could see Stratus features clearly, his face scratched and
bleeding but grinning like a devil. There was another *pop* and he
twisted around to see Kinglsey now holding Lucius.

A feeling of a joy and relief swelled up inside of him. Harry didn't
consider himself a cynic, but he'd never believed in miracles until this
moment. As he looked around, taking it all in, the miracle seemed to
grow into something almost absurdly fantastical. There were other
survivors there as well, almost seven of them, looking mostly perplexed
but otherwise fine. Some of them were sitting atop horses, while others
were on the ground looking about dazedly.

"How did you..."

"Without your help," Kingsley said shortly. Harry's bit of joy dimmed
considerably into something closer to surrealism.

"Shut it, Kingsley," Stratus snapped, then softened his tone for Harry,
as if though he were a skittish animal ready to bolt. "We're not
*completely* incompetent. We managed mostly on our own."

"Mostly?"

Before Stratus could provide him with an answer, an arrow whizzed over
their heads, and they immediately jumped behind the smoldering remains
of a tree. The others there found their own places behind rocks and
natural mounts. None of them had their wands or any any weapons. How had
they managed to escape? How had they defeated the fire spell without
them?

"Snape!" he gasped.

"Not even close," came an amused reply.

Stupidly, Harry stuck his head out from his hiding spot. Further ahead,
a short distance form the circle untouched earth surrounded by
smoldering debris where Lucius and he must have been standing, was still
another familiar sight.

"My Lord?"

Voldemort stood in all his dark glory before Gulandri and his forces. He
was dressed for battle, but as always did not appear as if he had been
fighting one. He was free of blood and dirt and any mark of struggle, as
clean and deadly as a freshly drawn sword. A few yards ahead of him,
Gulandri stood in a sort of dark symmetry, equally armored and
untouched. Behind him a dozen elven warriors sat motionless on their
mounts, awaiting their master's orders.

That explained the green fire. It was a trade mark of the Dark Lord, and
had to have been his counter attack to Gulandri's. Voldemort had to have
timed it perfectly so that Stratus and Kingsley could rescue Lucius and
him without putting them back in the dark elf's line of fire.

What it didn't explain was why Selufiare, whom he had last seen safely
in the faerie stronghold, was currently being held against the Dark
Lord's chest, his free hand wrapped around her throat. A hostage. An
effective one, apparently, because Gulandri hadn't made a single move to
attack the man he had professed to be so eager to kill.

She did not look frightened. In fact, she looked angry enough to spit
nails, although she held herself perfectly still. Angry or not, Harry
did not like her odds of walking away. He swallowed thickly.

"Are you alright?" Voldemort asked.

"I'm fine." Relatively speaking. "Um... I'd really just like to leave...
now."

"Of course. No one here is going to stop you."

There was a touch of challenge there, directed at Gulandri, who did not
even bother to glance in his direction. Harry didn't move. As much as he
really did want to leave and put an end to his part in this madness, he
couldn't just abandon Selufiare after she what she had done for him.
Stratus touched his shoulder, drawing his attention.

"Come. I'll take you back to the train if you want."

But Harry just shook his head. He would stay and watch. Perhaps
Voldemort would negotiate their peaceable withdraw and then let her go.
Harry was safe now, and to harm the princess would only provoke yet
another full scale war neither side needed. Hopefully, the Dark Lord
would remember that before he did anything... regrettable.

"So..." Voldemort began, conversationally. "You look to have done well
for yourself. Started your very own family, I see. Very pretty. Her
mother must be, as well."

The princess let out an angry hiss, but her father said something
sharply and she went still yet again. Then he turned his electric blue
eyes to Voldemort.

"What do you want for her?"

"Some answers to start with. Why did you attempt to take my protege, and
do not claim ignorance of who he is. All the realms know him by now, and
you were always more informed than most."

Gulandri smiled at that, but there was no warmth to it.

"Yes. I knew of him. They speak of his bravery, but not how incredibly
arrogant he is. Coming to this place, knowing the risk. Hn... he made
himself a tempting target."

"He lies," Stratus said.

The elf turned to him sharply, catching his eye. The lieutenant shrank
back from his gaze. He looked away and said nothing more.

"Now, now. I know you *can't* lie. Not directly. Not so boldly. But
half-truths are your specialty. Tell me, Gulandri, what you intended
when you took him?"

The elf said nothing, and the silence stretched and with in the sense
that whatever the dark elf had intended he dared not say it aloud. Harry
swallowed thickly. He had known Gulandri's intentions, and honestly, if
it were only the elf's life on the line he would eagerly offer up the
answer and let them fight it out. But it wasn't just Gulandri, and more
likely than not it was Selufiare who would suffer the consequences of
her father's vainglorious scheming.

"No answer?" the dark lord mocked, seemingly more amused than anything
now that the victory was clearly in his favor. "Then I suppose I will
just have to take her with us until you can come up with something."

He began to back away slowly.

"Follow us, and I will leave pieces of her scattered across the
countryside. Attack us, or any of my citizens again, and I will cast her
to the dementors."

Harry could not see the full intensity of either Gulandri's or
Voldemort's deadly glares, but he could feel it in the air, like
watching clouds from two different storms rushing to meet each other. He
felt himself beginning to shake, knowing this wasn't going to go as
smoothly as the Dark Lord seemed to think it would. That Gulandri had
set forth a task for himself, one that he took as perverse sort of duty,
that he had to fulfill even to the point of his own destruction. Perhaps
even to the point of his daughter's.

So he wasn't surprised when the words that came out of Gulandri's mouth
where not a affirmation or a concession or even an answer. He was
already edging further back behind his hiding space when the dark elf
said;

"*Giris*."

Three things happened at once. Gulandri drew his sword. The hunters,
which had been sitting perfectly still behind him, pulled their bows
from their backs and notched their arrows in one swift movement.
Selufiare smashed the back of her head into Voldemort's face, causing
him to stumble slightly. She used the subsequent slack of the hold on
her neck to grab his arm, and sink her teeth into the exposed flesh of
his hand.

Voldemort cried out in surprised pain, and turned his wand towards her.

She released him, and with a preternatural speed, she turned and
disappeared into the forest.

The hunters let their arrows fly.
