# The Wall

Life in the cottage felt rather surreal for Harry without Snape and Ira there.
It hadn't occurred to him how…*homey* it was until their absence. The
professor, while he spent much of his time cloistered in his potions lab,
appeared at least once or twice a day to eat and make sure Harry hadn't been
kidnapped or burned down the house. He had often thought of the man as
authoritarian, but there was something vaguely comforting about that.
Patriarchal, if not exactly fatherly.

Ira was a constant feminine presence, even when she hadn't technically lived
at the cottage until Harry's injury. While the domestic skills were pleasant
and helpful, it was the gentle air about her that he missed the most.

She was not like his mother, not really. His mom had always been tempestuous
and excitable; passionate about everything from her politics to her breakfast
cereal to the point Harry had often felt baffled as a child. Ira was quiet and
thoughtful, finding enjoyment where others might only find frustration. Harry
sometimes felt she was oblivious to the world, but he had overheard enough
evening conversations between her and Snape to know she thought about a great
many things, political and esoteric both. She didn't speak of these things to
Harry, he suspected, because she wanted him to feel as safe and happy in his
own home as possible and that meant the rest of the world could hang itself.

In this way, she reminded him very much of his mother.

Not that he really thought of her as his mother. It was only that he felt her
absence so keenly that made him think along those lines. Ira's mom was nice an
all, but her hectic and busy manner got on his nerves rather quickly. Snape
and Ira had always seemed to have things to do, but had never hurried
themselves while doing them, where as Susan Morgan didn't really seem to have
anything to do and yet was always in a rush.

"Are you all packed, deary?" she clucked, hovering about in his doorway. This
was third time she had asked in the last hour, so he just nodded and tried to
hide his impatience. For the time being, he was simply killing time skimming
through the animagus book Remus had given him last fall. He supposed it was
foolish to expect to be taught that mysterious art now, but he still wanted to
give the book another once over before he returned it. "Do you suppose you
have time for a cup of tea? I bought these wonderful orange and cranberry
scones from the market this morning, and it would be such a shame-"

It would have to be shame, because a knock sounded at the door, interrupting
her and her plans. Harry practically leaped for his bag, shoving the book
inside, and heading for the door. His shaman's staff leaned against the wall
beside it, his wand already placed safely inside, and he squeezed passed
Susan.

"That's my lift! I better go!"

"Are you sure you and your friend can't stay for tea?" she called, as he
disappeared down the stairs.

"Can't be late! Diplomatic affairs and all. It would be bad form!"

The fact that he was dressed as if he were going camping rather than attending
to 'diplomatic affairs' went completely ignored by both parties.

"Oh yes, you're right. Send word as soon as you know when you'll be back!"

"Yes, ma'am! Say goodbye to Mr. Morgan for me!"

Escaping to the front door, he threw it open to greet his chaperone and
paused. Tall, black, and completely bald with a gold loop in his ear, the
wizard at the door could easily have been mistaken for a muggle professional
athlete if not for his wizarding style dress, although even that seemed geared
to strenuous physical activity rather than the robes wizards typically wore.
Harry had seen many great and dangerous wizards before, but none exuded the
sort of physically robust health of this man with the exception of perhaps
Sirius and Remus.

"Mr. Potter," the man said, rather cautiously for a man who looked like he
could pop his head like a grape. Harry blinked and mentally shook himself.

"Just Harry's fine. You're…?"

"Sentinel Kinglsey Shacklebolt, at your service. Kingsley is just fine for
this trip, although in public…" he said, his previous tension fading somewhat.
Harry nodded.

"Formalities," he said with a grin, finding himself instantly liking the man
for some reason. "Speaking of which… password?"

"'You need a haircut'."

"That would be it."

"Honestly, kid, you really do."

He rolled his eyes, and walked off the stoop and into the garden, Shacklebolt
following him. The man made a cursory glance back at the cottage, clearly
curious.

"Were you expecting a mansion?" Harry asked.

"Honestly, yes, I sort of was."

That explained some of the man's previous caution. Perhaps he thought he was
going to be dealing with a rich brat who expected to be called 'Mr. Potter'.
He imagined Draco would expect that sort of respect if they were in a similar
situation.

"Despite popular perception, I'm not actually rich. I'm going to Hogwarts on
Court Scholarship, did you know that?"

"I did not. I assumed the Potter vaults-"

"Are not accessible to me. It doesn't matter. I don't need them really."

They exited the garden gate and Harry shivered a bit as they passed through
the protective wards. He always felt a moment of complete exposure after
leaving them. It passed within a few seconds and they found themselves heading
up the road towards the town.

"So," Harry continued. "What did you do to get stuck guarding 'the little rich
brat' from werewolves? Not exactly an assignment people are scrambling after,
I imagine."

The man laughed, his deep voice an earthy rumble.

"Actually, you would be surprised. You're big name around the office. A big,
scary name. Half the rookies want to *be* you."

"What a horrifying thought." He was only half joking when he said this. It
really was vaguely horrifying that anyone would want him for a role model, or
in any way duplicate his life experiences. "So why you?"

"The Dark Lord wanted a specialist for this. Just so happens I am that
specialist."

"You specialize in werewolves?"

"No, I specialized in kids."

Harry did a double take, turning to Shacklebolt. The man's expression was
rather sardonic at this point.

"I work a lot with children and teenagers who are abused or mistreated. I get
between them and whatever threatens them."

"I've never-" he started but instantly stopped and reworded his sentence, then
just had to let it die an undignified death and start anew. "Blackbone has
never hurt me."

"And the chances are he never will," the sentinel agreed. "But that's not
entirely what I'm here to protect you from. You were traumatized in the Battle
of the Berlin Underground."

Harry stiffened. "I'm fine."

"I can see that. I am also trained to see when you *aren't*."

The Gryffindor turned away, feeling stupid and naïve for assuming this man
would be a friend. His friends didn't treat him like frail child about ready
to wet himself at the slightest provocation. He wasn't weak. Stupid,
sometimes, and perhaps more sympathetic than was strictly healthy, but not
weak.

If he were, he wouldn't be going to see his godfathers at all.

"I'm not insulting you. I'm not here to be your babysitter. I am here to be
your backup," the man insisted, catching Harry's sudden withdrawal. "The Dark
Lord told me that you had already refused his assistance and since your
guardian is out of the country, he had to pick someone experienced in knowing
when you, a kid, were fine and when you were in over your head. I don't know
if it's escaped your notice, but you're not exactly visiting a bunch of old
ladies for tea and biscuits. *No one* should be going alone, let alone someone
in such a tenuous position with the Head Alpha."

Frankly, after three days with Ira's mother, he would happily choose angry
werewolves over old biddies, tea, and biscuits. In fact, he *was* choosing
werewolves. He sighed.

"You know, most kids, when they're about to do something difficult, are
supposed get words of encouragement. All I've had so far are the implications
that I'm going to die horribly or be driven insane. I'm feeling really unloved
here."

"Would you like a hug? I'm a professional hugger. They have classes to train
you for this sort of thing at the Academy."

Harry laughed, and some of the tension cleared. He wouldn't make the same
mistake of thinking of the man as his friend again, but there wasn't any
reason they had to be enemies.

"Careful, Kingsley! I've invaded countries for less!"

He was already turning away to head up the hill again, and missed the pained
expression that crossed the Sentinel's face. There was little time after that
left for talking and joking, before they reached the village floo.

---

Harry followed the path to the boundary of the werewolf territory easily,
though it was nearly invisible under the thick growth of a full, wet spring.
At some point, he stopped and stripped down only his pants, tucking his shirt
and shoes into his pack, much to Shacklebolt's curiosity. He eyed Harry's
collection of scars and tattoos thoughtfully, but asked nothing about them.
The man had been quiet since they had entered the forest, and Harry was no
longer in a chatty mood.

His previous nervousness over his reunion with his godfathers was back and
strong as ever. A secret need to hide his own uncertainty was the only thing
that kept him moving forward, and Kingsley followed his lead, less
knowledgeable about what they were to face than Harry himself. To the young
wizard, the forest was bright and warm, filled with life and memories, as
familiar as the cottage garden. To the Sentinel, however, the place was too
silent, haunted by unseen things living and not. There was constantly a shadow
or movement just out of the corner of his eye that disappeared the second he
turned to look more closely.

"This place is strange."

Harry glanced back at him and smiled mysteriously.

"It probably feels the same way about you. Come, it's not much further."

A few minutes later they came to the boundary, a glowing green line that
seemed to come from above and below simultaneously. Harry paused at its edge,
looking around briefly for a moment. He reached out timidly for the barrier
and sighed in relief as his hand passed through it easily.

"Permission to bring a guest?" he called out, seemingly to no one.

Kingsley wand jumped to his hand as a man suddenly stood, covered in a blanket
of grass and foliage that had rendered him all but invisible without an ounce
of magic. Harry didn't even have to turn his head. He had known he was there
from the start.

"What guest then, Twilight Seeker?" the man called. "Not the Black Eel then?"

The Black Eel was the rather unfortunate name given Snape, and Harry rather
hoped his guardian wasn't aware of that fact.

"Sentinel Kingsley Shacklebolt, friend and protector! I'll vouch for him!"

The man thought for a moment, but quickly enough gestured for him to enter.
Two more figures appeared on the path, startling Shacklebolt a second time.
Once again, Harry did not seem alarmed by their sudden appearance.

"Jumpy fellow, isn't he?" one of the figures, a young woman dressed in a dark
green tunic. Her sister, dressed similarly in reddish brown, just smiled.
"Welcome, stranger. And welcome back, brother! It's been too long."

Both women hugged him tightly, and a part of Harry uncoiled in their arms. He
had been afraid, so incredibly afraid that he would be rejected when he
returned, treated as some sort of stranger that he had resigned and steeled
himself to it. Now… at least part of him could relax.

"You both look wonderful, Winterhare, Fleetfoot. Have you both taken up
archery? You're about ready to break my ribs."

They both giggled and let go.

"Noticed, have you?" Winterhare said, showing off the strong, lean muscle of
her arms. "Blackbone's got all the womenfolk taking it up. Says he doesn't
like how vulnerable we are to aerial attacks. Fleetfoot's the best shot in the
clan. She can shoot a running hare at fifty paces, *while* runningherself."

"Come by my cabin later and I'll give you a lesson or two. You must be
*completely* out of practice since we last saw you."

He smiled ruefully at them. He had not seen them since the last summer
festival, during which time they were not a part of the Goddess Clan colony
(lucky for them or else they would probably not be alive to tease him here).
It was a bittersweet thought.

"I'll take you up on that if I can. How are my godfathers?"

Their smiles faltered somewhat, but Winterhare plowed through the question
easily enough.

"They'll be much happier having seen you up and about. You look wonderful! Now
hurry up. Blackbone will have our hides if we hold you up any longer."

Harry nodded, and looked around for a second. "Where did Rubin go?"

"On ahead most like, to tell Blackbone you're here. Come on. You too,
handsome."

Shacklebolt gave them a big, white smile and that sent them both giggling as
they scampered off down the trail. Harry followed more sedately, giving his
bodyguard time to look around and to gather his nerve. A lot had happened
since he was last here, and he had no idea what or how things had changed.
Sirius had still been in the infancy of his rule as Head Alpha, the shrine to
Greyback and the slain had been erected, and the village had just moved North
with new members before Harry had fallen under possession and led over a
hundred werewolves to be slaughtered. He knew almost nothing about what had
happened since then.

The first inkling that things were different came as they entered the sacred
burial site and shrine. It was of course somewhat different than Harry
remembered, after a healthy spring growth had settled over the burial mounds,
giving the shrine a settled look. Large stone slabs, cut and polished, rested
atop the graves, covering them completely. Upon each grave marker was engraved
a series of names and a moon, each one at a different phase. He hadn't
realized until know that there were twenty-eight graves, one for each day of
the lunar cycle. It didn't surprise him that Greyback's held the full moon.

The site was meticulously clean and there was a veritable garden of flowers
around every grave and small offerings of food and drink and even a few
handmade children's toys, but to Harry's pagan mind there was something off
about it all. He stood staring at the graves for several minutes before he
realized what it was.

"There are no weapons," he noted. "No animal sacrifices either. Not even a
hare."

"And that's bad?" Shacklebolt asked, very quietly, sensing this was a sacred
place.

"These are a people of the hunt. There should be offerings of flesh as well as
offerings of grain," he explained, unsure what to make of it. There was
nothing disrespectful in the offerings, they were neither cheap nor pithy, but
it all somehow seemed incomplete. He thought to ask the other girls, but they
were too far ahead and he refused to raise his voice in this place to call
them back. The questions could wait.

After leaving the burial site, a slow rise in activity began to occur around
them. A man cleaned and tanned hides a few yards from the trail, while a boy
gathered the scrapings of fat into jars to make soap. Small groups of women
and children weeded through the underbrush, weeding up mushrooms, roots,
flowers, and anything else that could be harvested for food or sale. From far
above they heard the whistle of look outs, marking their passage as they
passed beneath them, though neither Harry nor Shacklebolt could determine
where exactly they were hiding amongst the thick foliage.

None of this was strange to Harry except perhaps the tree-top lookouts, and
even that was not out of character. Several people stopped or looked up as
Harry passed to give him a respectful nod or a wave before returning to their
work, as if nothing had changed at all since his last visit.

The illusion could not last long.

They reached the crest of the hill that flattened out into the village and
Harry froze at the sight that greeted him. Beside him Shacklebolt also
stopped, gaping.

"I take it this wasn't here last time?"

"No… I should think not…."

For standing before them was not the huddle of wooden lodges and temporary
huts nestled between trees like he was used to, but instead… well, he wasn't
sure *what* it was. At the moment, it didn't appear to be anything but a great
big mess. A great stretch of forest had been cleared away and leveled, the
timber used to create several platforms around which massive stone blocks,
each as long Harry was tall and several feet in height, laid out in a half
completed wall. Dozens of men and women, some with wands and some without,
were stripped down to the bare essentials as they hauled and magicked the
stone blocks from the other side onto the wall itself and fixed it in place.
Priestesses followed afterwards, painting the newly placed stone with a series
of symbols in what Harry suspected was blood (or some sort of blood mixture).
They appeared to do this for every block that was laid, and he had to marvel
at the notion as the wall, while only about six feet tall and obviously not
complete, stretched in either direction as far as Harry could see.

Cautiously, Harry made his way down the path to the small door that had been
left in the wall. As he passed through it, his entire body broke out into
shivers as strange magic poured over him like icy rain against naked flesh,
clean and deadly cold. Shacklebolt caught him, confused by his reaction.

"They're turning the entire wall into a keystone," he said faintly. He had a
sudden flash of insight, a question and an answer that sprung up like an
epiphany. "Like Hogwarts."

It had never occurred to him before to ask what it was that made Hogwarts so
magical, even in comparison to so many other magical places in the world. He
had always assumed it was simply the amount of magic that had been performed
inside of it and expended on it over the centuries and to a certain extent
that was the case. But there were many places where magic was performed
constantly over the centuries and yet still could not compare, including
schools and universities that had been around almost as long as or even longer
than Hogwarts itself. What set Hogwarts apart, he now realized, was that from
the very moment of construction, the castle had been *designed* to absorb
magic. Just as the wall was designed to do now.

Harry felt dizzy at the realization, unable to determine what it might mean or
even *why* it was being done.

"Magnificent, isn't it?" called a familiar voice. Harry's mind jumped quickly
into focus as his gaze found Remus sitting atop a great pile of timbers, his
wand in one hand and a canteen in another. He was stripped down as much as the
other workers, and though he was at least ten years older than most of them,
his body was still strong and powerful beneath the grim of dirt and sweat.

Harry could only blink dumbly, first at his godfather and then at the… great
monstrosity that was currently cutting the forest in half. Remus smiled
tiredly and climbed down from his resting place, calling out to another
werewolf to keep track of the progress.

"It'll be *years* before it's completed at this rate, decades even," he said,
"but it keeps everyone busy and out of trouble. It'll be a magical wonder if
we ever finish it. How are you, Harry?"

And just like with Winterhare and Fleetfoot, Harry felt the disorientation at
finding himself treated normally in a completely abnormal situation once
again. If he didn't get fix on things soon, he wasn't going to be able to walk
in a straight line let alone take care of business.

"I…I'm fine. How are you?"

He flinched at how stupid that sounded, but Remus just smiled and ruffled his
hair before turning to Shacklebolt.

"Kingsley Shacklebolt, you little rascal. I though you were dead for sure."

The wizard grinned back at him, and shook his hand in greeting.

"It's been awhile, hasn't it? I wouldn't have recognized you without those
scars."

"You know each other?" Harry asked.

"Kingsley's father was an instructor at the Academy of Aurors, and the little
bugger used to think he owned the damn place. I hadn't seen him since he was
about your age."

"Yeah, and I was still bigger than you, Mr. Twig. Looks like country living
did you some good."

Remus smiled for a moment longer, before his expression faded into something
more serious.

"It is good to see you, Kingsley, but I'm going to warn you in advance, Sirius
is not likely to be as happy. He's a man with a lot of responsibilities, a lot
of burdens, and that's all but killed his sense of humor. You have a job to
do, and you do it, but do it respectfully. Do not look him directly in the
eyes, do not speak unless spoken to and keep your words short and to the
point, do not joke or tease at any werewolf's expense, and do not *ever* point
your wand at him or me. Break any of these rules and I cannot guarantee he
won't kill you."

The Sentinel's pleasant smile faded throughout the Head Beta's warning, until
his entire expression faded into something cold and blank. Harry, who was
feeling an upwelling of dread at those words, could not help but marvel at it.

Remus turned to Harry, and the young wizard tensed.

"You're an honorary werewolf and member of our clan, so you have considerably
more leeway. Just be respectful until you've had time to feel each other out.
He's been anxious about your arrival, so he might come off as a bit snappish,
but… he's still your godfather."

He couldn't help but wonder if that was true. How much had Sirius changed? How
much of it was because of these awful events that Harry himself had brought
about? Everyone was so anxious, especially Remus, even though he tried to hide
it.

"Yeah… is he waiting now?"

"I think he's terrorizing the alpha of the Sheppard Clan, so we might as well
go and rescue him," he said, a bit of honest humor leaking into his voice.
Remus turned and lead them through the unfamiliar surroundings. On this side
of the wall, the new colony could be seen, though it too was not what Harry
would have expected.

The Goddess clan colony had always seemed vaguely transient, as if at any
moment the entire thing could be disassembled and moved or abandoned
altogether. The buildings themselves, while comfortable and functional, had
been secondary to the everyday survival of the pack. Now, however, the lodge
houses (more than he remembered, perhaps because extra werewolves had been
brought in to build the wall) were all built on heavy stone foundations and
decorated ornately in carvings of forest creatures on the heavy doors and
exterior support beams. Behind each lodge there were large vegetable gardens,
which Harry had never seen so close to the settlement, although know that the
trees had been thinned around them there was plenty of sunlight to do so.
Additionally, there appeared to be shops or rather work sheds, where various
craftsmen practiced their art in the shelter of rough wooden and thatch
buildings, where before they had almost always worked in the open air or not
at all.

It occurred to Harry that he was seeing the development of the Goddess clan
from a chieftain society to something closer to a feudal one.

"Sheppard clan? I don't think I've ever heard of them," Harry said
distractedly, looking around curiously at this strange new world.

"Technically, they're called the Ovindell Clan, but no one really calls them
that. They're new, most of them foreign. They're in charge of some grazing
land up in Northern Ireland that the Dark Lord signed over a few months ago,
and they were supposed to be ready to take on some sheep by now but there have
been delays."

"Attacks?" he asked, cautiously. It was unlikely that such a thing would go
unnoticed in the newspapers, but lately there had been a lot of focus on the
attacks in London and the larger cities that perhaps an attack on a tiny
little field in the middle of nowhere might simply be ignored.

"Only on each other. The alpha there was a farmer and has some sheep raising
experience and he's strong enough for the role, but his English is bad and the
English speaking werewolves resent him. There's been in-fighting and sabotage
between the English and the German speaking werewolves almost from the
beginning. Sirius will have them sorted out in no time."

They passed through the main part of the village, bustling with activity and
found their way to the natural clearing where previously summer solstice
feasts and bonfire had been held. There was another wooden building, this one
different from the lodges, but familiar to Harry. It was a large circular
building with a thatch roof, and series of flags that he though must symbolize
each of the werewolf clans. It reminded him a great deal of the structure he
had built in the first year of Celtic Studies under Brennan's tutelage. It
also held that transient look that Harry thought quite curious for a something
that was rather like the seat of government.

A pair of female archers was sitting on the roof, scanning the trees idly for
any sign of attack, while another pair of males with spears and knives stood
at the entryway. Otherwise, the field was empty, and felt strangely lonely.

As they drew nearer, Harry could make out the sounds of shouting and snarling,
and his hands tightened around his staff. Remus did not seem concerned,
however, and had him wait outside with Shacklebolt while he went in to
announce their arrival. There was a sudden deafening silence, and then another
series of angry snarling. A moment later, several men scrambled out of the
round house, bruised, bloodied, and cowed.

One of the men caught sight of him and froze, causing several others to run
into him. Harry was startled to recognize the man… sort of. He had been in
Volpes-Wulf, a hunter of some kind. The man stared at him, horrified, before
quickly hurrying away. A few others looked as well, and shied away upon
recognizing him, their eyes cast downward as they scurried away.

The tension that had gradually been fading away, returned in force. No one had
forgotten about Berlin. Remus and the rest of the Goddess Clan were doing a
fine job of pretending they had, but it was all a ruse. Those werewolves
remembered, and they were terrified.

"Come in, Harry," Remus called, startling him.

There was no door to the round house, but the inside was dark and ominously
silent. Shacklebolt went in first, and Harry followed reluctantly after.

The inside of the round house was structurally the same as the Celtic round
house he remembered, with a large fire pit in the middle (currently unlit),
and wooden floor circling around it. There were windows too, but they were all
closed so that the only illumination came from the open doorway. In the paltry
light, Harry could see the shape of low lying furniture, lounging pillows,
chests, and a myriad of instruments too small or slender to make out in the
deep shadows.

It wasn't just a meeting place, Harry realized, it was a den.

"Harry."

He jumped and then with the quickest of Seeker's reflexes, his hand snapped
out to catch Shacklebolt's wrist before he could even lift his wand. Both
wizards looked at each other, startled by his move and a deep, mirthless laugh
rumbled through the darkness.

"It's good to see you're as quick as ever. I'm glad. I should have felt bad at
killing Kingsley, even if he is a government lapdog now."

Sirius was suddenly at Harry's side, his movements so quiet and seamless, he
may as well have been a passing shadow in the gloom. The young wizard
stiffened, feeling keenly his disadvantage where he had hoped desperately that
no advantage would have been needed.

"Sir-"

Fingers pressed against side of his back, and he stiffened, confused and
frightened.

"This is new," the Head Alpha said evenly, studying the scar where Oblitz's
knife had pierced with his fingertips. "Berlin?"

"Yes," he blurted, fear rising and the hatred of himself for feeling it.

The fingers moved unerringly to Harry's arm where the shadow wolf had bitten.
The scars there were faint, imperceptible to touch, and he wondered how the
other man could possibly find them so easily in the dark.

"These too. And more, I suspect. So many scars, Harry, and all of them deep."

He pulled away sharply, stepping back, immediately defensive, but Sirius had
already turned from him and was looking at his bodyguard, whose wand was out
and ready even if it was still pointed at the ground. His eyes were starting
to adjust to the low light, just enough to make out his godfather's form.
Sirius was dressed only in a pair of black pants riding low on his hips, his
posture quietly aggressive and loose with masculine confidence. He regarded
the sentinel coldly, but without anxiety, as if certain he could destroy the
man without effort. Perhaps in this place he could.

To Shacklebolt's credit, he did not flinch or fold under that dominating aura.
He kept his gaze down, avoiding the werewolf's eyes as etiquette dictated, but
also watching his torso for signs of an imminent attack. Sirius assessed him
silently for an uncomfortable amount of time, waiting for signs of weakness.
When none presented themselves he smirked.

"I would have thought you would be locked in Azkaban by now or fighting me for
my position amongst the werewolves. Your career choice borders on the ironic.
Was it not the Dark Lord's minions that killed your father?"

Harry, who generally faced fear with aggression, was quickly becoming
aggravated with Sirius and ready to start his own pissing contest, but Remus
had swooped in and led him away from the two, whispering in his ear.

"Stay out of it. It has nothing to do with you."

Harry didn't agree, but Remus seemed to have a better understanding of his
Head Alpha's craziness than he did and he would have to trust him.

"They did," Shacklebolt agreed. "And I would gladly see them all burned at the
stake for it."

"And yet I don't smell any burning flesh."

"I don't see you leading any rebellions yourself. You sold your own men to the
man who imprisoned you in the first place."

"Don't play stupid, Kinglsey. Provoke me and I'll tear your damn head off.
What are you doing here?"

"I was assigned to protect Mr. Potter."

"That is *my* job."

"Smash up job you're doing too."

Two things happened simultaneously. One, Remus wrapped an arm around Harry's
chest and held fast, and two, Sirius suddenly lashed out and kicked
Shacklebolt in the stomach, sending him flying across the room.

"Sirius! No!" Harry shouted, and tried to move, but Remus did not loosen his
hold and he was trapped. Remus had *known* this was going to happen.

Shacklebolt landed on his back, the wind knocked out of him. Sirius took the
opportunity to try and kick his wand out of his hand, but the Sentinel caught
his foot and kicked his leg out from under him. He rolled gracefully to his
feet and raised his wand.

"*Stu-*"

Sirius, still on the ground, rolled, knocking his opponent over again. They
wrestled and rolled on the floor for a few minutes, exchanging punches and
kicks after Shacklebolt had lost his wand. Shacklebolt was bigger than Sirius,
but the Head Alpha was stronger, *much *stronger, and it didn't take long
before he had him pin, one arm pulled painfully behind his back. Harry was
having his own wrestling match with Remus, but it too was embarrassingly one
sided once his staff had pulled out of his arm.

"Yield," Sirius snarled.

"What the fuck is wrong with you, man?"

Displeased with that response, he pulled sharply on the Sentinel's bound arm.
There was a loud *pop*, followed by a pained grunt as the shoulder was
dislocated.

"*Yield*."

"Fine! Jesus, I yield! Now, get the hell off me!"

He released his captive and backed away, allowing him to struggle painfully to
his feel. His right arm hung uselessly at his side, and there was a cut above
his eye. He was probably injured elsewhere, but it was impossible to see.
Sirius' nose was bleeding, but aside from that he looked no more affected than
if he had simply rolled out of bed. He swept back his messy tangle of hair and
tied it there, seeming to ignore his defeated rival completely now.

"Welcome to the Goddess Colony, Kingsley," he said with mocking cheer. "I hope
you enjoy your stay. Ask one of my guards to get you something for your
shoulder on your way out. Go."

Shacklebolt, humiliated and in pain, was still not quite defeated. He tossed
his head towards Harry, who had finally been released and seething with his
own righteous indignation.

"I have orders-"

Sirius barked out a laugh, harsh and cruel.

"Yes, well, I think we've established that if I meant my godson any harm *you*
would not be able to do much about it. Now get out before I rip that arm out
completely and beat you with it."

Still, the man hesitated, but Harry could see there was no winning this.

"Just go," he insisted. "I'll be fine."

There was enough tension in the room that you could not only cut it with a
knife, but possibly carve the Statue of David if you had the talent, but when
the Sentinel looked to Harry there was no fear and nothing to justify his
continued presence after such a thorough defeat. He hunted down his wand and
left.

"About time," Sirius muttered after he was gone, his voice jumping from harsh
and biting to exasperated amusement like… well, a crazy person. "I thought
we'd never get rid of him. He's as bad as he ever was. Open the windows will
you, Remy? It's bloody dark in here."

Harry stood stupidly, as his godfathers went about opening the windows,
letting the morning sun filter inside. In the light, the little house was not
nearly so ominous, and frankly looked rather warm and extravagant. The
furniture he had seen was all in a sort of oriental style in lacquered red
wood and gold fixtures, oriental rugs and overstuffed pillows, and rich
tapestries between which a fiery red Irish Salamander (a sort of wingless
dragon) slithered, chasing a group of harried looking hunters. There was a low
writing desk where several pieces of parchment and newspapers rested
haphazardly, and beside it Harry was curious to note an owl stand.

"Are you thirsty?" Sirius asked, casually. "It's been god awful hot for this
early in the summer."

Harry just blinked at him.

"What the fuck?" he blurted.

"Watch your language, young man," Remus admonished, but Harry didn't hear him.

"What the *bloody* fuck?"

"That's much better," Sirius said, grinning. Harry wasn't amused in the least.

"What was that?" he shouted, pointing at the door Shacklebolt had fled
through. Both werewolves shrugged as if it were unimportant.

"A demonstration. A performance. They all think I'm a psychotic lunatic."

"'They' being who? Sane people?"

"Such people exist? I have to say I had all but given up hope."

Sirius was looking rather pleased with himself, which would normally have
Harry smiling. He was starting to feel that urge now, but was thoroughly
beating that impulse down before he was infected with their insanity. Instead,
he scowled mutinously at the both of them. They both turned to each other and
grinned.

"You look just like your mother when you do that," Remus remarked.

"I am armed and annoyed."

"She used to say that too."

Sirius handed him a glass of water and hauled him over to the nearby pile of
pillows. He plopped himself down, while Remus stood at the nearby window
looking between them both. Sirius gestured for him to sit, which Harry
ignored.

"What is going on? First the burial shrine is… *off*, then there's a giant
wall in the middle of the forest, and then you break my bodyguard's arm as
some kind of practical joke?"

"Harry-"

"Let's not even mention the whole forgetting I exist for six months followed
by a *summons* of all things, and when I do get here, *after* the
aforementioned weirdness, you want to act like everything's just marvelous?
No, Sirius. No freak'n way."

"Sit down, Harry," Sirius said calmly, as if he was being the rational one in
this situation. The young wizard crossed his arms and glared at him
stubbornly. Sirius' eyes hardened at his defiance. "*Sit."*

And Harry immediately did, stiffly, and some distance away from the alpha.
Sirius closed his eyes and sighed.

"I understand that you're confused. These are confusing times. We are both
changing. Our worlds are both changing. What happened last year… should never
have happened."

Harry looked away.

"I am ashamed of myself."

He looked backed up, stunned, for those were his words and yet he had not been
the one to speak them. Sirius was looking down at the floor, perhaps gathering
his thoughts or simply waiting for Harry's response.

"Why? You didn't do anything to be ashamed of. You didn't… you didn't…"

Sirius looked back at up at him.

"You should never have been involved. I made you a diplomat and a soldier,
when the most that should have been expected of you was to attend school and I
deprived you of even that. I saw you as an adult, as a resource I could haggle
over with the Dark Lord, when I should have thought of you as my child, in
need of guidance and protection. My actions have caused both you and my
werewolves great harm."

Harry slammed down his glass of water.

"Is that what you think? That you sent a child to do a man's job? That I was
too young and stupid to know any better?" Harry bit out. "Don't you get it? I
could have done what you wanted me to. I was already doing it. I was doing
just fine! You didn't give me anything I couldn't handle. But the Du'on nadi…
that was my fault. That was completely my fault. I knew it wasn't safe. I
*knew* it and still I… Those people all died because… It all went to hell
because I did something so unbelievably stupid! Whether I was a kid or an
adult it was still incredibly-"

Remus' arms wrapped around him from behind, this time to comfort rather than
restrain, holding his tightly as Harry's vision began to blur with unshed
tears. He choked on a sob, and hid behind his hand so neither man could see
them fall.

"Harry, Harry, ssshhh… It wasn't your fault. It was a trick. We all made
mistakes, and they took advantage of that. It wasn't your fault," he whispered
softly, running a hand through Harry's hair. Remus took his wrist to pull the
hand he hid behind away, but he wouldn't let him, refusing to look, refusing
to seen Sirius' recrimination. But the hand around his wrist was not Remus',
and it would not let any defiance persist.

"I know about the Du'on nadi," Sirius said, staring down at him. "I know, and
for that too, I am ashamed. You were grieving and you were scared. We *made
*you scared. Scared to show weakness, scared of the future, scared of failing.
You needed to feel safe, and I was too overwhelmed at the time to see it. Jane
gave you that drug, tricked you-"

"No, she-"

"*Yes,* she did. I know. She did it on Greyback's behest. She is precognitive.
There was no ways she could not have seen what would come to pass."

Harry's eyes widened, staring up at Sirius, looking for the lie, for the
attempt to alleviate the guilt of sin out of love and compassion, but found a
dark, deep rage instead.

"I overlooked it. I didn't recognize the signs," he continued, his voice
deepening with anger. "She was running her own damn little conspiracy right
under my nose, and *let* her. I *trusted* her. That was a stupid mistake,
Harry. The beginning of this entire fucking mess."

Calloused fingers brushed away the tears and led him over to the pillows,
setting him down again. All three adjusted themselves until they were
comfortably reclined, following the routine of those days and those nights
they would gather in each others company and discuss the trivial and the
divine with equal irreverence. They spoke in hushed tones of the events that
had led to the Battle of the Berlin Underground as they each had experienced
them, of decisions made in arrogance and ignorance and forces beyond their
reckoning that had pulled them into a tide some called destiny and Sirius
called 'the Divine Fuck-You'.

And then they were silent for a long time, longer than it took to tell their
versions of the entire misbegotten tale. The sun rose higher and the round
house grew warmer. Outside the air hung thick with humidity and constant drone
of insects. Above them the support beams creaked as the archers on the roof
moved about. It would have been nothing to simply drift, to neither think nor
remember, and fall into the spell of summer.

But they did not fall asleep and they did not forget what they had heard.
Instead, they let the words come together into meaning and meaning into
knowledge, and slowly they took that knowledge into them, carefully fitting it
into place so that it settled firmly into the psyche. It stirred up the dust.
Anguish, anger, despair, and self-hatred lingered in the aftermath of the
mental shifting, but that too would settle eventually.

"Why did you wait till now to contact me? I thought you had blamed me," Harry
finally asked softly, finally breaking the silence.

"…Strangely enough, I thought the same thing. I was quite certain you wouldn't
want to have anything to do with me or the other werewolves after what had
happened. Moony said I was being a coward-"

"And you were," his beta said, irritated as he had always been with the
subject.

"-and I was, so I kept making excuses. You were still in the hospital, you
were too weak to travel, you were busy catching up with your classes, so on
and so forth. Then I ran out of excuses."

"And the 'summons'? Cause, yeah, not the best way to say 'hi'."

"Sorry about that. I was still a bit edgy. I didn't know how you'd respond. I
hadn't exactly received any word from you either."

Remus kicked him in the side.

"Hey! Besides, Lord Pain-in-my-ass seems to think I've turned into Greyback. I
find this quite amusing and somewhat beneficial, so I figured I'd keep him
thinking that. If he asks, you are my reluctant minion and heir apparent. Be
prepared for gross over protection followed by public antagonism."

"I think I can handle it," Harry said, a sardonic smile touching his
expression before moving on to something more serous. "What are you doing
anyway? With the wall and the breaking Shacklebolt's arm- which was seriously
uncool, by the way."

"I didn't break his arm. I dislocated it. He'll be fine. Besides, I find its
best to remind wizards, early and often, that they aren't the bosses around
here. Plus it gave me an excuse to talk to you in private. I don't want anyone
knowing I think of you as any more important than any other werewolf. It's
safer for us both if they don't. Do you understand?"

"Yeah, I get it. And the wall?"

"Something I've had to come up with to keep everyone busy. We've got too many
people and not enough work for all of them. It makes them restless, especially
the ones who want to be out fighting. I rotate all the clans for a week every
six weeks to work on it. Anyone they can spare, including the clan alpha.
Helps me figure out when and where there are problems, and to iron them out
without having to travel all the bloody time."

"It's an awfully… *magical* wall for just being busy work."

"Moony's idea."

Harry turned to Remus who was looking rather pleased that his godson had
noticed his pet project was special.

"It's an experiment," he said, "I've wanted to try it for a while now, but I
never thought it would be on this scale."

"It kind of reminds me of Hogwarts," he said, offhandedly, hoping he had
guessed right.

"In a way, yes, it's being built with some of the same techniques, but really
I'm looking more at a 'Forbidden Forest' sort of thing."

"How's that? Last I checked there weren't any walls in the Forbidden Forest."

"Actually, there is. Or there was. There used to be an ancient wall around the
forest to keep the Fae trapped inside. The Druid priests would take the bodies
of men slain in battle, drape them over the walls, and perform rituals.
Hundreds of men at a time. Thousands over of the centuries, their bones all
resting on the edge of the forest."

"They never mentioned that in Hogwarts: A History." Harry said, trying not to
think too deeply about the macabre sight it must have been. "So what happened
to the wall?"

"It disappeared right around the time Hogwart's was built. I think we can both
guess what happened to it."

Harry gaped at him. "Are you serious? That's…ghoulish!"

"It's only a theory. Some still insist the wall was never really a physical
wall, just a symbolic name. There are only two or three references to it in
writing, and all of it by Romans and they could have been referring to another
wall altogether. The only real evidence that it might have ever existed is the
Forbidden Forest itself, which has neither grown nor shrunk from its borders
in recorded history. It's been the same size for over a thousand years. That
takes a powerful sort of magic and that magic needs an anchor."

"So I'm going to school built out of sacrificial altars. Marvelous. I hope
you're not trying the *exact* same thing."

"No, of course not. The wall around the Forbidden Forest, if it did exist,
would only have made up a small fraction of the castle. Perhaps only the
foundation or ground up to make the mortar. The magic soaked stones, however,
are probably what inspired the Founders to imbue the castle with blood magic.
I'm using their technique, only to make another wall."

"And that will make your land like the Forbidden Forest?" Harry asked
doubtfully, wondering why either of them when even *want* to live in someplace
like the Forbidden Forest. It wasn't exactly the friendliest of environments.

"Well, not exactly. The Forbidden Forest is the way it is because there are so
many Fae inside of it. I have no way of knowing exactly what our own forest
will look like being run by werewolves. It might be centuries before there are
any significant changes. My primary interest is to see if this wall we made
will create the same sort of sanctuary as the other. Like I said before, the
Forbidden Forest hasn't grown, but it hasn't diminished either. Witches and
wizards rarely go into it, and no one ever tries, at least not successfully,
to cut it down. Imagine if we could make a place like that for werewolves? A
sanctuary that, no matter how bad things get with the wizards, will always be
safe from them? It would be quite remarkable if we succeed.."

Harry and Remus talked a great deal more about the wall and the Forbidden
Forest and Hogwarts, exchanging theories and unanswerable questions. It seemed
the beta had been waiting for someone to talk to about all of this because
once he started he could barely contain himself. He was grinning and excitedly
moving his hands around, like Hermione when she discovered something
'fascinating'. Harry found it strangely endearing. Sirius found it boring as
hell, and took a brief nap during their entire discussion.

Finally, Harry ran out of interest and Remus ran out of steam and they kicked
Sirius awake to continue their conversation on something else.

"Why isn't there any blood sacrifices on the shrine? Or weapons?" Harry asked,
because that was still bothering him for some reason. Sirius frowned, and his
godson wondered if it wasn't a sensitive subject.

"I've banned it. Greyback's power is strengthened by the sacrifices, and the
nature of his strength changes according to what sort of sacrifices he
receives. I am not going to allow another incident like before, but I wouldn't
keep anyone from paying their respects. This was the compromise."

"The shamans must be furious with you," Harry said knowingly. He did not have
much to do with the other shamans, but he knew a little from what Luna had
told him and if he had felt even a little disturbed by what he had seen he
couldn't imagine what they were feeling.

Sirius smirked.

"That they are. But it's just like with Kingsley. They need to know whose
boss, and it isn't the one with the most magic."

"You have just as much magic as they do," Harry pointed out. Sirius was a
wizard as well as a werewolf, after all, although he often seemed to forget
that. His position as Head Alpha also came with its own sort of magic that was
less easily categorized, and Harry did not really understand.

"But less than Jane, and she's terrified of me."

He didn't know how to respond to that. It seemed incredibly strange to him
that his godfather would be bullying a goddess, even one trapped in the body
of a little girl. Especially one trapped in the body of a little girl. Even if
she was a manipulative little bitch.

"Is she here?" he asked instead.

"She's around. I keep her close to watch for her tricks and to work on the
wall, but you probably won't see her. She's out of favor with the packs and
she knows it."

"And Luna?" Because he hadn't seen her, but he couldn't imagine her abandoning
her goddess.

"Her you probably will see. Just not with Kingsley around. She is aware there
will be consequences if Voldemort knows you saw each other."

Harry sat up. Once he left the round house, Shacklebolt would likely attach
himself to his side once again and he had no way of knowing how or when he
would be able to get away to find Luna. Sirius and Remus shared a knowing
look.

"Get out of here, pup. She'll know you're here and find you quick enough."

"Leave your things. I'll take care of them," Remus said as Harry scrambled up
and towards the door. "Come back here in two hours for dinner, and then you're
turning in early for the night. You have lessons in the morning and you'll
need-."

"Stop nagging the boy, Remy."

"Lessons?" Harry asked.

"Don't tell us you forgot already?" Sirius laughed. It took a moment to figure
out what his godfathers were talking about. He couldn't help but grin. As
awful and exhausting as their initial conversation had been, now that it was
over he was feeling light and something close to giddy. Later, he might think
back on what was said and it would weigh on him again as it had over the last
six months, but for now the world was… not exactly great, but a lot better
than he had thought.

He would enjoy it while it lasted.

~ Author's note~

[^113-1]: Faerie rings are seen visibly as a ring of large mushrooms (toadstools),
and to step into one is to step into the faerie realm. There are legends that
men who have stepped into one and then left, felt as if only a brief time had
passed and yet after they had left found years or even centuries had gone by.
