# Everything Changes I

Auror Commander Mandalari was a man of moderation. Too much of anything,
good or bad, always led to disaster as far as he was concerned. Which
was why after almost three months stationed in London, pillaging the
heathen city with barely so much as a wrist slap from the Dark Lord's
supposedly formidable army, he was feeling anxious and his fellow
soldiers were like-wise uneasy. The battle of York had been more than
bad luck. The ease with which their forces had been dispatched, by a
single wizard no less (albeit one of the servants of the Dark One), had
brought a sudden and stark realization to him and his comrades.

They had taken London, and they remained there, because that was exactly
where the Dark Lord wanted them. Even discounting York, their handful of
attempts to attack other cities had gone poorly, and they had been
unable to do more than cause some property damage and kill a handful of
civilians and soldiers, and always at a price. A price their captured
city had not been able to pay.

London had been a strategically sound attack point for a number of
reasons. It was the center of government, art, education, etc. and its
loss should have thrown the country into chaos and destroyed British
morale. The overwhelming wealth of the city should also have financed
the invasion and the continuing battles for decades. Their attack,
however, had been pre-empted, and much of the wealth and governmental
infrastructure had been moved from the city. The universities had been
closed that spring, the museums and libraries emptied or else made
impenetrable, the government offices spread to different cities across
the country. What wealth remained was found in the private dwellings of
the city's more affluent neighborhoods, but extracting valuables from
these places required specialized training and time, making their
earnings moderate at best. They had been so pleased with ease of their
victory at the beginning that it had taken them several weeks to realize
their great triumph was only a mediocre one.

It was painful to accept, and some still had not. Mandalari had accepted
it as a devil's trick, and fortified his spirit against what was to
come. He was a veteran, old enough to remember Grindelwald and the
sacrifices that had been made to keep him from gaining a foothold in the
motherland. Raised in this place, this new, stronger, subtler evil
stretched its hand across Europe to continue where his predecessor had
failed. Britain would have to be destroyed; the pagan taint that
permeated it wiped clean with prayer, fire, and iron will. If they did
not, the ungodly magics and teachings would spread and corrupt the
people.

It had been a long time coming. England, Scotland, and Wales had always
been resistant to the spread of Catholicism, and the quickest to throw
it off with their heretical Church of England. The Irish remained
stubbornly steadfast in their faith, but they were surrounded on all
sides and at all times by the fiendish fairy folk and always on the cusp
of falling, having neither the strength nor will to do away with their
eldritch neighbors altogether. It was no surprise to Mandalari or anyone
else that the wellspring of this evil should spring from these ancient
shores. They had been the final hiding place for Old Ways after all[^119-1].

This was their final great battle against the Old Ways, and nothing less
than their souls were at stake here. While Germany, France, and all the
others worried about borders and sovereignty, the wizards and witches of
Italy saw the greater scheme. Germany had kicked the hornet's nest, but
it was merely an excuse the Dark Lord had been waiting for. Any fool
could see the creature had been prepared, had been biding his time and
building his strength, while Europe buried its head in the sand and
waited for it all to just go away. Already the corruption was spreading
across the Continent, the people quivering in fear or adoration and all
of it feeding the power of the foulest conjurer of their age.

London had been a baited trap, a diversion, but Mandalari was not
stupid. They could not linger for much longer. Any true progress had to
be made outside the capitol city, in places of legitimate strategy and
of magical corruption. They would find the ancient places, the places of
power that the Dark Lord coveted, and that tainted the world, and they
would destroy them and with them the source of his strength.

Mandalari moved through the rubble to the former Ministry building. The
structure had been sealed after the destruction of the former Ministry
of Magic, and the Italian Aurors had been making use of it, finding it a
fitting new base of operation. There were ghosts in the building,
spirits of former office workers and Aurors, who welcomed them there
with a ghostly spite against their mutual enemies or else kept their
distance and their silence. The entire building was gradually falling
into a grandiose dilapidation, the magic used to support it neglected
for fifteen years, and the elements very slowly making their way into
the walls. The portraits hanging throughout were faded, and the subjects
were sluggish and bleary eyed, rarely moving from their respective
frame. The charmed windows in the levels below overlooked a sunny harbor
somewhere in Cornwall, everyday, twenty four hours a day and played
havoc with everyone's sense of time. The architecture was still sound
though, and the columns and arches and marble stairwells and gilded
lamps still maintained their splendor, albeit under a fine layer of
dust. One of the other soldiers had managed to get the fountain in the
courtyard working, and the soft sound of splashing water made the place
seem almost lively at times. Someone else had placed crucifixes around
the necks of the witch and the wizard statues, and something about that
cheered Mandalari up whenever he saw it.

God was on their side. Of that, he was absolutely certain.

He passed through the courtyard and into the building's internal
offices. There were several that had built in anti-spying wards and he
was happy to make use of them. Mandalari was the last to arrive, but no
one dared scold his tardiness. He was a busy man and a respected man. It
didn't matter that he was late to a meeting he himself had called.

"Gentlemen," he said, addressing the dozen witches and wizards gathered
within the large oval shaped conference room. Many of them, he had
handpicked himself, and he was pleased to see the resolve in their hard
expressions and pitiless eyes. "… I believe I have found our next
target."

---

Tonks gripped tightly to her partner's hand, reminding him, sometimes
painfully, that *they were not running away.* She had told him before
their mission that they were absolutely not to run or fidget or look
around nervously. There wasn't much she could do about the later two,
except hiss angrily at him every so often, but she *could* keep him from
running.

"People remember runners," she said crossly, as they made their way
towards Rue du Manquant, the last completely wizarding street this side
of Paris before they hit the muggle parts of the city. "And for God's
sake, Elton, stop fidgeting. Here, hold the umbrella."

"Well, *excuse me*. I don't have a lot of practice with this sort of
thing," the man beside her grumbled in English, but took the umbrella
nonetheless. He was a little younger than her and handsome enough when
he wasn't being mulish. She was already quite sick of him and his
seemingly unending incompetence. His only contribution thus far was his
ability to get them inside the office building where he worked as a
janitor, and since then had been pestering her with questions or drawing
unwanted attention or just generally being a rank amateur. Her own short
temper wasn't helping matters, but it had been cold and raining for
days, her contacts in Paris had been unreliable, and her sleep had been
poor so it was unlikely to improve anytime soon.

"If you can't handle it, then you shouldn't-"

Her chastisement was cut off by a loud rumble and a slight tremor
beneath their feet. Around them, Parisians cried out in alarm, and there
was a loud crash of breaking glass and china from the nearby cafes as
people dropped or knocked over their dishes. It only lasted a moment,
and then stopped. Witches and wizards swarmed out into the street with
their wands drawn, looking for the source of the explosion, while
families with children remained in the relative safety of the stores and
restaurants, looking out curiously through the windows. Tonks and her
companion stopped and stared as well, as irresistibly drawn to the sight
of chaos as everyone else.

"Where is the Chambre les Affaires étrangères? We should be able to see
the turrets from here?" a woman shouted in French.

"Mon dieu! Mon dieu!"

"Was there anyone inside?"

"I think it's closed on Sunday, but who knows?"

"Where are the Aurors? They should be-"

A loud siren rang through the city, briefly cutting off the crowd's
growing agitation. It was not the high wailing sound typical of muggle
sirens, which seemed to provoke an immediate sense of panic. The
wizarding alarm was a low bellow that rattled the windows and seemed to
freeze the people in their tracks. Unlike muggles, it was an alarm meant
to summon fighters rather than scare away potential victims.

Within moments, several individuals separated themselves from the crowd
and began running towards the summons, and less than a minute later
Aurors and Musketeers were zipping overhead, flying low along the
streets to keep from being seen by muggles.

"It's time to go," Tonks finally said, and moved her companion quietly
away towards the muggle side of town. He was pale and unresisting as she
led him through an empty alleyway, at the end of which they would go
their separate ways. Before they could reach the end, however, they
found their way blocked by two Aurors. Elton stiffened beside her,
instinctively dropped the umbrella and tried for his wand, but she held
fast to his arm and picked up the dropped item.

"Ah! You scared us!" she said, attempting to cover up the mistake,
lifting the umbrella back over their heads and smiling apologetically.

One of the Aurors, a middle aged women with a severe mouth, seemed to
notice but did not immediately react. Her partner, young and with a
rather contrite expression lifted his empty hand in a halting motion.

"I am sorry madam, monsieur, but I must ask you to go back. The inner
section of the city is cordoned off for safety reasons."

Tonks adopted her best, wide-eyed and frightened look.

"Safety? But surely it is not safe here? Are we under attack? What if
another building blows up? Please, monsieur let us go home! We left the
children with my mother and they will be terribly frightened!" she
begged in French.

The young Auror looked sympathetic, but his senior partner remained
unmoved, and more importantly her eyes narrowed suspiciously.

"You are married?" the Auror asked.

"Oui," she said, daring a glance at her 'husband' who looked like a deer
caught in the headlights.

"Then where are your rings?"

Tonks faltered for a moment, and it was all the justification the Auror
needed to draw her wand. Beside her Elton spooked, and foolishly pulled
his arm free of her to go for his own wand. The stunning hex hit him
before he could even pull his hand from his robe. Tonks' reflexes were
faster. She grabbed Elton before he fell completely and shoved him into
the Auror, knocking her down.

"Petrificus totalus!" she snapped out, catching the younger Auror before
he could overcome his shock, and then bolted for the other end of the
alley and back out into wizarding Paris. She just managed to turn the
corner before a hex flew passed her, and she didn't bother stopping to
throw one back. The city was sealed and she needed to find a way out as
quickly as possible.

But Paris was not her city. It was an old city, but too progressive for
her to make much sense of it. Witches and wizards here drove cars and
rode bicycles rather than walked and flooed and apparated, and it
changed how the streets and buildings were laid out in ways she had
never considered. Once she had lost her pursuers in a lucky turn into a
crowd of people and quickly changed her hair from straight black to
honey blond curls, she forced herself to stop running. She had no place
prepared to hide in except the crowd, and for that she couldn't run
unless they did so as well.

Within a few minutes, a public announcement was ringing through the
streets.

"At approximately 6:37pm an explosion at the Chambre les Affaires
étrangères has occurred. No casualties are being reported at this time,
and a suspect has been apprehended by city Aurors. The inner city has
been temporarily sealed to search for additional suspects. Please move
to Rue du Manquent, Rue du Araignée, or Rue du Rogét in a calm and
orderly fashion, where Aurors will be present to escort you out of the
city. Please have identification ready for examination. More
announcements will be issued as necessary. Thank you for your
cooperation."

Tonks winced internally. Her French wasn't nearly as good as her German,
but she knew she was in trouble. She had not expected security to be so
tight or well organized. It was a sloppy mistake on her part. One she
was likely going to have to pay for. Around her, the crowd buzzed with
excited speculation, but moved steadily towards the evacuation points.
They were not going in a direction Tonks wanted to follow, but if she
tried to move against the crowd she would soon be noticed and already
she could see Aurors moving into position on street corners. Her
description had likely been circulated along with news of Elton's arrest
already.

Gradually, she moved out of the crowd and into a café where patrons were
still gathering, waiting out the crowds or else gathering more news
about what was happening. She did her best to seem inconspicuous,
ordering a cup of coffee while she tried to figure out what she was
going to do. She had few options. She could hide, but she didn't know
the city well enough to find a place that an Auror couldn't. She could
make a run for it, and would almost certainly be caught. She could try
to sneak through the check points. The last one was risky for a variety
of reasons, not so much because she was worried about being recognized
(her natural shapeshifting abilities would take care of that), but
because she had no papers and her wand was traceable from the spell she
had used on the Auror.

Ah hell, she had charmed her way through check points before.

The bad weather that had dogged her throughout her stay in Paris proved
itself a boon. The rain began to fall harder, bringing on a premature
night and a convenient excuse to hide behind the high collar of her
rain-proof robes and the plain black umbrella she purchased at the café.
Aurors and civilians alike were wet and impatient, eager to be done and
gone. By eight, it was completely dark and skirmishes were erupting in
the crowd, as Tonks made her way slowly up the Rue du Araignée. She
started a few of them herself with a silent, well placed pushing hex,
distracting an Auror who took a second glance too long at her as she
passed.

Ahead of her she could see the crowd divided into three lines, each line
passing through two or three Aurors who were checking identification and
asking the people questions. She chose the line on the furthest left,
where the Aurors were looking the most harried and impatient and the
civilians were meeting their attitude with some of their own, further
aggravating the situation. As she drew nearer the checkpoint, so that
only three or four people were in front of her, she cast a very light
shoving charm on the wizard ahead of the one in front of her.

The wizard, a heavy set man with a thick white beard, spun around to
face a tall, thin young wizard.

"You insolent cub! I ought to backhand you into next Thursday!"

The thin man sneered, albeit with some uncertainty. "What are you
talking about? I haven't done anything."

"You have been whining like a baby ever since you started standing
behind me, thinking I can't hear you muttering! And now you shove me,
and think I won't notice that either?"

"I didn't touch you!"

By now the Aurors were done with the people ahead and calling the elder
man forward, but the man was ignoring them in favor of taking his
frustration out on the other. The thin wizard wasn't rising to the bait,
but he wasn't calming things down either as he continued to deny his
guilt and further incite his accuser. Predictably, a scuffle broke out,
and the Aurors had to rush in to pull them apart. During the
distraction, Tonks slipped behind them and slipped by.

She let out a sigh of relief as she walked away, still caught in the
crowd. A little smile managed to find its way onto her face and for the
first time that day things seemed to be looking up for her.

"Excuse me, madame," someone called. Tonks didn't pay much attention.
There were several people outside the check points waiting for friends
and family to come out, despite the heavy rain. "Madame! You in the dark
green robes."

Tonks froze. She was wearing dark green robes. Hesitantly, she turned
around. A girl, perhaps only a year or two out of school, and dressed in
the blue and silver robes of a Musketeer was moving towards her.
Something about her pretty pale face seemed familiar, but Tonk's
couldn't immediately think of from where. Keeping a cool head, she
smiled a bit nervously at her.

"Yes, is something wrong?"

Despite being so young, the girl had a very confident expression,
completely different from young Auror she had stunned earlier that day.
Musketeers were said to be the elite, a step above even the finest
Aurors, and she wasn't entirely sure what she was facing now. The young
witch's stare was very serious and focused, her eyes flitting over her
quickly to assess where she was keeping her wand and what she was
carrying or potentially hiding. Tonks felt her luck had run out.

"I am going to have to check your identification, please."

"But I just-" she tried to protest.

"No you did not," the girl said sharply, daring her to lie.

Tonks went for sheepish.

"You saw that did you? Sorry. It's just been a really long day, and I
didn't want to have to wait there *another* ten minutes because some
idiot caused trouble. Umm, let me see… would you mind holding my
umbrella for a second while I get it out?"

The girl hesitated for the first time, but reached for the umbrella with
the hand opposite her wand. Tonks went for her wand. The Musketeer
immediately kicked her in the stomach, knocking her onto her back. She
threw the open umbrella at her, knocking the girl's arm movement out of
synch with her spell, before throwing up one of her own.

"*Expelliarmus!*"

The Musketeer flew back several meters into a handful of civilians, but
clutched stubbornly to her wand. It only took a few seconds for her to
clear her head and climb shakily to her feet, but Tonks was already
sprinting down the street, dodging in between pedestrians as she went.
She dared a glance behind her to see several Aurors and another
musketeer giving chase behind her. She tried to apparate, but soon felt
the resistance of anti-apparation wards and didn't try again.

Turning down an alley filled with junk, she ran and leaped and dodged
about as she went. Behind her, she could hear spells being shouted at
her and the sound of smashing wood and breaking glass where they struck
creates and bottles. Out of the mouth of the alley, she ran towards the
street, only to leap back as a sleek silver car swerved to avoid running
her over. Atop its hood a glowing sign read 'Taxi Parisien'.

She was in muggle Paris!

From the alley, her pursuers began to pour out, heedless of their
surroundings as they raised their wands to attack. Throwing off her
green robe, she bolted into the street traffic, ignoring the blaring of
horns as she went. A loud 'wump' behind her meant someone else hadn't
managed to make it across the same way. Across the street, she ducked
into a shop and ran straight through, splattering postcards and nicnacs
with her rain soaked clothes, and kept going straight on into the back
of the store with the cashier behind the counter screaming obscenities
at her. The back door was locked, but she blasted it open with a spell.
Into another alley, and then blasting in through another backdoor into
what appeared to be a tailors and then out into another street, turning
left towards the busiest street she could find. She tried to hail a
taxi, but they seemed to swerve out of her way. Chances were she looked
ten kinds of crazy running around in the rain in combat boots and a
knitted dress. Not her best fashion choice, but it seemed to matter when
she was wearing her robes.

Or perhaps it was the ten or so *other* crazies in robes running after
her that made her such an undesirable fare. The sidewalks were all but
deserted, even though the streets themselves were packed with commuters,
and she had to duck into traffic twice to dodge a hex. As fast as she
ran and as many trick turns as she tried to take, there was always
someone behind her, slowly closing in, and she still had no idea where
she was going. A wrong turn led her onto a street of storefronts with no
alleys to duck into, and she was running out of breath. She made an
attempt to run through a dinner, but as she flung the door open a curse
caught her head on in the chest, and sent her flying. She landed roughly
on the pavement and rolled into the gutter between two cars parked along
the street, loosing her wand in an open drain.

"Don't move! Don't move or I'll blow your damn head off!"

Tonks, barely clinging to consciousness, her body going into shock from
the spell and the cold, glanced up blearily at her attacker. It was the
girl from before. Her pretty face was twisted into something not quite
human, her blond locks flying around her as if caught in a gale.
*Delacour,* she thought, finally remembering where she had seen the girl
before, and realized it was a fairly useless tidbit of information now.

She calculated the odds of managing to roll into the street and
surviving to tell the tale, and found them very poor. Her wand was lost,
probably washed away, and a part of her mourned its loss more than her
own capture.

"Let me see your hands!" Delacour commanded, just as a second Musketeer
and several Aurors caught up with her.

"Good work. I wish I still had your stamina," the elder Musketeer said,
breathing heavily from the running. He trained his wand on Tonks now as
well, but turned to speak to the Aurors. "Take care of any muggle
witnesses. We'll wrap up here."

Delacour still had not moved her eyes from where they were trained on
Tonks, her barely contained rage was not the least bit sated as her prey
placed her empty hands in front of her on the sidewalk. The
metamorphmagus glared death right back at her, the affect she felt was
somewhat dimmed given that she was not using her true eyes to deliver
it.

"Well, Miss Guttersnipe, perhaps you wouldn't mind climbing out of
there? Preferably, with your hands where we can see them," the older
Musketeer said smugly.

Slowly, Tonks pushed herself up, the metal grate digging into her knees.
She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Once she was standing, that
was it. She was done. Her mission was over and all she could do was
fight to hold onto her secrets for as long as possible, waiting for
death or imprisonment or both.

But that was the way of it. She had known from the beginning when she
had joined the Order of the Phoenix that the end of her story wasn't
going to be a pleasant one. There was nothing to regret. She was leaving
no one behind. Her husband was dead, her parents were dead, most of her
friends too, and those few that remained understood this was to be their
own sacrifice eventually.

She hoped it wasn't for nothing. That her mission wasn't a frivolous as
it first appeared and that her efforts would mean more than a side note
in history. She hoped Viktor forgave her when she saw him again. The
time seemed to becoming soon.

She opened her eyes, preparing to stand.

And stopped.

Ten long, pale fingers rose up from between the metal grate beneath her,
curling around the thick metal on either side of her knees. She blinked
once, and then the grate was pulled clean out from under her. Screaming,
she fell through the darkened hole and into the sewer below. Icy cold
water sprung up to meet her, swallowing her down into a rapid current.
Frantically, she struggle to swim, but the water was filled with debris;
trash, branches, dead and not so dead things.

Then something grabbed her, hard and powerful and too cold to be truly
alive. It pulled her up and out of the water, and into its arms, and
then they were moving. The movement was too fast, too intense and inside
her stomach filthy water sloshed nauseatingly. She struggled on
instinct; against sickness, against panic, against the incredible
strength of the arms around her.

"Stop!" she found herself saying, first in English, then in French.

But her captor didn't stop, and the movement around them became more
jarring as it seemed to be leaping now, up and down and over, water from
the streets above raining down on them at some point along with the
noise of traffic. A particularly long fall downwards, and the sudden
stop was all it took before she started gagging, and at last she was set
shakily on her feet, vomiting into the water that reached up to her
elbows.

"I do apologize," a voice; male, German, and somewhat mocking said,
echoing against the wet stone walls around them. It was pitch black in
the sewer, but obviously it didn't seem to bother the man… creature…
whatever it was. "I thought we needed to make a certain amount of
distance from our spell-happy friends. We're almost two and half miles
now. That should be sufficient, if you wish to apparate. If you dare, in
your current condition anyway."

"Who- who are you?" she asked, and then added after a moment. "What are
you?"

"You can't guess? I don't blame you for being a bit slow on the uptake.
That Musketeer gave you quite a nasty blow. My name is irrelevant. I
don't think we'll meet again."

She remained silent, absorbing that information. It was difficult to
think. She was cold, and she probably did have a concussion.

"Are you going to kill me?"

"No. I assure you there was far easier prey walking about if that was
what I wanted. Besides, you probably taste like sewer now."

"Shut up. That's hardly *my* fault. Why did you help me then?"

"I was told to."

"By who?"

The creature chuckled softly.

"By the only one who can order a vampire to do anything. Hold out your
hand. I have a treat for you."

"No. I don't trust you."

Another laugh.

"Very good, but you'll want this. Every witch and wizard does," he
goaded.

Honestly, there wasn't much she could do if he chose to hurt her, and
since he obviously had some incentive not to, she did as she was told.
Her wand settled back into her hand, a familiar weight that warmed her
fingers by its mere presence.

"*Lumos!*"

Light did nothing to improve her setting. The sewer was ancient, part of
the old city; the brick walls were shiny and black, even as they
crumbled into the brackish water from invading roots and passing vermin.
She spun her wand around, searching for her rescuer, but there was only
empty tunnels disappearing into the darkness beyond her wand glow.

"Hey! Are you there? Who are you?" she called, but there was no reply.
She was alone or at least meant to think she was. She waited for a
minute, collecting her wits and searching in vain for her rescuer.
Finally, she could no longer tolerate the cold, cramped darkness of the
underground and apparated away with a loud *pop*.

Further down the tunnel, the vampire waited and watched for the witch to
disappear. When she was gone, he made his way back home, moving through
the sewers and then higher up into the catacombs after he crossed the
beneath the river on the other side of Paris, where the famous crypts
and graveyards of the city stood. Paris' underground city was not like
Berlin's in layout or texture or smell, but there was something
comforting about it nonetheless. His master had chosen their coven's new
home well.

He exited the catacombs in Montmartre Cemetery as a shadow, slipping
passed the night watchman with no more than few raised hairs on the back
of the mortal's neck to mark his passing. A block south of the cemetery,
an abandoned paper mill had been converted into loft apartments that
suited his coven's needs just fine. The rent was exorbitant, but it had
the benefit of being run by muggles who didn't ask questions. His
keycard allowed him access to the first level, entering immediately into
a lounge where a majority of the coven was gathered. The decadent luxury
of Katarina's style was absent here, replaced by an aesthetic of
simplicity and open space, not unlike a martial arts dojo or a Bhuddist
temple. Quiet and open, it was a place of reflection and unconstrained
movement.

It suited his master very well.

"The woman escaped," he announced brazenly, causing several vampires to
look up. Viktor was not one of them. He simply turned the page of a
large tome in his lap, unmoving from his chair beside the fireplace.

"Good. Did anyone see you?"

"No, not even the woman herself. I don't know if she even understood
what I was. She was disoriented from the fight."

"She will work it out eventually."

"Oh? You are familiar with her then? An old friend perhaps?"

"An old acquaintance. She owes us a favor now, and I might call to
collect upon it one of these days."

Goethe snickered. His master really was adorable when he played the cold
Machiavellian prince.

"Of course, a favor. I do enjoy these games you play. So much more
interesting than Katarina's, bless her undead soul."

"This is not a game."

"If there is a winner and a loser, then it is a game," the elder vampire
replied teasingly, and headed for the stairs. He needed to wash and
change his clothes. While he enjoyed playing with mortals, particularly
witches and wizards, running around a sewer during a rainstorm was not
his idea of fun. Distracted by the thought of a hot shower, he failed to
notice that his last barb had struck home, and Viktor's sharp black gaze
was torn from the pages of his book to follow his irascible minion up
the stairs.

---

Harry liked Hogwarts. Honestly, he did. Even when it had giant killer
snakes in the basement and madmen plotting to kill him and some
seriously questionable teaching staff, he generally enjoyed living and
studying there. There was something that never grew old about waking up
in a the magnificent castle to learn *magic*. It didn't hurt that he was
good at magic, either through natural talent or Voldemort's special
brand of tutelage, and that he had a certain set of skills that made
learning *more* magic quite simple. He wouldn't say classes were easy,
but aside from the occasional rough patch, he was a good student and
enjoyed the leeway that bought him with most of his teachers.

So at the start of sixth year, a wonderful year as far as classes went
because there were plenty of interesting electives and no NEWTS or OWLS
to worry about at the end of term, Harry was happy enough with his class
choices. In addition to the standard Herbology, Advanced Potions,
Transfiguration, History of Magic, and Astronomy, he had tested high
enough to get out of Charms and DA&D, and into Magical Theory & Spell
Design, which left him a free period to take Magical Art again, as well
as his semester electives; Magical First Aid (he kept missing that class
due to hospitalization it seemed) and Introduction to Military Training.
The last one was taught by Lockhart, and not something Harry wanted to
associate himself with, but Snape had insisted he take it.

Harry expected it was revenge for existing.

Classes were routine, controlled, and tedious with the occasional
educational gem thrown in from time to time. Lately, Harry had even
found studying to be a fairly relaxing activity, even if he still didn't
enjoy it with the same enthusiasm as Hermione.

It was outside of classes that he found himself struggling with. Harry
was popular. *Extremely* popular, and it was not nearly as enjoyable as
people seemed to think it was. It seemed he couldn't find a spare moment
where someone didn't want him for *something*. The Dueling Club had
elected him Sr. Dueling Club Vice Captain after Ron's expulsion for
missing too many tournaments, and while he enjoyed the club he didn't
enjoy his teammates constantly interrupting his meals, study time,
commute between classes, or what was supposed to be his leisure time to
ask for advice or favors or excuses. This also applied to the
inexplicably large number of girls at school who suddenly seemed to want
to go out with him. Go out where, he hadn't a clue, because everyone was
still pretty much locked in the castle twenty-four seven these days, but
he could honestly say he wasn't interested.

Well, he was, but in a purely physical way that all teenage boys are.
Honestly, he had bigger things on his plate without worrying about a
girlfriend.

At least other students he could deal with. Teachers were a completely
different matter. He didn't have Lockhart until second semester (he was
secretly hoping he would be hospitalized again to get out of it), but
the man kept popping up at random times to offer him 'advice' about this
and that and being more popular or something. It was extremely annoying,
but he was developing methods of avoiding the man, primarily taking his
meals in the tower and changing the routes he traveled to classes
everyday. He actually had Slughorn for class and couldn't escape him,
however, and while the man wasn't nearly as obnoxious, he was pushy
about getting Harry to come to some of his dinner parties. Something
Harry didn't want to waste his preciously little free time doing.
Professor Vector had even cornered him twice in the hall trying to
convince him to drop Astronomy in favor of Arithmancy, and try some
additional projects similar to the one he had done for his final
semester the year before.

The most he could do with these teachers was make vague, noncommittal
statements and wait for them to go away.

Somewhere in all of this he apparently had made enemies. He honestly
didn't notice them as busy as he was, but his friends assured him they
were around. Gary St. James, Ginny's ex-boyfriend, apparently had a
whole little club of Harry-Haters, which was sort of funny and sort of
sad. Draco informed him they were an unpopular minority, but he couldn't
care less one way or another. As long as they weren't plotting his
murder, they were free to do what they wanted. He had been shunned by
the student body before, and frankly he was finding he preferred it
these days

He would have preferred the free time and space that being socially
ostracized afforded him to work on his several private projects. His
animagus studies had all but ground to a stand still once term had
started, and his paganism studies were not faring any better. Most of
the time he spent with his friends was eating meals, studying, or their
Anti-Betrothal Society meetings (Natalie's title eventually stuck).

"So that's my life this week," Harry finished, setting down his tea cup.
Thankfully, it wasn't that god-awful animagus tea, but a simple Earl
Grey Snape had provided for their first weekly meeting. Snape was one of
the very few people he hadn't seen since the start of term, and the only
other person who seemed even busier then himself.

"Mm…" the headmaster said, not looking up from some document or another.
Harry knew better than to think the man hadn't heard him. He had this
terrible habit of hearing and remembering everything Harry ever said,
and then bringing it up at inopportune moments.

"How's Ira?" he said, conversationally.

"The same as she was last week."

"And you?"

"Busy."

"So I should go?"

"I wish you would. Will you need anything?" I.e. potions to let you
sleep, combat pain from previous injuries, or from having a nervous
breakdown.

"No. Life is wonderful."

"I will look out for signs of an impending plague."

"I always enjoy our enlivening conversations, sir. Good day."

He set his tea aside and made for the door. As far as weekly meetings
went, this one had been unusually brief and pain free. The corridor to
the Headmaster's office was blessedly empty of people, and he took a
moment to enjoy the silence of it. Now which way should he go? If he
went left and took the stairs passed the owlry, he was less likely to
run into a teacher but more likely to be cornered alone by a girl. If he
went right and took the corridor passed the Transfigurations classroom
he ran a greater risk of being spotted by a teacher but held more escape
routes to get away from everyone else.

Decisions, decisions. It was times like these that he wished he carried
his invisibility cloak with him.

He decided to risk heading by the owlry. He would visit Elsbeth who was
likely feeling neglected after a week to herself. With mail being
restricted to Thursdays, and no packages allowed without advanced
permission, few students visited except on the allotted day. Luckily,
there were no admirers hiding behind suits of armor, and he managed to
enter the owlry without incident, only to find he wasn't the only one
with the same idea.

"Oh, Harry!" Ginny said, somewhat flustered at being caught off guard.

"Potter," Ron said with a forced sort of congeniality. "Come on in we
were just talking business."

Reluctantly, he did so, moving towards Elsbeth so that he could direct
his attention on something other than his homicidal idiot of a 'business
partner'.

"So," the other boy continued. "I've already gotten some orders in from
my house. It's ridiculous what people forget to bring back from summer
vacation. If we shake down the other three houses, I bet we could make
50 galleons easy for the first delivery if it's within a month."

Ginny shook her head.

"You mean if *I* shook down the other three houses. I don't see why you
can't talk to the Ravenclaws yourself."

"They don't like me."

"They don't trust you," Harry couldn't help but correct. "And not
surprising after you swindled half the House at cards."

Ron had the gall to look indignant.

"Not my fault they didn't apply their big brains to more practical
pursuits."

"Cards?" Ginny asked, skeptically.

"Cheating," Harry corrected.

"Ron!"

Her brother merely shrugged.

"Well, then talk to the Hufflepuffs."

"Meh."

The youngest Weasley's eyes narrowed.

"Then don't. I'm not wasting my time doing your half of the work. We'll
just make less money."

"Fine. Merlin, don't have a troll. I'll talk to the Powderpuffs,
alright?"

"*Good*. And don't try cheating them either. We're sticking to Fred and
George's rate, and not a knut higher."

"Oh, come on. Inflation! Everything's more expensive now!"

"Not a knut more!" she insisted adamantly. Ron looked to Harry for
support, but he kept his eyes firmly on Elsbeth, stroking her feathers
affectionately. The Weasley siblings argued for a bit longer, but
Slytherin guile had nothing on Gryffindor stubbornness, and eventually
Ron gave up. There was more discussion about other aspects of the
business, who knew what and how much and what to do if a teacher caught
them. Harry listened with half an ear. Most of it didn't concern him.
His part was simple and straightforward, however critical, and he
trusted Ginny to look after his profits at the end of their little
venture. Over all it took about twenty minutes for them to iron out the
details, at which point Elsbeth had grown tired of Harry's attention and
was nipping his fingers in annoyance.

Ginny was in a short temper and left quickly, stomping down the stairs.
Harry followed afterwards, but was halted by Ron's hand on his shoulder.
He paused reluctantly, and glanced over his shoulder.

"Are you still mad?" the redhead asked.

"It doesn't concern me anymore," he replied emotionlessly. Honestly, he
hadn't had the time or the inclination to worry about the curse since
classes started. He preferred to keep it that way. Ron looked around the
owlry, awkwardly avoid his gaze.

"I don't know where to start looking."

"Where you got the first book, I imagine."

"The shopkeeper didn't have any other copies. He didn't know if there
were any others."

"Try a professional book dealer, then."

"I don't have that sort of money."

"I should think fifty galleons worth of your profits would be plenty,"
he said, although honestly he didn't know. He didn't know the rates of
book dealers, but it probably depended on what they were asked to find.
Ron looked ready to protest, but he held up his hand to silence him.

"I don't care. Ask Hermione, she probably knows how to find rare books.
Figure it out."

He shoved Ron's hand from his shoulder and left him standing there,
looking frustrated, alone, and a bit frightened. It wasn't his concern,
he reminded himself. The Slytherin wasn't one of his friends or family,
and he certainly hadn't been responsible for the mess he had gotten
himself into. Eventually, he would figure it out. He had already bought
him some time.

He had his own problems to sort out.

---

Viktor made it a point to wander wizarding Paris at least once a week.
While he had an established network of spies and observers amongst his
minions, he found going out into the world encouraged them to be more
thorough in their own investigations. No one wanted to have to explain
why they had told their Master one thing and he had found out it was
another. On a more personal note, he liked gauging the local atmosphere
himself every once in a while.

It was nearly a weak after the explosion of Chambre les Affaires
étrangères, and he wanted to get a feel for the city after that, no
doubt nerve-wracking, ordeal. Unsurprisingly, the atmosphere was tense.
At the royal palace, witches and wizards protested against the recent
treaty with Britain, many of them British refugees themselves, while
native Parisians complained about their pretentious, cowardly behavior
in newspapers and street side conversations. While there was general
agreement that the response of the city defenses had been prompt and
thorough, there was a continuing scandal over the escape of one of the
suspects which had occurred outside the security check points.

Viktor got a strange feeling whenever he looked at a newspaper and saw
Fleur's pretty face glaring fiercely out at him. A combination of
respect and smugness that reminded him of simpler, if not more innocent,
days as competitors in the triwizard tournament.

*If there is a winner and a loser, then it is a game*.

Goethe's words were still bothering him a week later. He had never
thought of his resistance against the Dark Lord's encroachment on the
free world as a game, but the more time he was left to reflect (and he
found time was something he had in abundance) the more he realized he
had been treating it like one. It was all about who won and who lost,
and not what he hoped to achieve by winning or what would be destroyed
by losing. He had a vague sense that important things would be lost by
the Dark Lord's invasion of Europe, but until he could pinpoint exactly
what those things were he felt uneasy and restless.

There was a letter in the study of the loft addressed to Dumbledore. He
hadn't gotten two sentences through it, and despite several attempts to
complete it, he had made no progress. Something inside him recoiled at
the thought of placing himself under the thumb of that wise wizard a
second time, and if he revealed himself alive he had no doubt that was
exactly what would happen. He and his coven would become pawns, and as
much as he despised his own kind they were his and he would not sell
them as cannon fodder for anyone's morality other than his own.

"Master Viktor?" a timid voice called from the shadows of an alleyway as
he passed. He didn't turn to look or act in anyway surprised, and it
wasn't until the vampiress left the confines of her hiding place to
follow him that he acknowledged her presence. She was a tall, beautiful
woman with reddish brown hair and red lipstick that spoke of a blatant
confidence in her self and her sexuality, yet following behind him she
seemed somehow shy and reserved.

"What do you want, child?" he asked.

The chances were she was decades, perhaps even centuries older than him,
but as minion she would always be a child to him. Small, helpless,
dependent. If only in spirit.

"M-my master would like…ah…a moment of your time," she said,
beseechingly.

He made an annoyed grunt.

"My time is precious to me. What is he going to offer me for it?" he
challenged.

The vampiress was taken back, and unreasonably flustered. While not all
minions were completely spineless, this one clearly didn't have
experience as a go between for two Masters. Or else Viktor was making a
vampiric social faux pas she didn't know how to deal with. He'd have to
ask Goethe later. No doubt he would get a titter or two out of it.

"Never mind. Take me to him."

She scurried to comply but ended up having to stop several times when he
didn't speed up his own pace to follow her. Taking his time to observe
the other pedestrians, glancing at newspapers laying by newsstands or
abandoned on the street, listening to the radios of cars (still
something he had not gotten used to seeing in a wizarding city), and
counting the Aurors patrolling the streets or peeking out of windows,
Viktor made it clear he had no intention of jumping at her Master's beck
and call. He had dealings with the elder vampire when he had first
arrived in the city, and had made it clear from the beginning he was not
afraid of the other.

Master Clarión lived firmly inside the boundaries of wizarding Paris,
and as a result was a prisoner in his own home. There were always Aurors
posted outside his town house, watching the comings and goings of his
coven with suspicious eyes and twitching wands. Viktor flicked up the
hood of his cape well before coming into sight of the house. Let the
Aurors be suspicious. As long as they didn't identify him, it was not
his concern. His guide led him inside, offering to take his cloak, but
he shooed her away. He had no intention of staying long.

Clarión was not as extravagant as Katarina had been, but he was a
creature of comfort and his home reflected that. There were a great
number of overstuffed sofas and chairs throughout the house, and pieces
of art and large vases overflowing with flowers at every corner to tempt
one to sit and admire their surroundings for a while. Altogether
distracting, and not to Viktor's rather utilitarian tastes.

He didn't need to follow his guide any further, and moved purposefully
to the second floor and the third door down the hallway, entering
without waiting to be announced. Clarión looked up from the mortal he
had been suckling, and dropped her back onto the bed with something
close to exasperation.

"Lessons in manners would do you some good. Knocking would be one of the
first," he sneered, standing up. The elder vampire was taller than
Viktor, leaner and smoother in his movements, but he was not stronger
and that was made clear by the fact he didn't offer to teach Viktor
manners himself. His 'victim', a sultry little muggle laughed stupidly
into the bedding beneath her and curled where she lay. They both ignored
her.

"What do you want?" he said without preamble. He didn't come to make
social niceties with the undead, even from the residing Master of Paris.

"I summoned you a week ago."

"If you had bothered to step outside of your little cage, I might have
actually received the message. Again, what do you want?"

For a moment, Clarión's handsome features pinched as if he had just
bitten into a lemon, but then instantly fell smooth and calm.

"What was your involvement with the explosion of the Chambre les
Affaires étrangères?"

"I had no involvement."

"And yet it was one from your coven who helped a suspect escape."

It seemed Viktor was going to have to punish someone back home for
gossiping.

"I was uninvolved there as well," he said, without missing a beat.

"And yet she escaped through your tunnels. Yours and the rats"

Viktor actually rolled his eyes at that.

"My coven and I make use of the underground, that doesn't mean we hold
exclusive rights to it. If the terrorist was clever enough to make use
of them, then she's cleverer than some," he couldn't help slipping in
the barb after the 'rats' comment. "Or else desperate. She probably
drowned. It would be foolish to send my people into a sewer during a
rainstorm."

Unless it was a Master of even greater strength that his own. And who
would have such a creature counted amongst his minions?

Clarión looked decided sour at that piece of irrefutable logic. He had
no proof, just a strong suspicion, and that was not enough to move
against the arrogant cub standing impatiently in the doorway. If he had
the power, or rather the confidence, to kill Viktor himself he would
have the night he had first stepped foot into his city. There was
something decidedly off about the master, more than his young age and
unflappable calm. He had killed his Mistress on the first night of his
resurrection and taken her coven as his own, moving from the destruction
of Berlin and straight to Paris, spreading like a sort of disease. From
the beginning, Viktor had not behaved as visiting master nor as a
potential rival should have behaved. He was uninterested in vampire
decorum and lived and moved with a flagrant disregard of both wizards
and Clarión himself. To this day, he still did not know where Viktor
lived or how many made up his coven, and the hand full of times he had
managed to pull the young master into his house he had been evasively
silent in all things.

He did not know much about his guest, but he did know this: the boy had
plans, plans that should not concern a vampire, and that put everyone at
risk. He had voiced his suspicions in letters to other masters in
neighboring cities, but no one had taken him seriously. To them, it was
another power struggle between two rival covens, and none of their
concern. He suspected they would soon regret their dismissal.

"If you are done wasting both our time," Viktor said, sharply and turned
to leave. Clarión nearly stopped him, but then realized he no more
wanted him in his house than the other wished to be there. Better to
hold off this battle of wills for another night. Viktor was resourceful,
but Paris was not his city. Not yet. Given time the elder master would
find the proof he needed to destroy Viktor without recrimination from
the rest of their community, but until then…

He turned to the woman curled up into the duvet and smirked.

---

Despite the halt in construction at Hogwarts and the delayed plans to
convert the castle into a private preparatory college, Hogsmeade's real
estate was in higher demand than ever. The evacuation of several
wizarding cities and the over abundance of young people in need of cheap
housing in absence of university dormitories, meant the little village
was growing rapidly into a small city.

Severus idly wondered what that would mean for Hogsmeade weekends once
things were peaceful enough again for them to resume. It was far easier
to supervise two dozen shops and businesses than the nearly sixty
buildings that had sprung up since the Triwizard tournament. If he were
lucky, the return to peace time would mean the village would once again
shrink to a more manageable size, but somehow he doubted it.

"Does it look so terribly different?" Ira asked him as they rode down
the cobble stone street (a new addition) in the Hogwart's carriage,
towards the row of townhouses at the edge of the village. The townhouses
had been constructed during the Triwizard tournament to house visiting
diplomats, but had sense been rented out to Hogsmeade's more affluent
new residents.

"I can recognize certain shops… but the village itself is
unrecognizable," he admitted. Something like nostalgia threatened to
turn into melancholy, and he ruthlessly squashed it. He was not a
sentimental man and had no intention of becoming one. "All things change
in time."

She tightened her grip on his arm slightly, a gesture of comfort for
what he did not say as well as what he did, but tactfully said nothing
more about it. All things change, and sometimes it was for the better.
She was living proof of that.

They exited the carriage at the end of the road and were met by a
middle-aged witch in a trendy grey robes and oversized heals. She
grinned like a salesperson and shook both their hands firmly upon
introduction.

"I've got two excellent houses to show you today," she said pleasantly,
immediately leading the way to the nearest townhouse. Snape noted
critically, that the wooden steps creaked. A sign of poor workmanship
and spellcraft after only a few years of construction. "This one is
three stories and a cellar, three bedrooms, two baths, a full kitchen,
sitting area, *lots* of storage space."

"It would have to since it doesn't have much floor space," the potions
master muttered as they entered. While he didn't mind living in a small
home, he didn't honestly want to live in a *crowded* home. And something
about the place seemed distinctly claustrophobic. Probably the lack of
windows on the walls they shared with their neighbors.

"It's not that different from my mom's flat in London," Ira pointed out.
"Lets look around a bit."

The rest of the house was not as bad as Snape had first thought from the
foyer. The kitchen was small but functional, as was the dining room and
parlor, all on the first floor. The second floor held two bedrooms, also
small, but the master had its own bath and view that looked out from the
edge of town to the Scottish countryside and even Hogwarts was just
visible at the far corner of the window. Top floor was a completed attic
and largest room in the house and had two small round windows on either
side overlooking both the town and the village.

"It would make an excellent nursery. A crib on one side and a play area
on the other," Ira pointed out. The realtor jumped to expound upon that
virtue.

"If you throw up a few more spells you won't have to worry about leaving
toys all over the house, and it's far enough out of the way that
everyone can get a little space."

He considered carefully.

"There are a lot of narrow stairs," he pointed out, "And I doubt there
are anti-slipping spells on them either. They creak badly."

"The better to keep track of the children, dear. I can do the
anti-slipping spells myself. The house will have to be prepared for a
new baby regardless of what we chose."

"Let's look at the other place first, and see how they compare," he said
noncommittally. As they made their way out of the house and further down
the row, Snape had a sudden sense of unreality. He was married. He was
going to be a father. He was shopping for a flat to rent to keep both
near Hogwarts, where he himself was in charge.

He had been domesticated.

Good bloody hell, how had that happen? Hadn't he been fighting violent
battles and navigating political intrigue only a few months ago? Was he
still doing that? It seemed like it had been years since he had lifted
his wand or brewed a potion for anything more serious than his own
research and tormenting his troublesome ward. Surely, it all didn't stop
just like that? It was far too convenient.

Irrationally, he found himself looking up and down the street for any
sign of dementers or a passing army of orcs. The only thing out of place
that he noticed was Ira had a light sheen of sweat on her forehead.

"Are you are right? You seem flushed."

She smiled ruefully.

"You were right about the stairs. There were a lot of them."

The second place was at the end of the row, which meant three of the
four walls had windows, but was otherwise very similar to the first
house. The attic had been converted into the master suite complete with
a bath, but Snape found the sloping ceiling irritating. And of course,
there was the stairs problem again. Which Ira did not seem to be
enjoying.

"Would you mind if I used the loo? I need to freshen up for a moment,"
she told the realtor. She was even more flushed then before, not
surprising perhaps given the additional stairs they had been climbing,
but now she was also breathing more rapidly and Snape was starting to
become concerned. Maybe it was horomones? Did women get hot flashes when
they were pregnant? Or maybe morning sickness? No, it was too soon for
that.

He listened with half an ear to the realtor's glowing praise of the
neighborhood with young families, the new primary school that was being
built a few blocks over, and a great deal of local history he already
knew while they waited for Ira to finish up in the nearby bathroom. It
was taking her a while, but he didn't want to rush her if she wasn't
feeling well. Ten minutes later, even the realtor was looking towards
the closed bathroom door with some concern, and Snape had decided to
check on her.

"Ira," he called softly through the door, uncomfortably aware of the
other woman's close scrutiny. "Are you alright?"

There was no reply for several moments, and then the door opened. She
was deathly pale, far more than could be accounted for in the brief time
they had been separated, and her eyes were very wide. He could see her
pupils were dilated

"Ira-"

"I need you to take me to a medi-wizard," she said, her voice completely
without inflection. "Now."

He stared at her. She stared straight ahead for a moment, and then
slowly looked down. He followed her gaze.

A drop of blood landed on the wood floor between her feet.

Then another.

And another.

"I'm taking you to Madam Pomfrey," he said, bursting into action. A
couple of quick spells to reduce her weight, and he lifted her into his
arms and towards the stairs. The realtor jumped out of his way and
didn't dare try to stop to ask questions as he fled from the house.
Within a minute he was gently depositing his wife in the carriage, and
signaling it to return to the castle with a harsh thump on the roof. The
vehicle lurched into motion, and as if sensing his haste the thestral
broke out into a gallop.

Turning back to his wife, he checked her vitals. She was feverish, her
pulse rapid, and she seemed unable to focus. She was going into shock.
Was it because she was sick or because she was just horrified that-

"Ira! Ira, can you hear me? Ira, answer me… it will be okay. You're
going to be okay, but you have to remain calm."

She didn't respond. Didn't even look at him. He contemplated turning
around and going to the village doctor. There was a new one with a
clinic within the village proper. He dismissed the idea almost
immediately. He didn't need a waiting room and a young pup floundering
around his potion's cabinet. He needed a healer with a cool head, a
quick mind, and experience with this… sort of thing. Because while
Hogwarts was a school, it was school of healthy young people a little
too eager to play grown-up games, and… accidents happened. Accidents
that Pomfrey had always handled discreetly, one way or another, through
whatever complications arose.

The carriage ride to the castle seemed to stretch on for eternity.

---

Harry heard about Ira's admittance to the school infirmary during lunch.
Apparently, she had some sort of carriage accident and broke her foot.
The injury wasn't in anyway spectacular, but the headmaster carrying his
wife all the way to the infirmary had sent a large female portion of the
school into fits of giggles. While taking ones spouse to the school
medi-witch was probably not allowed according to the Hogwart's Professor
Handbook, Harry wasn't the least bit surprised that Snape had bent the
rules in his favor, and likewise wasn't feeling the least bit
sympathetic about the gossip mill that had arisen from his chivalrous
deed.

He was feeling a bit of sympathy for Ira, however. A broken foot wasn't
any fun. He should know, he had shattered the bones in two of them. So
during his first free period of the day, he forewent his normal study
session and went to the infirmary to see if she was still there and
needed some cheering up.

Within the first few seconds of stepping into the infirmary, he knew Ira
had not broken her foot. The large, open room was filled with bright
sunlight but the atmosphere was deathly silent and painfully heavy, like
a slow acting curse might feel to his magus hypersentia. Snape was
sitting in a chair just outside a screened off area, behind which Harry
could hear Madam Pomfrey moving about, probably attending to Ira. Cold,
black eyes slide over him as he entered, and he immediately froze.

While he would never say that Snape was exactly *welcoming* towards him,
he had never been subjected to such a look of absolute *unwelcome*
either. His guardian's expression was closed, so devoid of anything that
he had to have been hiding something immense and terrible. Harry eyes
darted to the closed off screen and a sinking feeling filled him.

"She will live," Snape said, his voice as empty as his expression and in
no way reassuring.

The Gryffindor said nothing. He didn't dare. Instead, he kept staring at
the screen, as if it might somehow provide the answers he could bring
himself to ask. Snape continued to regard him for another minute or two,
his unceasing scrutiny making him uncomfortable yet not enough to make
him leave.

"She miscarried," the man said finally, and turned away.

[^119-1]: Mandalari's understanding of 'Old Ways' is rather ignorant, in
addition to being religiously skewed. 'Old Ways' permeate even the most
modern of magic, it is simply that most modern witches and wizards
*look* at it in a 'New Way'. A sort of 'the glass is half empty, the
glass is half full' kind of thing. It's all the same glass and same
amount of water, just understood differently and thus used differently.
Additionally, even if the 'Old Way' of looking at things were wiped out
in Britain and the rest of Europe somehow, it would still persist almost
everywhere else on the globe, including the Americas and Asia.
