# The Final Battle of Hogwarts

"They wouldn't dare try the same thing twice ..." Voldemort said,
marveling at the very notion. At his feet, Snape was struggling to get
up, and this time the Dark Lord let him and moved to the nearest window.
He had better night vision than most, but his eyes weren't adjusted, and
he could see nothing. Nevertheless something was making the hair on the
back of his neck stand on end.

He turned back towards Snape who had managed to right himself with
Amelon's help and leaned heavily against the wall where an ancient
schematic of the castle was hung behind a pane of glass, hundreds of
little colored dots scurrying across it. The Headmaster was tracing
invisible runes across the map, activating the castle's additional
defenses and setting off the alarms for the rest of the castle. Bloody
fingerprints trailed wherever he touched.

"How many this time?" Voldemort asked.

"I don't know ... they won't show up until they're within at least a
hundred feet of the castle," Snape said breathlessly and closed his eyes
tightly for a moment to clear his thoughts. Amelon, who was already
studying the map, continued for him.

"If the black dots are the attackers ... we already have some in the
high towers. A little less than a dozen."

"The towers will all seal against intruders once the wards are
activated, except for the dormitories, which won't let anyone not of the
proper house in regardless," Snape said without opening his eyes. "All
the entrances are sealed, along with any window large enough for a
person to fit through."

Amelon sucked in a sharp breath, his own fingers suddenly hovering over
the schematic as if searching for something. Or someone. They stopped
abruptly.

"What is it, Amelon?" Voldemort demanded distractedly, half his
attention already formulating the potential threat and how to deal with
it.

"Lord Potter is still in the Astronomy Tower."

Voldemort stiffened and stalked towards them. He followed Amelon's
finger to the little red dot with 'Potter' hovering beneath it
surrounded by six nameless black dots and two orange dots. One of the
orange dots suddenly disappeared, and the Dark Lord clenched his fists.
He watched for several more seconds, and to his surprise the black dots
moved away, congregating around what was the doorway that led from the
Astronomy Tower and into the main building. Neither Harry's red dot nor
the remaining orange dot moved. Had they been stunned? But then at least
one person should have stood guard over them or tried to take them
somewhere more secure. Did they think Harry was already dead? What was
going on?

He turned to Snape, who had lurched away to order the portraits to
gather information about the castle.

"There are no portraits in the Astronomy Tower," Snape said before the
Dark Lord could ask.

"Is there any way in or out of there without deactivating the wards?"

"No . . . butâ€”"

"There's another dozen coming through the portcullis. They've already
torn down the wards there," Amelon interrupted. For the first time, his
excitement had taken on a nervous edge. "More inside . . . no, they're
on the roof of the South Wing. The courtyard . . . another tower on the
east end . . . more crossing the moat . . . they just keep coming!"

"Where are the staff and students?" the Headmaster demanded, stumbling
back towards the map. The little red, green, yellow, blue, and orange
dots that had been relatively still only a few moments before were now
swarming across the map, like bees in a hive. There were too many to
keep track of individually, but the flowing swirl of color they made as
they moved through the castle gave Snape a general impression of what
was happening.

"Good . . . they're moving into position to defend the castle."

"Severus," Voldemort said, calling back his attention. "The Astronomy
Tower . . . ?"

The Headmaster nodded without looking away from the map.

"There's no way in or out from there now for Harry, but the castle elves
should be able to get to him. Hinky!"

The house elf appeared in the room in a frantic flailing of gangly
limbs.

"M-m-master! The c-castle! It's-it's-it's . . . Eeekk! Headmaster, sir,
you's is bleeding!"

"I am aware of the situation, Hinky. Mr. Potter is in the Astronomy
Tower. Do what you can for him. That is your mission."

The house elf's eyes grew enormous, and she started to tremble, but she
nodded her head just the same.

"Wait!" Amelon said, hurrying over to her. She flinched away as if
expecting to be hit, but he only took out a wand from his pocket and
handed it to her. "This is Lord Potter's. He will need it."

Hinky looked vaguely horrified at touching something as important as a
wand, but sensing the urgency of the situation, she snatched it from his
hand and disappeared. Amelon turned to Voldemort for some sort of
instructions, the situation far beyond anything he was prepared for, but
the Dark Lord was looking at Snape. The two wizards, only moments before
caught in their own private game of betrayal and pain, sought a
resolution without words and a truce without conditions. There was no
time for them to negotiate. Eventually, Snape nodded.

"Where am I needed most?" Voldemort asked.

"The main entrance."

The Dark Lord nodded and made his way to the door, leaving Amelon alone
with the headmaster. As he left, he heard Snape telling the Inquisitor
to secure the door. He glanced back briefly, watching the staircase to
the office turn and seal itself. Voldemort had a general idea of what
the response to this sort of attack entailed. If things went according
to plan, then Sentinel Seitler should appear shortly with reinforcements
to protect the headmaster and the security wards that he controlled.
Elsewhere in the castle, the students, staff, and other Sentinels were
arranging themselves at the intersection of every hallway and staircase
in the school, blocking off entrances without boxing themselves in,
while the castle itself let its defenses pick off, disorient, and
scatter the attackers. Alarms were sounding across Britain in Court
offices and Culties headquarters, alerting the nation's defenses to
Hogwarts' plight. In ten to twenty minutes, reinforcements would arrive
to fend off the attack, and more would continue to arrive until the
enemy was driven back or destroyed.

It had worked well during the first battle, but Voldemort knew things
wouldn't go as smoothly this time around. He could sense the enemy was
more formidable and better prepared. Already the enemy had breached some
of the towers, something the Italians had not managed to achieve.

He took a deep breath, calling upon his magic and clearing his mind for
the spells he would need. He reached out one hand to touch the cool
stone, while the other drew his wand. Immediately, he felt the magic of
the castle reach back to him. The magic seemed to shiver beneath his
palm, in fear and rage and excitement. He knew this feeling. It was the
same feeling he had known the day of the Solstice ritual, when he had
returned to the castle to hunt the madman, Moody, his mind and body
blazing with magic. It felt strangely muted now, without the extra power
singing through him, but it was still recognizable. The castle still
turned to him as a defender.

Softly, he began to murmur the beginnings of a spell.

Halfway down the corridor a row of windows exploded in a flash of glass
and orange sparks, and a witch sprang through the opening. Behind her
the wall of ancient stones suddenly seemed to boil, rolling into one
another, the windows that had been there moments before swallowed up so
that the hallway became a tunnel with only the wall sconces to see by.

She had just enough time to look around and spot him a few yards from
her, her dark eyes fiercely seeking out an enemy, before the candles
suddenly went out. He didn't know if she had seen him clearly enough to
recognize him, but he was almost certain she knew who it was that killed
her when his spell caught her, her blood and organs spilling out onto
the stones at her feet.

An offering, he chanted, an offering of blood and magic.

Beneath his hand, the castle trembled, the fear from before replaced by
hunger.

---

The alarm went off in Bristol just as Tom was pouring his second cup of
coffee for the night and flirting with one of the mail room censors in
the break room. Lestrange had gone home for the evening, leaving him
behind to 'tidy up' the office. He'd handed the job off to one of the
secretaries and used the opportunity to . . . make friends, as it were.

Tonight, it was Mindy the mail room censor, who was just bursting with
gossip she wasn't allowed to talk about except of course to those of
sufficient security clearance. Later, he would make a run to the
barracks and play a few rounds of cards with Lestrange's personal guards
to insure they continued to despise her.

Or at least, that had been his plan until the telltale gong of the alarm
shook the entire complex, and he spilled hot coffee on his hand. He
swore, dropped the pot, and ran for the door. In the hallway, witches
and wizards stood frozen, looking upwards as if the sound were
descending from heaven itself. Tom mentally sneered at them and hurried
out of the offices towards the barracks. As he had predicted,
Lestrange's personal guard, some thirty-odd men and women, were still
awake and killing time with a game of cards or reading, only now their
pursuits had been abandoned at the peculiar alarm sounding throughout
the compound. They were familiar with most alarms, but they had been
fighting in Germany when this sound had first been heard and didn't know
its meaning.

"We getting an earthquake or something, Captain?" a soldier joked
nervously as Tom burst through the door.

"No. You all have three minutes to get dressed and get your gear. That's
an order!" he snarled.

They jumped at the command, abandoning their game and books to scurry
into the rest of their uniforms and gather up their fighting gear. Tom
waited impatiently form the doorway for them to be ready, eying the
other barracks anxiously as lights were turned on and he could make out
movement in the windows. Others were finally starting to catch on. He
needed to get his troops ready and to the floo before any of the others.

The alarm was an opportunity, he knew it, but it could just as easily
turn into someone else' opportunity if he didn't get his people out to
the battlefield quickly.

In three minutes, the Culties were dressed and ready for battle,
mentally and physically. It hadn't taken much for them to realize that
they were going into a fight, and they were more than willing to get
down to it. They had been frontline fighters in Germany before they had
been pulled for the tedious and unappreciated role of General
Lestrange's flunkies. Captain Stratus had been promising them for weeks
that they had a greater chance of rising up the ranks by showing off
their abilities at home than in some foreign field. The big wigs rarely
left Bristol after all. It seemed it was finally time to find out if
Stratus had been telling them the truth or not.

"That alarm you hear right now," Stratus explained as they made their
way to the floo station between the barracks and the messhall, "is the
alarm for an attack on Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry."

Someone in their column froze mid-step, earning a fierce slap upside the
head when it caused the line to kink.

"This is the second time this has happened this year. First was by the
Italians, as you probably remember, but the chances are this time it's
the Germans. We do not know their intentions, and we do not know their
numbers."

"Doesn't that just paint a cheery fucking picture?" someone muttered
down the column.

"We're going to be the first in. We're going to take stock of the
situation, and then I'm going to have five of you turn around and report
to the five main branches what to expect. The rest of us are going to
stay and make some noise."

A cheer went up. Making noise was something they were good at.

"Grab your brooms and move out. Our entry point is floo Station number
nineteen."

They entered the floo station, a long narrow building empty but for the
storage lockers filled with brooms on one side and the row of twenty or
so large chimneys along the other. Despite the number available, they
were restricted to only two floos at a time, making progress slower than
Tom would have liked, but even so it took only ten or so minutes to get
everyone through. He stopped the last Cultie in the line before he could
enter.

"I want you to report to Lestrange," the captain said. "She should be
informed of what is happening."

The Cultie grimaced.

"Someone's probably already told her by now."

"Nevertheless, Yavern, I want to make certain she knows where we went
and why. I am making a judgment call in her absence, and I won't have us
accused of insubordination later."

He doubted Lestrange would do any such thing, as she would be eager to
claim credit for the quick action, but letting her own soldiers believe
she would, and that he wanted to protect them from her supposed
pettiness could only work in his favor. Yavern's brow lifted at the
thought, then lowered, and he nodded sullenly. Tom patted him on the
shoulder and turned to the floo himself.

"Floo Station Nineteen!" he shouted, and the sickening feeling of being
pulled through too little space much too quickly washed over him. After
a nearly half a minute, his feet hit the ground heavily and the momentum
carried him forward so that he half stumbled out of the fireplace. The
fireplace opened up into a large, one room shack. The place was dark
except for the candle someone had lit near the door, but there was
little to illuminate. A moldering cot was wedged in a corner, a work
bench beside it. Ancient herbs and animal pelts hung on the walls,
unrecognizable beneath cocoons of cobwebs and dust. A harsh, bitter wind
blew through the empty windows.

Tom glanced about, but there was no one else there so he went outside.
The Forbidden Forest lay to the right and back and the Shrieking Shack
stood ahead of him. Trapped between these two ominous places, the little
shack was almost guaranteed privacy, and on the other side of the shack
was a little path leading down to the village of Hogsmeade and a good
view of the castle little over half a mile in the distance. The Culties
were waiting for him outside, rubbing their hands together and muttering
spells to keep themselves warm. It was colder up there in the Northern
Highlands than what they were used to down in Bristol. The eerie
atmosphere didn't help much either.

"Helden went to scout ahead," a witch, Kettersby, said as he stepped
out. Tom nodded and tried not to let his impatience show. He told them
why Yavern wasn't coming.

"Poor bastard, I wouldn't want to be him when he gives that woman the
news," the witch said pityingly. He merely nodded and left to make
rounds with the others, making sure they were ready for a fight.
Finally, Helden returned, running out from behind the Shrieking Shack as
if he were being chased.

"Ah, hell! Ah bloody hell," he gasped as he came up to them. "It's bad,
sir! It's really, really bad!"

"Calm down, Private. What did you see? Do you have an estimate on their
numbers? Are there any in the village? Are they on brooms?" Tom
demanded.

"There has to be at least two thousand, sir! Maybe more!"

Silence followed this statement. Even Tom was taken aback by the number
given. He had to be mistaken.

"Get a hold of yourself, Helden. Where are they? How did you count
them?"

"They're out over the castle, sir! I think . . . I think half are on
brooms and half are on the ground. They . . . they're . . . They're
trying to storm the place! You can see the lights when their spells go
off!"

Tom tossed the wizard away and stalked around the shack to see for
himself. Behind him, the Culties followed. He was barely around the
corner when he saw the first tell-tale flashes of spellwork. Pinks and
whites and violets reflected against the clouds above, followed by low
rumbling like distant thunder. Once past the shack and standing on the
edge of the hill, he could see the castle in full and barely managed to
swallow a gasp. If anything, Helden's estimate was low.

Tiny black shapes swarmed around the castle like flies around a corpse,
visible against the glow of the castle's torches and flashing lights of
curses and charms. On the ground, the attackers were even more visible,
crowding around the edge of the moat to cast blasting and fire spells at
the castle walls and windows while others tried to force their way
through the drawbridge and portcullis. They did not appear to have
gotten in yet, at least not in any great number, but even a fortress
like Hogwarts could not hold against a persistent enemy of that number
for long.

"Shit," he muttered and took a deep breath**.**This was more than he had
been expecting to find, but he couldn't turn back now. Hogwarts could
not fall. He turned to the Culties. They were staring at the force
before them with unabashed horror, their earlier enthusiasm for action
dissolving.

"Mount up," he ordered.

"Captain, you can't be serious! We'll be slaughtered!" someone cried.

"Shut up! Do you want us to just let them take Hogwarts?" Kettersby
snarled back. "There are over six hundred children in there fighting for
their lives!"

"I've a little sister up there," a young wizard said.

"I've got cousins," said another.

"Shouldn't we at least wait for reinforcements? Getting killed won't
help anyone."

"*Enough!*" Tom snarled. "This isn't a discussion. Get on your damn
brooms. I have a plan."

---

Harry regained awareness with a shock and a hand over his mouth. He was
lying on his side, cold stone beneath him and the creak of wood above.
It was dark but for the slivers of light that slipped down from between
the floorboards, and in that fractured light Harry could just make out
the glimmer of silver fastenings of a Sentinel. But that form was just
out of reach, so who had their hand over his mouth? It was large, rough,
and smelled heavily of flour and onions.

There was a moment of confusion. What had happened? He remembered that
he was about to attempt an animagus transformation, and now he appeared
to be in some sort of crawl space with a Sentinel. He tried to reason
out what had happened, but the only conclusion he could reach was that
they were apparently hiding and if it was from whom he had seen in the
telescope, then he was in a lot of trouble.

He lied there stiff and still, listening to the creak of footsteps above
them and the familiar grumbling lilt of frustrated German being tossed
about. When his captor was satisfied he would not try to speak out, they
removed their hand and Harry took several deep shaky breaths and turned
to see who it was. It wasn't the second Sentinel like he had half
suspected. Even in the darkness, he could see the diminutive form of a
house elf and the shine of its large eyes.

It crept over his prone body and sought out his hand in the darkness,
its long fingers wrapping around his fingers gently before slipping
something into his palm. Magic, familiar and warm, surged up his arm. It
was his wand.

Quietly, he cast a Silencing Spell around their hiding space and the
sounds from above died. He sat up as much as he could in the little
space.

"Thank you," he said softly.

"It's a privilege to help a great wizard such as yourself, Lord Potter,
sir," the elf gushed happily, revealing 'it' to be a 'she'. Despite her
apparent pleasure at being of use to him, she still kept looking up
nervously as if she expected discovery at any moment. He felt a little
nervous about that himself. He crawled his way over to the Sentinel, and
before he even reached out to touch him he could make out the coppery
smell of blood.

"Hey, are you awake?" he asked, nudging a leg then quickly pulling away
when it came back wet.

"He's in a bad way, sir," the elf said sadly. "The other one was already
gone before Hinky arrived. You's was very lucky, sir. You was nearly
crushed like them, but you was already lying down between them when the
roof come down."

A shiver ran down Harry's spine. So he had yet another brush with death?
Hinky hadn't said as much, but his survival seemed to have only been
because of his smaller size and because the Sentinels' bodies had
propped up the heaviest of the debris. He touched his exposed skin and
tested all his limbs. Everything seemed to be fine. He couldn't find so
much as a splinter.

"Bloody hell . . . how bad is he?"

At this, Hinky fell very quiet. It was as good an answer as any.

"What's going on? Have they gotten in the castle?"

"Hinky don't know, sir, but they ain't gotten in from here. The tower's
done sealed itself. They's trying, but they ain't getting in that way.
Not yet anyway."

"That's good," he sighed.

Hinky shook her head.

"That's not good?"

The house elf made a distressed little sound and nibbled nervously at
her fingernails.

"The towers is all sealed, sir, so they can't get in, but we can't
either. We is trapped here."

Harry swore under his breath. That was very much not good. They might
hide there for a while, but for how long? Did anyone even know he was
here? Someone must know if Hinky had his wand. Hadn't Amelon taken it?
Did that mean Amelon had reached the castle before the attack? Was
Voldemort with him?

"Is Lord Voldemort here?"

"Oh! Yes, sir! He is. He is sure to scare them away and rescue us!"

Harry felt a stirring of conflicted feelings. Voldemort being here was
certainly better than him *not* being here, from a purely defensive
point of view, but he doubted it would discourage the attackers. If
anything, they might become *more* determined. No one could make a more
worthwhile target than the Dark Lord. His destruction would almost
guarantee victory for the Germans. Then there were his own personal
feelings in regards to the other wizard. It went without saying that he
would rather not be rescued by the man and once again be placed in his
debt.

But thinking like that was stupid and selfish. There was more at stake
now than his wounded feelings.

The Germans were going to take Hogwarts unless something was done, and
his friends, classmates, and teachers were all in serious danger. There
was no telling how far they would go. People would inevitably be killed
in the fighting, but what would happen afterward? Would they execute all
of the adults? Snape and the Sentinels at the very least. What about the
students? Would they kill the more rebellious ones to make a point?
Harry couldn't help but think of his fellow Gryffindors. Their reckless
and defiant natures would make them prime targets. Then there were the
Dueling Club members with their special skill sets and trained
agression. What would happen to those who lived? Would the Germans try
to hold them as hostages in the castle or try to take them back to
Germany where they could be held for ransom?

Thinking of it all terrified and infuriated him.

Right now everyone was fighting for their lives, possibly dying, and
what was he doing? He couldn't hide forever. He wasn't at all certain
what he *could* do, but nothing wasn't an option. Even now, right above
him, the enemy was trying to break into the castle, and not even Hinky
seemed to think the defenses would hold up for long.

"Hinky, listen to me," he said, and of course the house elf immediately
obeyed. "I need you to be very quiet. I'm going to take down the
Silencing Charm. When I do that, I want you to watch after him." He
pointed to the unconscious Sentinel. "No matter what happens, I need you
to stay quiet and not interfere, understand?"

In the darkness, he could just make out the elf chewing her fingers
again anxiously.

"Oh, sir, please don'tâ€”"

"Sshh!"

He removed the Silencing Charm with a flick of his wand, forcing Hinky
to silence her protestations. Her hands were now clamped over her mouth
as if to keep herself from screaming. Harry felt sorry for her but not
enough to stop what he intended to do. Above him the sound of several
Germans talking at once immediately filtered down.

"This is taking too long!"

"I'm working on it. Your griping isn't helping my concentrating."

"What's the problem? You were taught the spell!"

"Well, the old codger was wrong about it! There's another spell here.
I've got to get through it before I can get to other! So shut up!"

Amelon had locked the door with magic when he left, Harry remembered. It
was ironic that it should prove helpful in such a completely unrelated
situation. Carefully, he sat up and twisted himself so that he could
look up through a crack in the floor board. A Lumos Charm had been cast,
and from his limited viewpoint Harry could see three people crowded
together directly over where the Sentinel lay unconscious. There had
been a fourth voice, but he could not see where that person might be
standing.

Carefully, he lied down on the stone floor, and gripping his wand with
both hands, he aimed it through the crack. The scars on his palm began
to grow hot.

"*CONFRINGO!*"

Magic surged through his scar and into his wand, adding more magical
force than he had thought he could manage and more than he had wanted.
The force of the Blasting Curse tore up the floor above him completely,
smashed into the unsuspecting Germans, and through the wall of the
castle. Harry found himself chocking on a rain of sawdust and splinters,
and hurled himself upright. The Astronomy Tower was unrecognizable. Half
the roof had collapsed inward, burying the furniture and telescopes in
rubble and revealing an open sky with an army of witches and wizards
flitting by on broomsticks. The giant astrolabe seemed to be the only
thing that had kept the rest of the roof from coming down as well, and
even that was now starting to tilt from the force of Harry's spell. The
spell had also had the unintended consequence of shattering both
Amelon's spell and the castle's defensive spell, tearing open a hole in
the wall large enough to fit a small dragon through. The upside was that
none of the Germans seemed to be alive to take advantage of it, and the
wall itself was starting to close up on itself.

"Shit, shit, shit . . . Hinky! Get him inside!" Harry yelled, struggling
to climb out of the hole. The tower shook, throwing him off balance and
back into the crawl space. A flash of bright green light flared above
him, and he felt the sharp burn of dark magic brush against his skin.

The Killing Curse.

The fourth voice.

The tower shuddered again and lurched sideways. It was coming down, and
it was coming down *now.*

He threw himself to his feet, throwing out a Cutting Hex as he did.
Again his scar flared hot and the magic surged stronger than he had
intended. The Cutting Hex gave no light like some spells, but Harry
could still see when the curse, which was useful for its wide arching
sweep when aiming was difficult, struck the wizard by the sparks that
flew as the curse tore through the astrolabe he had taken cover behind
and through his body. For the briefest moment, Harry could see the
stunned expression of the wizard as his head flew from his body.

Horror flitted through Harry and then left just as quickly. His mind and
his body refused to stop and think of what he had just done. Survival
was what mattered now.

"POTTER, SIR!" came Hinky's terrified cry as the tower started to tilt
still further. He turned towards the opening and could see her standing
just inside the opening with her hand held out to him, the Sentinel
unconscious at her feet, and the wall closing quickly around them. He
threw himself out of the hole and stumbled towards the opening, but the
roof was starting to come down as the tower tilted and the astrolabe
began to roll away.

He would never make it.

He turned again and rushed for the only escape available for him.

The sky and open air greeted him with a blast of icy wind and the
terrifying thrill of falling. Behind him the tower was falling too,
falling towards him, coming down on top of him. He thought of feathers
and talons and his magical core, the world slowing down around him, but
still moving too fast. He couldn't spare the concentration to fear
whether he would be fast enough.

His magic was boiling beneath his skin, in his scarred hands, and the
air around him. He reached and pulled and prayed andâ€”

A hand seized his arm, jerking him around and onto the back of a broom.
His concentration was shattered, and for a second time that night the
animagus spell dissolved into nothing.

"I've got you!" the witch that had caught him crowed in German. "Hold on
tight! I don't think I can manage that a second time."

Harry could only sit there, stunned. Had he just been saved? By a
German? The broom swerved sharply to the left, startling him into
grabbing hold of her so he didn't fall off. A ball of fire fell behind
them, and he watched as it hit the ground and exploded, taking out
several ground troops in the process. He looked upwards to see where it
had come from.

The sky above was not the sky he had seen before. The moon was gone, and
in its place was thick, roiling blanket of clouds rolling downwards. As
he watched he could see flashes of spells and fire burst through the
cloud cover and fall to the earth, where the magic exploded in fire or
glass or some other nasty surprise.

"Bastards," the witch he held snarled. "Hiding like cowards! Mind
casting a few curses up there while I steer? It's hard to dodge and cast
spells at the same time."

Harry wondered if the woman was utterly starkers. Then he realized she
thought he was one of her comrades. A quick look around revealed why.
Everyone was dressed in black robes. So was he, the lighting was bad,
and she hadn't had time to look at him closely before catching him in
mid-air.

Well, that was . . . lucky?

"Are you awake back there? Now is not the time to space off, buddy."

Before he could think of a reply, she turned to see what was the matter.
This time she was close and even in the flickering light, the trademark
green glow in his eyes was unmistakable. She stiffened and then swung
around to point her wand. He caught her arm and threw his weight to the
side. Momentum and weight did the rest of the work, throwing them both
from the broom. Screaming, she fell away, and Harry let her go, throwing
up his hand to the sky.

"*Come*!"

He had not flown a broom in nearly two years and had not uttered that
spell in even longer, but the broom came to him with a familiar slap to
his palm and found its way beneath him as if it had always been there.
His descent immediately stopped and instead he shot upwards,
instinctively seeking out the higher vantage point just as he had in his
Quidditch Seeker days. His eyes scanned the skies, now for curses rather
than snitches, but the only danger came from the falling curses above
which he avoided nimbly with only half a thought. It seemed, even now,
no one had recognized him.

Now what?

Above him someone was doing what they could to fight against so many.
Should he go up there and see if he could help? He decided against it
almost immediately. If the Germans couldn't tell the difference between
him and they, then the chances were whoever was up there wouldn't be
able to either. Should he sneak back into the castle? There was a secret
entrance into Slytherin's lair in the Forbidden Forest he could sneak
back in through. But that would mean stumbling around at night in the
Forbidden Forest to look for the entrance, which he wasn't entirely
certain he could find nor did he know if it would have sealed itself off
like the rest of the castle had.

The towers, he realized. The invaders had nearly gotten through the
Astronomy Tower's seal and only Amelon's additional spell had probably
stopped them. They had said they knew the spell to get inside. That
meant the towers were vulnerable, and at least some of them had been
breached already. He could find a tower, get inside through there, and
then seal it off again behind him. After that, he could tell Voldemort
or Snape what he had seen and then work with everyone to drive out the
invaders for good.

It sounded like a ridiculous plan even to him, but it was the only plan
he had.

He pulled up his hood and began to circle the castle, hoping no one
would recognize him if he kept moving. The hood wasn't going to do him
much good against curses or the cold, but it might help him get close
enough to follow through with his plan. Already he could see the
Astronomy Tower was not the only one to have collapsed. The Arithmancy
Tower and the Owlery (thank Merlin Elsbeth had remained at the werewolf
colony) had also been destroyed, as if the castle itself were excising
its vulnerable places away from itself. Gryffindor Tower still stood,
and Harry could see spellwork not only being aimed at it but also spells
being cast *out* from it. That meant it was still being held by the
students. He looked for the old Divination Tower, long abandoned, and
the West Tower where the Beauxbaton students had lived during the
Triwizard tournament, but neither seemed to have been breached yet.

It wasn't until he circled around to the southeast end of the castle
that he spotted the entry point. Unlike Gryffindor Tower with its spire
roof, Ravenclaw Tower was designed as a watchtower with a large flat
platform roof and only a hatch to lock out the intruders. As Harry
watched, half a dozen Germans were casting spells on the hatch, while
three times that number hovered around them in a defensive circle, and
still more were trading curses through the narrow wandslits[^138-1] in the
tower wall with the students trapped inside. Despite the defensive
position, the students couldn't aim at the main threat trying to smash
in the roof above them, and the gargoyles that had previously guarded
the tower had been obliterated already.

Harry began to circle the tower, careful not to appear too obvious or
lose track of the curses still falling down from the cloud cover above.
No one paid him any mind, but his heart was pounding in his chest.
Hundreds, maybe thousands of witches and wizards willing and wanting to
kill him were flying around him, oblivious. He might have laughed at the
absurdity of it, but at the moment he was too sickened by what was
happening.

Minutes stretched, and the battle continued on with a great deal of
noise and movement, but not much change. The castle's natural and
magical fortifications held most of the invaders at bay, while a few
brave souls from within cast out curses from wandslits and broken
windows, only to have a dozen counterattacks flung back. Curses
continued to fall from the sky above, but there was no way to aim
through the cloud cover, and the spells did little more than cause a
little confusion below and take out the odd flying witch or wizard. The
invaders congregated at the perceived weak points, as many as could fit
in each nook and cranny and batted at the castle defenses, while those
who could not find a particular target flew or ran back and forth to
defend those who did.

Harry knew that he would be horrified later by the damage they were
inflicting. Parts of the castle had already fallen into piles of rubble,
and the Germans seemed intent on tearing it down to the very
foundations. But grief was for off the battlefield. For now, he would
need to rely on his anger and fear, and yes, his exhilaration.

The hatch into Ravenclaw Tower finally gave way, exploding upward and
outward so that the spell casters were tossed partially aside. Harry
didn't hesitate. Throwing himself forward, he aimed his broom for the
now gaping hole in the tower. He drew his wand from his sleeve, mentally
preparing himself for the maneuver that would spin him around to cast
the Web Hex[^138-2] at the open hatch and keep him from breaking his neck in
the process. Curses cast from the castle defenders flew past him like a
blast of heat in the icy air, tingling against his senses but never
connecting as he flashed passed the invaders who seemed to be floating
still around him.

Faster and faster, though there was little distance to go. He had to be
the first through to close the entryway behind him.

From inside the dark opening in the hatch there appeared a red glow, and
the scar in Harry's hand suddenly burned hot. Instinctively, he tried to
pull up at the last moment but only managed to turn his body so the fire
struck his side rather than his face. His broom and wand were torn from
his grip by the blast and his body would have been thrown from the tower
completely, if he hadn't hit the crenellations around its rim first. For
a moment, Harry was too stunned to move. Shock quickly gave way to
panic.

He let out a shout of pain and started to roll on the ground, struggling
with his cloak until the burning material was finally torn off. Harry's
face and hands stung, but didn't think he had been burned too badly. He
crawled towards the edge of the tower and propped himself against the
crenellations to catch his breath and gather his senses. Looking towards
the hatch door, he could see flames still billowing out of it, and there
was a sort of roaring noise to be heard through the ringing of his ears.

It seemed he had survived his second bungled plan for the night, and the
Ravenclaws hadn't needed his help to protect their tower after all. He
would have been proud of them if it weren't for the unfair resentment of
being set on fire.

For a minute or two after the blast, which had stunned more than just
Harry when it had gone off, no one paid the boy huddled atop the tower
any mind. They were much too busy checking their people for injuries and
trying to quell the magical fire to pay him much mind. But eventually,
someone did notice him.

"Hey!"

Harry turned reflexively. Three wizards standing at the edge of the
tower stared back at him, their eyes widening in disbelief. Harry was
suddenly reminded that he had just thrown off his cloak, and if his
school robes weren't hard enough to miss, his face was damn near
impossible.

Luckily, he was quicker to get over his surprise than they were.

"*Accio* wand!" he summoned even as he leaped to his feet. His body
screamed in protest and his head swam, but he kept moving forward. The
wizards who had spotted him lifted their wands hastily, but they were
still recovering from surprise, and when they didn't let out a spell
fast enough Harry rammed bodily straight through the middle of them,
knocking all four of them over the edge of the tower. Harry's free hand
was already wrapped around a broom as they went over, and he was flying
away before anyone could think to stop him. There were shouts of protest
over the terrified screams of the falling wizards, and Harry knew his
ruse was over.

His makeshift disguise was lost. His attempt to enter the castle had
failed. He had already been recognized and as soon as everyone else
realized what was going on, it would be hopeless.

The only option left to him was escape, and it would be a miracle if he
managed that.

He tried to rise higher, hoping to make a break for the cloud cover
above, but he was already being pursued, and although he was a faster,
better flier, he wasn't good enough to outfly half a dozen hexes at
once. He had to fly lower to seek protection amongst the enemy, dodging
around them to keep his pursuers from getting a clear shot. Witches and
wizards swerved and dived around him, hexes shooting in every direction,
not all of them aimed at him even if felt as if they were. His heart was
pounding in his ears, and he was half deaf to the noise of the
battlefield.

A wizard appeared just ahead of him, his wand thrown up as soon as Harry
was in his line of sight, forcing him to turn sharply back towards the
castle. Mentally, he swore. They had begun circling around to cut him
off and there was no telling which wizards were targeting him and which
were still oblivious. He was tempted to start throwing curses at
*everyone*, seriously tempted, but there were too many, and it would
only have made his situation worse.

He dove lower, turned sharper, flew faster, and tried to find an opening
to break away. No matter what he did, he couldn't veer away to escape.
Whenever he tried, the crowd thinned and the curses came raining down
from every direction. He had to do something and quick. He had almost
circled the castle, and the lake was coming up. There was no one on the
water and barely anyone flying above it. He'd be an easy target.

He needed a distraction.

His eyes danced around the field looking for incoming curses and
inspiration. They inevitably found their way to the castle entrance
where hundreds of the enemy had amassed in their attempt to break
through. He made a sharp turn and headed straight for it.

There were nearly a dozen wizards after him now, coming from every
direction, trying to box him in, but he still had the instincts of a
Quidditch Seeker, and twisted away or feinted or dodged everything they
threw at him. There were too many close calls. Two curses thrown at him
from either side forced him to duck dangerously low, his feet skimming
the ground and bowling over an unsuspecting witch. An attack from
directly to his left made him throw up a counter-curse and threw him off
balance so that he nearly ran into the Whomping Willow.

But he reached the castle and turned to follow closely along the wall
over the moat. He was exposed there, but there was no good place to aim
at him except from directly to his right where he threw up the strongest
blocking charms he knew. He raced towards the drawbridge, his wand up
and ready. Curses and hexes pounded against his shields, wind bit
against his exposed hands, but the scars on his hand burned hotter the
closer death crept towards him.

He rounded the bend of the castle, and the drawbridge was in his line of
sight, witches and wizards crowded tightly onto it. If he could have, he
would have used the Old Magic. Something magnificent and terrible and
awe-inspiring. The Old Magic was good for that. If you weren't in its
path of destruction, and therefore dead, it would demand the attention
of anyone there to witness it. It would have been a marvelous
distraction as well as an attack.

But he didn't have the time nor the concentration to spare for it. He
had to settle for an amplified Burning Hex instead.

And that was why he failed.

No sooner then he had released the hex, the witches and wizards on the
bridge threw up a wall of shields. None of them would have been able to
block Harry's spell on their own, but there were dozens, and as his
curse struck the wall of magic it rebounded back towards him. Another
wall of firewas speeding towards him.

His momentum was too great to stop or avoid the fire barreling towards
him, so he threw himself off his broom and fell. When he landed, he
thought for an instant he had hit the ground and been smashed to pieces,
the violence of the impact was so jarring, but then it was the cold, wet
rush of water that stunned him. His eyes were wide open as he stared
above him at the fire burning above him through the distorted haze of
lake water. He continued to stare as hesaml quickly to the bottom until
his back and head touched the muddy bottom below.

He nearly gasped in lake water when he realized he might drown . . .
again. He floundered for a moment to pull himself upright and struggle
back towards the surface. He stuck his wand, amazingly still clutched in
a death grip in his hand, in his mouth and swam as hard as he could for
the surface. He could not swim directly upwards. Fire still burned at
the surface of the water, and he was forced to swim much further to the
nearest dark space he could see.

The water was freezing, a reminder of other, unpleasant memories and
fears. The exhilaration of battle was washed away instantly, and in its
absence the cold rushed in, stealing his strength and his senses. But he
was still alive, so he struggled on, struggled to keep the darkness
creeping in, from taking him completely, struggled to move leaden limbs,
and struggled to keep from gasping lake water to drench the burning in
his lungs.

He broke the surface, gasping air hot with fire and magic and swallowed
a scream.

Above him it was dark, but loud and echoing with voices and the thud of
feet against wood. He was directly beneath the drawbridge. The moat was
fortunately shallow, and the gentle flow had pushed him to the only safe
place for him to come up for air. The bridge was low and wide, meaning
he was shielded from view from both those on the bridge and those on the
shore. One side of the bridge was still burning hotly from Harry's
spell, which meant no one was going to try looking in on his hiding
space on that side, at least.

His senses dulled by cold and panic, it took him a ridiculously long
time to figure this out. He still wasn't safe. He needed out of the
water. It was killing him. Weakening him, pulling him back down to
smother him. But he couldn't get out.

One side of the bridge was burning; the other left him exposed to the
Germans. He had no broom. He couldn't apparate this close to the castle.
If he tried to blow up the bridge above him as he had in the Astronomy
Tower, he would be trapped under the debris and drowned. If he did
nothing and just hid, he would either freeze, drown, or be found and
killed.

It looked like it was going to be one of those nights.

---

"They have inside help," Amelon noted, his eyes flitting over the map,
trying to take it all in. The number of the enemy was only half the
problem. "They've found all the weakest points."

"I know," Snape said without inflection. He was still bleeding and
hadn't been able to keep steady on his feet, but if he was concussed the
Inquisitor couldn't tell. The Headmaster was currently seated at his
desk, staring up at the gallery of paintings all around him. Most of the
frames were empty, but occasionally a headmaster, red and puffing, would
appear and tell him something about the progress of the battle and the
condition of the students and staff. Amelon relayed what he could from
the map. It was difficult. The castle was large, the occupants were
numerous, and he was unfamiliar with both. Still, he could see things
were going badly.

Snape took at deep breath and let it out slowly.

"Would you locate my wife, Inquisitor Amelon? She will be a violet dot
like the staff. She should have been in the dungeons before the attack."

"Headmaster, this really isn'tâ€”"

"Inquisitor Amelon," Snape interrupted, turning his black eyes towards
the other. Amelon could see murder in his eyes, and he suddenly
remembered he had stood there while the Dark Lord had threatened to
mutilate the other's wife. "There are six wizards currently headed in
our direction with every intention of breaking down the door and killing
me. I likely will not have the opportunity to ask again. You likely will
not have the opportunity to look."

" . . . I don't know whether you're being a pessimist or a romantic."

Snape didn't reply, but Amelon was already looking. Fortunately, there
were only a few violet dots to sort through.

"She appears to be going towards the infirmary. There are students with
her."

"Collecting the wounded," Snape murmured to himself, then frowned.
"Where is the Dark Lord?"

"He's only on the second floor."

Given the time that had passed since he left, he could easily have made
his way to the main entrance and back again, but he was only halfway
there. Amelon couldn't account for it, but Snape didn't seem concerned.

"What aboutâ€”"

There was a sudden 'whoosh' sound, followed by a rapid drop in pressure
that threatened to rupture their eardrums, and immediately followed by
the office trembling. Dust rained down from the ceiling, and frames fell
from the wall, smashing to splinters. Snape closed his eyes again and
leaned back in his chair.

"They're here. Flip the map and hide if you can."

Amelon did as he was ordered and hid himself inside of an alcove off to
the side of the desk, casting a spell to make the wall on either side of
him appear smooth and continuous. It wouldn't stand up to a serious
search, but if he were lucky they would never even think to look for
him. Snape remained seated behind his desk, turned away from the
portraits now in favor of the door across the room. Amelon watched
transfixed as the Headmaster lifted his wand and slowly started to tap
it against his desk, slow and even, like the ticking of a clock. Blood
ran down the length of his face, dripping of the tip of his long nose
and sharp chin, his expression frozen in a cold anger. He closed his
eyes.

There was another 'whoosh', pressure drop, and shudder. Fifteen seconds
later, it happened again only this time something gave. The magic broke
and door burst inward, sending shards of stone and wood flying across
the room. Dust and splinters rained down on the seated wizard, catching
in his sticky blood and sweat.

"Surrender now or ve'll kill you," someone shouted in accented English
from the other side of the gaping doorway.

Snape continued to tap his wand and said nothing. There was a drawn out
silence where no one spoke on either side of the door, and only the
shuffle of robes and the tapping wand could be heard. Finally, however,
a figure appeared at the doorway, moving through the haze of dust into
the room. Snape opened his eyes and stopped tapping.

Black eyes stared at the intruder, slightly older with dark hair and an
aquiline noise more generous in proportion than his own. Blue eyes
stared back. Their wands remained trained on each other.

"Do you surrender?" the wizard asked in a thick Italian accent,
challenging him to decline. Snape was a Slytherin, however, and
uninterested in games of bravado.

"And just who would I be surrendering to?"

The captain hesitated, caught off guard by the seemingly quick
capitulation.

"Captain Mandalariâ€”"

"And do you actually have the authority negotiate the terms of
surrender?" the Headmaster asked skeptically.

"I do."

"Then what are your terms?"

"You will surrender your wandâ€”"

"For the *school*, you nitwit."

Mandalari scowled and his hand tightened around his wand, but he
answered.

"You will order the students and staff to surrender, relinquish their
wands, and gather peaceably in the dining hall. You will deactivate the
castle defenses. Do this and you'll save lives."

"Whose lives? The student's lives? Or *your* lives?"

"You can't win this, but there is no reason more people need to die than
necessary."

Snape let out a snort.

"You're dead, Mandalari. All of your people are dead, just like the last
time you tried to take this school."

" . . . *Obstringo!*"

"*Nigerimortus vitis*!"

The Captain's binding spell hit dead center, trapping Snape rigidly to
his chair and causing his wand to fall from his hand. He wasn't,
however, fast enough to stop the Headmaster's spell. Rather than strike
the captain though, the magic hit the desk, and from the center rose a
black shadowy stain that radiated outwards. Within seconds the shadows
had condensed into black tendrils that continued to creep their way off
the desk and around the room. The tendrils slithered down to the ground,
crept across the floor, up the furniture and walls, over the portraits
and wall hangings, and beneath the rugs. The Captain stumbled away from
the encroaching vines until he was backed all the way to the door.

"*Enfeugo!*" he snarled and waved his wand. The tendrils burned and
writhed, turning to ash readily, but only on a small patch, and within
moments more tendrils had grown to cover the empty patch again. Worse,
the new growth immediately sprouted two inch long thorns that glowed
faintly violet at the tips.

"Careful," Snape warned, frozen to his chair but looking unaffected by
his defenselessness. "The thorns are filled with poison."

From outside the door there came a string of German, fast and angry,
followed by another voice, and then there quickly drew an argument that
reminded Snape like nothing so much as a flock of angry geese bickering
at each other. Mandalari's expression darkened, and he snarled something
that had all of them falling silent.

Snape smiled coldly.

"They sound rather high strung. Are they worried the Dark Lord will come
back? It's a pity, you just missed him."

Mandalari froze, while beyond the wall several Germans broke out into
excited conversation. It seemed at least one of them knew what he had
said.

"Do you understand now?" Snape continued as if speaking to particularly
dim students. "He's here in the castle. That's why you're all dead."

"You're lying," Mandalari said.

"Would I be this calm if I were?"

"... Why are you bleeding?"

Snape just continued to smile, the answer a secret he would gladly
torment him with until his dying breath. Mandalari lifted his wand
threateningly.

"Where is he?"

"Where he can kill as many of you as possible, of course."

The Captain turned on his heel and retreated the rest of the way out of
the office and into the hall, where four German witches and wizards
waited anxiously for him.

"I'm going to find him," he stated plainly in German.

"What about the rest of us?" a witch protested.

"The four of you will stay here and do what you can to deactivate the
wards. I'm sure you'll manage to figure out something."

"You can't take the Dark Lord on your own!"

"I'm never alone . . ." he said, his free hand finding the crucifix and
squeezing it gently. The witched wasn't impressed, but didn't bother
arguing. There was no point arguing with fanatics.

"What about the Headmaster?" she asked instead.

"If you can't make him cooperate . . . kill him."

---

Harry could feel himself dying. The cold and weakness seeping into him
was too familiar for him not to recognize it. He might have already
drowned if not for the slight embankment of stones and debris against
the castle wall, which had gave him something to stand on rather than
swim. He was shivering so badly he had to holster his wand back up his
sleeve or risk dropping it. A mere half foot above him, the bridge
rumbled with footsteps and voices over the ringing in his ears.

If his own situation was bad, the castle's wasn't much better. He could
feel the walls trembling just as his hands did, and it made his heart
ache to think that they might fall together that day. On the bridge, the
Germans cast spell after spell in unison, while those on brooms standing
guard over them cheered and shouted encouragement.

Harry hated them.

Harry hated that he could do nothing about it.

Exhausted, freezing, and surrounded by the enemy, he could think of
nothing to get out of his situation. His palm burned, ready to cast a
spell, but he could think of nothing to cast. If he blew up the bridge
above him it would collapse on top of him. If he tried to move from his
hiding spot, he would become the target of hundreds of curses at once.
His animagus form would drown if he attempted it here. Even warming
charms were useless while submerged in water.

Merlin, he was tired.

He closed his eyes and rested his forehead against the stones of the
castle.

"I'm sorry. I don't know what to do. I'm sorry . . ."

Beneath his hands the castle suddenly felt warm.

Oh . . . *oh!* The castle was alive. The castle had always been alive.
He knew this. He had known this for years, had sensed it from the day he
first saw it. It had been alive, but he had never felt it *stirring*like
this before. He could feel its magic beating like heart, filled with so
many emotions. Like a restless spirit.

Or god.

"Please," he prayed. "Help me protect you. Tell me how."

The stones beneath his hand began to tingle with magic, but he received
no answer. Perhaps there was no answer to give. Perhaps it didn't know.
A violent shiver ran through him, and he felt his vision darkening. He
tried again.

"Madris, please help me protect my home," he prayed, calling upon the
older, wiser goddess. "I will make this castle your temple if you will
only help me save it."

Water surged up from beneath, submerging him and pushing him upwards so
that he knocked his head on the bridge above him. The water receded
again, leaving Harry sputtering and floundering, and with a nasty bruise
forming on the back of his head. On the right side of the bridge, the
water was rising up from the mysterious surge, and above him he could
hear shouts of panic. Even as he floundered frantically trying to keep
his head above water, he suddenly knew what he had to do.

Harry's element was water, especially cold water. He knew one day it
would probably lead to his death, but that had done nothing to diminish
its affinity to him. Indeed, it had probably only strengthened it. It
would serve him now.

Taking a deep, calming breath, Harry let himself sink below the icy
waters. The water was no warmer than it had been before, and the burning
of his scarred hand was the only heat to be found. He accepted it.
Accepted the cold and the darkness and the crushing pressure. Accepted
it and let it embrace him and let his magic reach out to embrace it in
return. A current began to flow, circling him like the center of a
whirlpool. Slowly at first, then faster and faster.

Harry reached deeply inside himself for his own magic, the scars' magic,
Madris' magic, any source of magic he could draw upon. Even the castle's
magic seemed to be flowing into him and then out of him into the frigid
waters, making them boil and churn.

There were spells that controlled water, both ancient and modern, but he
didn't know them. He didn't even know the names of the gods he might
call upon for the answer, and wouldn't have dared try to summon yet
another when his first prayer had just been answered. So in his usual,
reckless fashion, he made a gamble that could save or destroy everything
he was trying to achieve.

"Magic, do thy will."

The whirlpool collapsed, the water surged sideways, and Harry was swept
away. Immediately, he lost all sense of direction as he went tumbling
into the violent current. The water was boiling with magic around him,
but still so cold and now threatening to smash into something and
shatter him to pieces.

If he didn't drown first.

He could do nothing more except curl up, cover his head, pray, and try
not gasp in a lungful of moat water in a panic. His head ached,
*everything*ached, his lungs burned, his stomach churned, and there
seemed to be no end to it. 'Live or die,' he thought wildly, but the
thought would go no further. 'Live or die'. His choice or the gods?

Then it stopped as abruptly as it had started, the waters throwing him
roughly to smooth stone and then withdrawing like ocean waves receding
from the shore. The force of it made him gasp and choke on the mixture
of air and water. He struggled to breathe in the air and cough out the
water simultaneously, until he started to retch. When at last his
struggles to breathe had been won, he rolled over onto his back and
opened his eyes.

Above him he could make out a very blurry stone ceiling and large timber
beams lit by torchlight.

He was in the castle.

How?

He tried to move, to get up and look around, but all he managed to do
was uncurl himself so that he lay prone on his back. His wet clothes
felt like lead weighing him down. It was a struggle just to keep his
eyes open, and there wasn't much to see. He had lost his glasses in the
water. Despite all this, he felt rather pleasantly numb or partially
drunk, and even the cold seemed somehow more bearable while lying
*inside* Hogwarts.

He wanted to sleep. He had done enough, hadn't he? Everything he could,
for better or ill. He didn't think he had anything else left to give.

Something grabbed his ankle and spun him around, then dragged him
swiftly across the floor. Water Harry hadn't even realized he was lying
in sloshed around him as he went. He turned his head just enough to see
a dazed and wet German wizard attempting to climb to his feet as he
passed by. At least, he thought it was a German. It might have been a
Sentinel, it was hard to tell with them all wearing black. With a sense
of detachment, he continued to watch from the corner of his eye as the
same wizard was hit by a Cutting Hex and collapsed yet again. He hoped
that was a German. He turned his attention to the foot he was being
dragged by, but there was nothing to see. It dangled in midair by some
sort of magic.

"Merlin, Potter, where the hell did you come from?" Angelina's voice
demanded in exasperation.

His foot was dropped, and suddenly there were hands pulling him upright
and faces hovering close enough that even with his miserable eyesight he
was able to recognize some of them.

"H-hey," he greeted through chattering teeth. "D-did I m-miss
any-anything?"

"We should be asking you that. How the hell did you get outside?" a boy
asked.

With a bit of squinting and concentration, Harry managed to recognize
Gerald St James, Ginny's jealous ex-boyfriend.

"There will be time for that later," Angelina interrupted, drawing back
his attention. Now that he was concentrating, he could see she looked
terribly pale and there was a dark smear of blood across her cheek and
forehead. Her mouth formed into a hard line as she looked him up and
down.

She muttered a spell and Harry was suddenly dry. Another spell and his
clothes few warm, almost unbearable so, as if they had been left near a
fire before he put them on. It felt wonderful, but it made him want to
curl up on the floor and sleep more than ever.

"Angelina, slap me," he requested sleepily.

She blinked, and did as he said. The sting helped wake him a little.

"I'm here if you want another one," Gerald offered.

Harry forced himself to support his own weight and look around. Two
other classmates had been holding him up, but retreated as soon as he
proved he could stand on his own. He swayed slightly, but managed to
keep his feet. He looked around to get an idea of what had happened.

They were in a large hallway just off the main entrance hall, which was
currently flooded with several inches of water and littered with sopping
wet witches and wizards, some struggling to orient themselves and others
dead or unconscious on the floor. Students, many of them soaking wet
themselves, partially hid themselves in adjoining corridors and took
shots from behind pillars and statues at the Germans left vulnerable in
the open space of the hall. Gargoyles and statues waded through the
water, crushing and bashing the invaders with their paws and hooves,
killing them remorselessly. Somewhere, someone was laughing
hysterically.

A few feet away, he recognized the unmistakable stature of Professor
Flitwick and another witch in a large brim hat that had to be
McGonagall. There were other forms in dark uniforms around them that
were probably Sentinels. Although it was difficult to tell, it seemed
that Flitwick and McGonagall were casting some sort of spell that was
draining the water out of the hall and using it to create an enormous
ice dam in front of the gaping entrance, while the Sentinels protected
them from enemy attack. As far as Harry could tell, his wild magic had
caused the moat to leap its confines and flow straight into the castle,
knocking down the remaining defenses and sweeping Harry and a number of
hapless Germans inside in the process.

He was horrified to realize what he had done, accomplishing the very
thing the Germans had been striving for. Fortunately, the teachers and
students had been faster to recover from Harry's flood than the Germans
and were already sealing up the opening once again. He took a step
towards the professors, but was immediately overcome with dizziness.
Angelina caught him, and to his surprise so did Gerald. He supposed
their disagreements were too petty to bother with under the
circumstances. The two put his arms around their necks and half carried
him towards the professors. It was slow and awkward, and by the time
they managed to cross the mere twenty feet, the professors had moved on
from building the ice dam to fortifying with various charms and curses.
Harry recognized only a few of them.

"I suppose we have you to thank for this?" McGonagall said by way of
greeting. To his surprise, there was little accusation and more a grim
sort of approval.

"Yes. I'm sorry," he said sincerely.

"Don't be. You've bought us some time despite yourself. I'm afraid it
won't do us much good unless reinforcements arrive soon."

"Any sign of Lord Voldemort?" he asked. It was possible she didn't even
know the Dark Lord was in the castle. Sentinel Seitler, however,
answered for her.

"The portraits say he's coming in from the Headmaster's office, but he's
taking his sweet time. It'll be over by the time he gets here."

Harry tried to think what could be taking the dark wizard so long. Could
he have run into trouble on the way? Was he even heading this way? He
might have some other scheme to oust the invaders that had nothing to do
with holding the front entrance.

"We've held on well so far, but we can't hold out for much longer,"
Flitwick agreed solemnly. "There's just too many of them, and they know
what they're doing. We're trapped here. There's no . . . Wait! Harry?!"

The dwarfish professor abandoned his charms in order to turn to Harry,
seizing him by his robes and practically pulling him down to his level
on his knees.

"Y-yes?"

"How did you get out of the castle that day Lestrange locked it down?"

"Um . . . I . . ." He felt a natural reluctance to discuss the Chamber
of Secrets, which as its name implied seemed best left just that. A
secret. However, when Harry realized what Flitwick was getting at, his
eyes widened and he felt some of his former energy returning. "There is
a way out through the dungeons. There is a tunnel that leads into the
Forbidden Forest."

Flitwick and McGonagall shared a look, briefly, before the
Transfiguration professor went back to casting spells on the ice dam.

"Do you think you could lead the castle residents out?" Flitwick asked.

"I . . . yes. I think so." Yet even as he said it, something felt wrong.
The entrance to the chamber might be reluctant to allow so many people
inside, and the basilisk inside might not be too pleased either. She had
grown significantly between his visits, and after all the time that had
passed since he last saw her, she might well be bigger than him now and
considerably more lethal. But what else could he do? This might be their
only chance to get everyone out safely. They had to give it a try.

"Everyone is scattered around the castle . . . and then there's the
injured," Flitwick said, mostly to himself. "We can probably get most of
them out, but not all. There isn't enough time."

"Patronus," Angelina interrupted. "We can send out patronae to let
everyone know to retreat to the dungeons. The portraits and the house
elves can help guide them to the fastest, safest routes."

"Good thinking," Flitwick said, looking a little less grim. "We will try
to hold them off for as long as we can. Ms. Johnson, gather the students
you know who can cast a Patronus and have them carry the evacuation
order. Mr. St. James, please inform the portraits and see if you can't
summon some elves to assist.

"Sentinel Seitler, if you would be so good as to escort Mr. Potter to
the dungeons to await the others. It's imperative that he get there
safely to lead everyone out."

Harry almost protested to insist that he could stay and help with the
ice dam, but realized that would have been stupid. He was magically and
physically spent, and if he were killed or captured there would be no
one to open the secret passage, send the away the basilisk, or show them
the tunnel that led into the forest. Solemnly, he nodded and accepted
Seitler's hold as Gerald and Angelina left to fulfill their own roles.
Even as he did so a feeling of wrongness niggled at him.

Harry was too weak to do much more than hobble along with the Sentinel's
support. If Seitler thought his role was less than he was qualified for,
he was professional enough not to voice his opinion. They made their way
towards the dungeons in silence, and despite their circumstances Harry
found himself dozing off.

He was startled into wakefulness again when Seitler suddenly went slack
and fell out from under his arm. The sudden shift in support and weight
caused Harry to lose his balance and fall over on top of the wizard. He
struggled to push himself up and off the man. Beneath him, Seitler
didn't so much as flinch when Harry's elbows jabbed him in ribs or
stomach. Before Harry could figure out what had happened, a hand
appeared from behind him, seizing the collar of his shirt and pulling
him up and away from his intended protector. Harry panicked and flailed,
trying to pull free but only managed to tear his collar and pop a few
buttons for his efforts. The hand released his collar only to grab his
hair and yank painfully, forcing Harry to arch backwards and fall to his
knees. He stared up blearily at the figure hovering above him.

"I know you," the man said in an Italian accent. "You're the devil's
apprentice."

Harry grimaced and clawed at the hand with his blunt fingernails. The
man hissed as he drew blood, but he didn't let go. Instead he shook his
captive sharply, tearing loose tufts of hair as he did so.

"Where is your master?" the man demanded.

"Voldemort?" Harry scoffed defiantly. "Haven't seen him."

"Don't lie to me. I will hurt you."

"If I knew where he was, I would happily tell you, so you could go off
to get yourself horribly killed. But I don't so I can't."

He was pulled roughly to his feet, his wand hand seized and pulled
harshly behind his back. Harry grunted in pain, which only worsened as
he pulled the tendons of his shoulder trying to keep upright and moving
as the Italian wizard pushed and pulled him along.

"We will find him together then."

---

"Vere are de vards?" the witch snarled, leaning over the headmaster with
obvious menace. Snape regarded her impassively from his fixed position
in his chair.

"I'm sorry, but was that English? I can't tell."

She hissed in frustration and cast a Choking Hex. Snape stiffened but
could do nothing else as he felt an invisible force squeezing his
throat. He was only just starting to turn red from oxygen deprivation
when another wizard who had been busy freezing the black vines, turned
and cast the counter-spell. Snape made an effort not to gasp and merely
took several deep breaths. The witch and wizard argued fiercely to each
other in German for a moment, before the witch gave up and left the
Headmaster to her colleague.

"Silly girl," said the wizard, a young blond man with a large scar
across his nose. "You should never use that spell during an
interrogation. She might have crushed your vindpipe and den how vould ve
get our answers?" he asked congenially.

Snape knew he was in real trouble now. The witch wasn't particularly
clever or inherently cruel, but this wizard was a different matter. He
had worked with enough sadists during the last war to recognize one on
sight. He had done well enough on stalling up to now. It took a
ridiculous amount of time for the Germans to realize Freezing Charms
worked better than Fire Charms on the enchanted vines, but even then
disposing of the vines was still proving beyond them. With the vines in
place there was no way to search the office properly. Drawers and
cabinets were held shut, wall hangings were obscured, and furniture was
fixed to the floor. The only real progress they had made was that while
the Freezing Charms were in place they could walk through and the over
the vines without being overwhelmed by them. Even then, it had taken two
people at a time to keep the Freezing Charms going, while one wizard
guarded the hallway, and the last was left alone to interrogate their
prisoner. All Snape had to do was sit there and say nothing. It wasn't
as if he had much choice in the matter.

"I prefer de eyes myself," the wizard continued. "Nothing induces a
panic like de feeling of vuns eyeball bursting in its socket. People
vill do or say almost anything to de save de other."

A thumb came up to press against his eyelid and *pushed*lightly. Snape
reminded himself that eyes were easily replaceable and fell back on his
training as an occlumens. He might not be in control of what happened to
his body, but he could still control his mind enough not to panic. He
would not break so easily.

The thumb pulled away. Snape opened his eye to see the wizard staring
back at him with admiration.

"Not doing it for you, is it? Vell, dere's always my second favorite. De
hands."

Hands were not nearly as easy to replace as eyes. It was why Voldemort
had chosen them as the object of torment during his visit. Snape
continued to keep his expression blank, but when the tip of a wand
pressed into the top of his hand, the limb twitched against his consent.
The interrogator smiled triumphantly.

"Yes, de hands den. Now, whereâ€”"

"Aahh!"

The scarred wizard spun around, expecting an attack but saw no one else.
He demanded to know what had happened in German, and the witch replied
rather frantically. Snape spoke French, not German, but he could follow
the conversation enough to realize that the other wizard in the room had
carelessly scratched himself on one of the poisoned thorns. The injured
wizard couldn't explain this himself, because he was already on the
ground, eyes rolling in the back of his head and his veins bulging in
the same toxic hue of the violet poison. Seeing an opportunity, Snape
spoke up.

"The antidote is in the cupboard in the black potions bag. He'll be dead
in two minutes without it."

His interrogator looked startled, then suspicious.

"Vhat is de counter-spell for de vines? Dey're blocking de cabinet."

"Even if I told you, it wouldn't work for you. The spell is tied to me.
Only I can cast the counter-spell. If you'd like to give me my wandâ€”no?
Well, then the clock is ticking for your friend . . ."

The wizard's expression twisted from its previous congeniality into a
hateful sneer. He bit out a Punching Hex that left Snape's jaw aching
and his nose broken. Yet more blood gushed down his face, and he
wondered if he wasn't going to die of blood loss before he was forced to
give anything up. It seemed too optimistic of a possibility to
entertain.

For a minute or two, however, the two remaining Germans busied
themselves with breaking into the cabinet. During this momentary
distraction, Amelon finally decided to make himself useful, and cast the
counter-spell on the Binding Charm, freeing the Headmaster. Snape threw
himself to the ground behind his desk, and shoved his hands into the
mass of writhing black vines. They yielded to him obediently, releasing
his wand that had been dropped in the fight and hidden. Pointing his
wand through the narrow opening beneath his desk, he didn't waste time
with anything clever.

"Avada Kedavra."

The curse struck the nearest set of legs, killing the target instantly.
The witch fell dead. The remaining wizard shouted out a spell, and Snape
threw himself away from the desk just as it was crushed into kindling
from above. Snape wasn't quite fast enough. The curse caught his right
leg before he could get away. For an instant he felt nothing, and then
his vision went white with agony, and he cried out from the shock of it.

When he finally became coherent, a foot was on his wand wrist and the
German wizard was staring down at him in absolute fury. Snape resigned
himself to death, his mind settling on the only comforting thought thing
he could think of. Voldemort would have no reason to harm Ira now, and
Harry, reckless fool though he was, would make sure she was taken care
of. He looked up at his death and glared back defiantly.

"Sectumsempra."

Blood sprayed, soaking him. He flinched, expecting yet more pain, but it
wasn't his blood. His captor stumbled back, blood gushing from the open
gash across his neck and chest. He hit the wall and would have fallen to
the floor, but the black vines were already mover over him. They latched
onto him and twined their way into ever available nook. The wizard let
out a burbling scream as the vines found his open wound and slithered
inside. Then he was dead.

Snape let his eyes close in relief. It was over. He had been rescued
after all, albeit a little later than he would have preferred.

"Severus!"

"Draco?" he coughed.

A presence came to kneel beside him, and when he opened his eyes again
it was his godson staring back at him, paler than ever.

"Draco, hand me my wand," he said weakly. There was something he needed
to do before he passed out from pain and blood loss. Draco did as he
asked, although with some difficulty, as the vines were no more fond of
him than they were the invaders. Eventually, however, he managed to free
Snape's wand and shove it into his hand.

"*Defloresco!*"

The vines writhed and withered, drying into fragile husks until they
finally disintegrated into dust.

"Severus," Draco said, his voice steady even as his hands shook. "I'm
going to get you out of here. The school is evacuating through the
dungeons."

The dungeons are a very long ways away, Snape thought to himself.

"I'm sorry, Draco," Snape said, his vision starting to go. "I'm so
sorry."

"Severus, don't . . . you can apologize later . . . when I know what the
hell you're talking about."

"He's going into shock, Draco," another voice came, female this time. It
must be Natalie. She was the only witch outside of the family who was
afforded the privilege of using his godson's first name. "Move over, and
I'll see what I canâ€”"

Whatever it was she intended to do, Snape faded into the darkness before
he could find out.

---

Harry wasn't sure how much more he could take. He was magically and
physically depleted, ached everywhere, was still mildly hypothermic, and
currently being held captive by the enemy. On top of that, Seitler was
probably dead, and there was no one left to report his abduction or that
evacuating to the dungeons would no longer work. He had never wanted a
nap more in his life.

Oh, look, now there were stairs.

"No way," he said tiredly.

His captor tightened his grip on his arm and tugged it harshly at his
refusal. Harry grit his teeth and rode out the pain.

"I can barely stand!" he protested. "How am I supposed to get up there?"

Not to mention it was the moving staircase, which in addition to its
steep steps that wouldn't cooperate with their trying to move up while
the castle's defensive wards were activated. It might very well collapse
under their feet if they tried, just as the castle towers had.

"Why don't you ask your gods for strength?" the Italian asked
contemptuously. Harry would very much have liked to have told him all
the things his gods had done to help him slaughter his soldiers up to
this point, but that was likely to earn him a dislocated shoulder or a
spell right in the back.

"He wouldn't be up there anyway," Harry said instead. "He's not hiding
from you. He'll take the main corridors and stairways."

"And you think I would trust you?" the man snarled in his ear.

Harry took advantage of his proximity to stomp on his foot. His captor
let out a yelp of pain and lost his grip on Harry's hair but not his
arm. Harry twisted around to face him and pull free, but the man still
wouldn't let go. Snarling, the younger wizard tried to leap on him and
knock him to the ground. The Italian, however, was larger and in better
condition, and he fended off the clumsy attacks with a fist to Harry's
gut. The Gryffindor collapsed and hung limp by one arm, gasping for
breath and trying not hurl.

From up the stairs there came a shout of outrage, and Harry feared some
young students had stumbled onto them. But it wasn't students. It was
house elves. A male and a female, as best Harry could tell. The female
was trying fruitlessly to hold her companion back.

"What the devil are *those*supposed to be?" the Italian snarled and
dropped Harry in favor of pulling out his wand. As soon as he was
released, the male elf snapped his fingers. A knight's helmet from one
of the castle's many suits of armor appeared from thin air and rammed
itself down on the wizard's head and spun around. The Italian wizard
swung out both his arms blindly in surprise, and Harry rolled into his
feet, causing him to trip and fall. Harry made a grab for the Italian's
wand, but clumsy and weak from the gut punch, he couldn't get to it
before the wizard started shouting out curses. Harry could barely
recognize the words, muffled and distorted as they were by the helmet,
but he scrambled away as quickly as he could.

Rough, brown elven hands pushed him to his feet and pulled him away
towards the nook beneath the stairs. There was a secret passage under
there, Harry remembered, but not where it led. Before he could be
dragged away, he pulled his wand and tried one last curse.

"*Torpeo!*"

The Numbing Jinx was not a very harmful spell, but it required little
magic and left the target relatively harmless until something more
powerful could be tried. Even this little bit of magic was beyond Harry
at that point, and it sputtered and died at the tip of his wand.
Unfortunately, the Italian spun towards his voice with his wand. The
house elves let out shrieks of alarm and half hurled Harry into the
passage under the stairs.

Something hissed unpleasantly behind them where the curse hit the floor.

The passage was dark, but the elves summoned lanterns, illuminating a
narrow, twisting passageway draped in cobwebs. Harry followed the elves,
who seemed to have some notion of where they needed to go.

"Thank you," he said. "You're the second and third house elves to save
my life tonight. I don't know how I managed without you before this."

As predicted, the little bit of flattery pleased the elves to the point
of embarrassment and made them more eager to help than ever. Their names
were Moxy and Maggy, and they had been gathering up students for the
evacuation when they came upon Harry and his assailant.

"Lord Potter, sir, is supposed to be in the dungeons. The Professors
will be most worried," Maggy chided gently. "Maggy and Moxy will bring
you safe and sound."

She patted his hand comfortingly, which amused Harry.

"I have no doubt, but can we stop for just a moment? My legs feel like
rubber."

The elves looked nervous about stopping, but relented. He didn't have
long to rest. The sound of running echoed loudly down the passage, and
Harry surged to his feet and stumbled as fast as his legs could carry
him. There were no forks in the passageway and no nooks to hide in. He
wasn't fast enough to get away.

"Can we collapse the passage behind us?" he suggested.

Moxy spun on his heel and rushed back the way they had come. Harry could
see he had been aptly named.

"Be careful, my friend!" Maggy called after him, her voice quivering.
Harry made a small prayer for him. Surely if house elves had a patron
goddess, it would be Madris, Goddess of the Hearth.

A moment later, there was an explosion, and the passage shook, raining
down dust and dead spiders. Maggy whimpered nervously, but didn't stop.

They hadn't gotten far when there was another explosion.

"That wasn't Moxy," she fretted.

"I'm sure he's fine. He's a very brave, clever elf."

"Maggy isn't brave or clever. Maggy doesn't know what to do."

"Just keep running."

Yet no matter how much they ran it seemed the passage just kept going on
and on, twisting so many times Harry was half convinced they were going
in circles. Breathing became difficult and Harry slowed even more, and
no matter how much Maggy tried to pull or push he couldn't go any
faster.

"We're almost there!" she cried, only to let out a terrified shriek as
she looked back towards him. Harry didnt need to look back to know what
she saw. With one last burst of strength, he stumbled into a jog,
reaching the end of the passage and flinging himself through the
tapestry and out into a corridor. His legs gave out, and he fell and
couldn't get back up again.

He was done for. Maggy cried and begged, but when that failed she hooked
her hands under his arms and dragged him for all her worth. She made it
a good twenty feet before their pursuer burst out from the tapestry
after them, his expression murderous.

"Run, Maggy, get away from here," Harry gasped, but she ignored him and
continued to drag him despite the futility.

"It's quite alright. I can take care of Harry from here."

Maggy froze. The Italian wizard froze. Harry blinked and choked out a
laugh. He could hear the familiar rhythm of boots striding over stone,
leisurely but powerful. Maggy very slowly and cautiously laid him down,
and from his new position he could watch upside-down as the Dark Lord
headed towards them. He was covered from head to toe in a layer of
blood. The Italian had called Voldemort the devil, and he certainly
looked the part now.

Harry had never been so happy to see him.

"Harry, it's good to see that for once in your life you've managed to
*not*misplace yourself."

Harry just grinned and closed his eyes. Now seemed as good a time as any
for a nap.

"And you . . . I know you, don't I?"

"*Exsanguinus!*"

"*Nulta neuro calmea!*An Italian? Ah, I remember now. You're Mandalari,
the leader of those Catholic vermin we drowned in the lake. Still alive?
I suppose your god isn't entirely useless then. One out of two hundred
was it? Not a bad score . . . for Him, at least."

Mandalari screamed in rage and let out a stream of curses, each more
vicious than the last. Maggy trembled next to Harry, and despite his
desire to escape into a rejuvenating sleep, it was impossible with so
many deadly spells flying over his head. Voldemort cast shield after
shield, counter-curse after counter-curse, over and over again until
Mandalari finally seemed to catch on that this wasn't a fight he could
win. The Italian made a rush for the secret passage. The Dark Lord
finally grew bored of the game and made his move.

"*Crucifixatus.*"

Harry's eyes flew open at the sound of screaming. He held his breath,
but the screaming didn't stop. He didn't want to look. He didn't want to
know, but his imagination was already painting the images in his mind.

"Tell me, Mandalari," he heard Voldemort say conversationally over the
agonized screams. "Does this make you feel closer to God? To suffer as
His Son suffered? I personally never understood the fascination, the
*reverence* Christians put into His supposed sacrifice. After all,
thousands suffered the same fate or worse before him, and thousands more
after him. What made Him so much better than the rest of the demi-gods
walking the Earth? Maybe, given your unique perspective, you'll be able
to tell me when I get back. House elf, bring his wand. Harry, this is no
time for a nap."

Harry made a distressed sound. He didn't think he could move. And he
wanted to. He really wanted to get away from the screaming.

"I've got nothing left."

"*Ennervate lasca!*"

Harry's body spasmed uncomfortably, waking him physically and mentally
from the sensory shock. Shaking, he rolled over onto his hands and
knees. He was very careful not to look in Mandalari's direction.
Voldemort looked down at him smugly beneath his sheen of blood like a
mischievous red devil.

"Do you need another?"

Harry managed to get to his feet, swaying heavily like a new born foal
taking its first steps. He still wanted nothing more than to sleep, but
he no longer felt he would die if he didn't get it immediately. The pain
wasn't exactly making him happy with his choice.

"Good. Now come along. We have an army to massacre."

---

As they made their way to the main entrance, Voldemort made a point not
to mention Harry leaning heavily against his shoulder or his shaking
hands, and Harry made a point not to mention that he positively reeked
or ask where the blood had all come from. They made their way there,
occasionally passing students running or limping in the other direction,
occasionally carrying or levitating the wounded behind them.

"Where are they all going?" the Dark Lord queried.

"The dungeons. I'm supposed to be leading them out through the Chamber
of Secrets."

Voldemort gave him a half confused, half exasperated look.

"You know it's called the Chamber of *Secrets* for a reason."

"Desperate times and all that."

"You wouldn't have been able to lead them out regardless. You do
remember that magical contract you signed?"

So that was what had been bothering him before. He had completely
forgotten.

"They'll be trapped down there."

"They'll be safe down there until I retrieve them. There's really no
telling what's going to happen once the spell is released. It is
imperative that you don't pass out."

The last part sounded vaguely accusatory. Harry glared back at him in
resentment. It was hardly his fault that he was tired.

When they reached the main entrance, only Professor Flitwick and
McGonagall were still there, even the Sentinels had gone. McGonagall
spun around, aborting one spell in favor of another at the sound of
approach. Voldemort raised his own wand in greeting, and she froze.

"M-my Lord!"

The way she said it made it unclear whether she was greeting the Dark
Lord or letting out an exclamation. Harry realized seeing the Dark Lord
covered in blood might not be as common of a sight as he was used to.

"Professors," Voldemort returned. "Leave."

McGonagall looked to Harry expectantly.

"That wasn't a request," the Dark Lord bit out.

"It's alright, Professor. We'll be along in a minute," the Gryffindor
said, smiling weakly.

Her lips thinned into a grimace, but she nodded and gave his shoulder an
encouraging squeeze as she passed. Flitwick toddled along after her,
looking nervously over his shoulder until they were both out of sight.
Harry turned his attention to the ice dam. For all the attention the
professors had been giving it, it was already showing signs of strain.
Lights danced from the inside, auroras of greens and reds and yellows,
and it groaned ominously.

"Do you think it will hold long enough?"

Voldemort wandered into the center of the room where nearly a dozen
bodies lay against the now bone dry floor. He picked a German who still
appeared to be breathing and made a slashing movement with his wand.
Blood flew out from the enemy in a great spray of red, soaking the Dark
Lord anew and everything in a ten foot radius. Harry turned away and
gagged. He didn't consider himself squeamish, but that was just too
much. Even looking away he could hear when Voldemort repeated the
process twice more.

"It should hold now."

Harry took three deep, settling breaths and turned back around. His
heart leaped into his throat as he looked down to see the pools of blood
disappearing into the creases of the stone floor, the castle itself
greedily drinking it down. The ice dam was now a disturbing shade of
pink. He shuddered at the sight.

"What are we going to do?" he asked, not wanting to linger too long on
what had just happened.

"I have been feeding the castle the blood of its enemies since the
attack. Twenty-four so far and there may be still more deaths upon the
grounds. It has been absorbing the magic of the slain."

"Like the wall along the Forbidden Forest."

"Just so. We are renewing the castle's magic. Recharging it for one
great spell to destroy its enemies, and once destroyed to make their
strength its own."

Harry felt himself grow cold. This was magic of the darkest kind, and it
was being brought into the closest thing he had to a home. And yet, if
they didn't do it, he wouldn't have a home and almost everyone he knew
would be at the mercy of the enemy.

"What spell?"

"That, Harry, is entirely up to you. I will only be summoning the magic.
You will be the one to form it into a spell."

Harry looked at him as if he were mad. The Dark Lord's bloody grin
confirmed it.

"You don't expect me to do all the work, do you?"

"If by 'do all the work', you mean, 'kill everyone', then yes, yes I
do," Harry said.

"I can't summon the magic and cast the spell simultaneously, nor can I
gather the magic and cast the spell afterward. There's simply too much
of it. This body, resilient though it may be, cannot hold that much
magic all at once. I need you to shape it and release it as it comes."

The back of Harry's head where he had struck it against the bridge began
to throb, a migraine building on top of everything else. All he wanted
was to sleep. But he couldn't. He had made a promise to Madris, and he
couldn't back away from it. More than that, the Dark Lord was relying on
him. He was surprised to realize that still meant so much to him, after
all the fighting and the resentment, it still felt like one of the most
important things to him in the world. He let out a frustrated sigh.

"What should I cast?"

"Whatever feels most natural and can do the most damage to the enemy.
I'm quite fond of fireâ€”"

"No."

Harry hated the Germans for what they were doing to his home, but he
didn't hate them *quite* that much.

"â€”But I understand water is rather more your element. Given the majority
of the enemy is outside, I would recommend a weather spell."

"We have some of our own out there," he said, recalling the spells that
had been falling from the sky. Maybe he could keep the spell low?

"They're soldiers. They know the risk."

Somehow, Harry doubted *anyone* would imagine a risk like this. But they
couldn't afford to wait to be saved.

"What do I do?"

"There's a bench over there. Let's sit down."

The wooden bench was positioned at the far end of the entryway, directly
across from the entrance, where a person might watch the comings and
goings of the castle occupants. It felt very surreal to be sitting there
with Voldemort to his left, staring at the ice dam with its pinkish hue
and flashing colors, the dead spread out at their feet. He started to
wonder if he actually had fallen asleep somewhere and simply not
noticed.

"Your hand," Voldemort requested, and Harry offered his left hand to him
without looking. He grimaced but didn't pull away as he felt the Dark
Lord run a knife-sharp nail down his palm, opening the skin. Then he
pressed their palms together, and Harry closed his eyes tightly and
shuddered. Magic, *his* magic, flowed back into him, and with it blood
that wasn't his.

"Ah... nn . . . uh, this is unpleasant," Harry gritted, his veins
burning at the touch of the foreign something. "Bloody hell . . . are
you sure this is safe?"

"If it were anyone other than you, they would already be dead. Since the
solstice, however, your magic has saturated my blood. Your body should
be able to tolerate it. I think."

"You *think?*"

"Medi-wizardry isn't my specialty. Hush, I need to concentrate."

Harry tried to relax, to concentrate on the almost hypnotic swirl of
colors across the ice dam, to think of the only two weather spells he
knew that he should use, anything except the toxic feeling radiating up
his arm. The most distracting thought he could come up with was to
wonder if he was going to die from the Dark Lord's faulty understanding
of magical blood sharing, but at some point Harry had given up on the
idea that he was actually going to survive the night, and it was a
fleeting thought at best. Voldemort didn't offer anything else by way of
conversation, merely fidgeted about and muttered something that sounded
vaguely Gaelic.

Then the burning sensation in his hand exploded up his arm straight to
his heart. He jerked and jumped away, but Voldemort refused to release
him, no matter how hard he struggled.

"You're killing me. Let go. LET GO!" he screamed,

"Cast it out, Harry. You have to cast it out or it *will* kill you."

Harry's mind had flown to pieces with the pain and the panic. Now he
frantically tried to pick out the pieces, looking for a spell, any spell
to get rid of the magic threatening to tear him apart.

"*Reparo.*"

The magic went out like a wave, not through Harry's wand, but through
his feet and back into the castle, and Harry suddenly felt himself
expanding into the stones, the portraits, the near thousand souls,
wizard and house elf and ghost alike, scattered throughout the building.
He felt parts of himself missing, lost with the fallen towers and
spires, its statues and armors shattered, the windows cracked, the
dormitories burning. The spell released, pushing broken doors back into
places, smothering the fires, putting back the fallen stone and mortar,
mending up the torn tapestries, fixing itself . . . healing.

"*Wrong spell, Harry*,"Voldemort hissed angrily in parseltongue, drawing
him back into his body. It was more bearable now that the magic was
flowing *through*him and not collecting inside, but his heart still felt
like it was trying to escape his ribs. What spell had he needed to cast?
A weather spell . . . he knew two. What were they?

"*Concentrate*."

The Rain Spell. Sprout taught them in Herbology. So convenient for
watering the garden. She would be absolutely horrified with him later,
he thought vaguely.

"*Nimbosio et nimbosio et nimbosio . . .*"

His mind flowed back into the castle, back into the stones, and out
again through the chimneys and the broken windows and rain spouts as a
mist, quickly thickening into fog, then a cloud, soaking the air in icy
droplets. He thickened and condensed until the air became too full and
too heavy, and he fell. A thousand times he fell and then million and
billion and then so much he could not be called rain but a waterfall.

"*And thunder. Tonitrio . . . ,*" Voldemort goaded, his hissing tones
echoing through him.

"*Et tonirtio et nimbosio et tonitrio et nimbosio et . . .*"

Hundreds of the wizards and witches, not of himself, enemies, pierced
him, magic flung to cast him off, to shield themselves, to dry him up,
to destroy him. Angrily, he threw his magic back with a roar and a crack
and a flash of light that swallowed their spells and threw them from the
air like children's toys.

"*And hail. Grandonio.*"

"*Et tonirtio et grandonio et nimbosio et grandonio et tonitrio et
nimbosio et . . .*"

From the ground, the witches and wizards threw up more shields, more
counter-curses, more magic and desperation that struck him, scattering
him into tinier pieces but never destroying him. Never stopping him. He
gathered himself into an army and armored himself in ice, flinging
himself in marbles and snitches and bludgers, and shattered them as they
had tried to shatter him.

"*And wind. Flabraborio.*"

"*Et flabraborio et grandonio et nimbosio et flabraborio et tonirtio et
nimbosio . . . .*"

The wind blew up, but he had no control of it. Wind was a part of him
and yet outside himself, shapeless and restless and everywhere. It came
from between the rain and the thunder and hail. He could not hold it
together like the rain or break it with the thunder or beat it back with
the hail. It pushed him and threw him and spun him around. It smashed
him through windows, tore up his shingles, and shook him like it wished
to tear him apart.

"*More, Harry. More.*"

There was screaming now, pain and terror, and the wind swallowed it and
laughed.

"*Too much.*"

"*Too late. Let it go.*"

And Harry fell one last time.

---

Harry could hear again before he could see. There was deep breathing in
his ear, and the sound of twigs snapping and snow crunching. He listened
for a long time without understanding, but when his arm started to ache
he let himself drift back into sleep.

He woke a second time when he felt himself being shifted, not roughly,
but noticeably enough to make him aware that he was being carried
piggy-back. Squinting his eyes open, he could make out trees, bare and
black against the royal blue of the pre-dawn sky. A raven cawed, and
Harry smiled. His brother lived.

"Hey, you awake?" someone asked, but he had already closed his eyes and
drifted away.

Minutes, maybe hours later, the sound of crying drew him back to
consciousness. The broad back he was resting against began to tremble.

"Sshhh . . . keep moving. It's alright, just keep going. It isn't much
further," McGonagall urged, her voice drifting closer and then further
away. He opened his eyes and peered blearily over the shoulder of the
one carrying him.

"What's going on?" he mumbled. "Why does my arm hurt?"

"Don't try and move it," Goyle grunted. The Slytherin appeared to have
been drafted to carry him. Harry decided he didn't want to know.

"Is it over? Did we win?" he asked tiredly, already feeling himself
drift off.

"I guess so," Goyle replied noncommittally, and Harry fell back to
sleep. For now, that was all that mattered.

[^138-1]: Traditionally, castles had 'arrowslits' built into them so archers could fire out on the enemy with minimal exposure. The idea was adapted to Hogwarts.

[^138-2]: A non-lethal Hex that creates a rather large sticky web when cast in a door or window. Notoriously difficult to tear down physically and magically. Potions are typically required.

