# Battlefields of the Mind

They stood before each other as they always had: antagonists, compatriots, and
unsolvable mysteries. Six years of shared domiciles and secrets and they still
seemed no closer to understanding each other than they ever had, merely bound
more tightly in an inescapable gravity of responsibility and necessity, locked
in an orbit that neither increased nor decreased in distance. Harry, still too
young, too inexperienced, too... Gryffindorish to play the game Snape had
taught him, had gotten by on mostly ignoring the rules and bluffing his way
through the rest. His guardian... he could not even guess his motivations at
this point. Part obligation he supposed, part fear of the Dark Lord's wrath,
and perhaps even a bit of ambition somewhere in there. Harry wouldn't kid
himself into believing there was fondness... at least not at the moment. If
he'd ever glimpsed it, now was not the time to put his faith in it.

Not with Snape sitting behind his ridiculously large desk, silent and
vampiric, his black gaze staring at him with unwavering scrutiny. Harry
consciously avoided the chair on the other side of the desk, opting instead
for the long narrow window flanking it. When they spoke it would not be as
headmaster and student, and although this terrified Harry, he had learned
enough under the man's tutelage to understand that knowingly putting himself
at a disadvantage was stupid and probably a little insulting to the other.

"What do you know of General Malfoy's curse?" Snape asked after several
minutes of silence. Harry flinched but covered it up quickly with an air of
unconcern.

"A bit. His condition has made it somewhat hard to miss."

There was another moment of silence, and Harry knew he had made a mistake. He
tilted his head towards the man, careful to avoid meeting his eyes while still
catching his expression. It hadn't changed in the slightest, but something
had. He felt it in the air, something like magic, but more likely it was the
lizard part of his brain warning him of impending danger.

"Do not lie to me."

Harry began to protest but stopped himself. He was a bad liar at the best of
times, omission and diversion being his best forms of deceit, and against his
guardian they would be entirely ineffective. So he withdrew and turned his
gaze back towards the window and waited to see how far Snape would push.

"How long did you know about the curse?"

"I only learned he was cursed when he told me about it."

"You recognized it."

It was not a question. How much did Snape know? He hadn't said anything
particularly incriminating to Bobby in the Tower, but there might have been
enough there that any suggestions Malfoy might have made as to Harry's
involvement in the curse could have been at least partially confirmed.

"I've read about it." True, even if it was after the fact.

"Have you cast it?"

And there it was. The accusation. He had been expecting it but felt a surge of
anger just the same.

"No."

"Do not-"

"I SAID 'NO'!" he snarled.

It was Snape's turn to tense, his fingers curling around the ends of his chair
and his eyes narrowing. He said nothing for a moment, and Harry wondered what
he was thinking and if his fit of temper had made him seem more innocent or
less.

"Do you know who did?"

He didn't answer. He couldn't. His throat had suddenly tightened to the point
of suffocation. Snape was going to learn the truth. It was inevitable. Even if
he said absolutely nothing, somehow the man would figure it out. May have
already figured it out. What would happen now? He felt a sudden swell of fear
for Ronald Weasley. He didn't even like the boy, but it felt like he had
betrayed a friend somehow. Or maybe he had merely betrayed the family that had
been so kind to him. Could Fred and George and Ginny ever forgive him? He had
been the one to introduce Ron to the Old Magics in the first place, and he
would be the one to expose his crime and all the dark consequences that would
follow. His sense of dread deepened at the thought that his friends should
suffer the scorn and legal retribution as the family of the one who had placed
a personal vendetta above the well-being of the nation. Would Ginny be
expelled? The twins lose their bar? What of Mrs. Weasley? It would break the
poor woman's heart.

His distress must have shown, because Snape quickly jumped to a conclusion.

"Was it Hermione?"

And if the thought of Ronald Weasley getting caught horrified him, it was
nothing compared to the thought of Hermione being blamed for it.

"Of course not! How could you even think that? That's... it's... She's
*Hermione!*"

Snape rolled his eyes, and the gesture completely threw Harry for a moment.

"Don't be asinine. She's an intelligent, ambitious girl' and she's been backed
into a corner. If you think something like this is beyond her ability, you're
either a fool or willfully blind."

"She's not a murderer."

"And I'm not a pastry chef, but that doesn't mean I couldn't be. Potential and
reality are two entirely different things, Potter. But never mind. Tell me who
cursed General Malfoy."

"It wasn't Hermione."

Snape made a frustrated sound, and his neutral gaze was suddenly extremely
annoyed.

"Yes, you established that already. I hope you don't expect to answer my
question by listing off all of our mutual acquaintances it *isn't*?" he
snapped, then added under his breath, "And Ira wonders why I don't talk to you
anymore. You're impossible."

"You're not exactly Mr. Congeniality yourself, sir."

"Who cursed Lucius? It must be someone you know for you to be this willfully
evasive."

Harry turned back to the window and said nothing. The farce he had been
playing through was coming to an end, and nothing he did could stop it. What
would Voldemort do? He had told the Dark Lord that he knew Lucius was cursed
but didn't know by whom. When his mentor discovered he had lied to him what
would he do? Snape rose from his chair and moved towards him, growing closer
until he could see the man's reflection loom over his shoulder. His expression
was inscrutable. Was he angry with Harry's continued defiance? Eager to
discover the culprit? Pleased to finally have one over his troublesome ward?

"If you tell me who it is, I will tell no one else."

Harry spun around, his eyes widening. Surely, he hadn't heard that right? His
thoughts scattered for a moment, only to freeze completely as he realized he
was now looking the man directly in the eye, and he quickly turned away and
prayed his thoughts were still his own.

"Wh-" He coughed to clear his suddenly dry throat. "What?"

"You heard what I said."

"Yeah... okay. I guess... 'why' is the better question? I mean, Malfoy's your
friend, and... isn't this the sort of thing you... I don't know, get house
points from the Dark Lord for?"

Snape snorted.

"Potter... Lucius and I have a complicated relationship. In my own way, I
suppose you could say I am fond of the man. In a completely different and
equally accurate way, I can tell you I would not be terribly aggrieved over
his death. Neither is a factor in the offer I am making to you. Also, while it
would indeed garner 'house points' with the Dark Lord, it would not gain
nearly as many as I believe the information is worth given his current
dissatisfaction with the aforementioned. Of greater worth to me is the re-
establishment of something that for various reasons has been lost to us."

Harry knew what he was talking about. He had felt the other man's absence in
his life more and more keenly as he was left to handle his own increasingly
complicated affairs without the harsh, sardonic candor he had relied so
heavily upon when he was younger. Snape knew so much more than he did about so
many things, and while his view of the world was more cynical than Harry's,
the Gryffindor missed being able to share a confidence and receive some
insight or perspective he could not have come to on his own or through one of
his friends.

And yet...

"You don't expect me to believe you would allow Malfoy's attempted murderer
walk free just so we could be... friends?" he said, lacing his words with as
much scorn as he could muster to bury the terrible eagerness he felt to accept
the offer on blind faith alone. This was Snape after all. As much as he
reluctantly admired the man, he was equally terrified of him.

He wasn't looking at his guardian directly, but in the reflection of the
window pane he could see the man was smirking.

"I don't recall us ever being 'friends', Mr. Potter, but as with Lucius, you
and I shared a rather special rapport. A confidence. There was a time when you
would come to me whenever you were in need of guidance. I kept your secrets. I
keep them still."

Harry shook his head.

"Those weren't secrets I gave you. Those were secrets we shared. Things you
knew about already or figured out on your own. Mostly anyway. Besides, you
only kept those because the Dark Lord wanted them kept or it suited you or you
just didn't care. The same reasons behind everything you've done up to this
point."

"Is that what you think?"

There wasn't hurt in man's voice or even surprise, but rather a sort of
curious skepticism. It irritated Harry.

"I think the only reason you tolerate me or 'keep my secrets' is because of
the Dark Lord. I think you'd betray me for exactly the same reason. Probably
with considerably more enthusiasm."

"Hm."

Harry felt him move away, and while that should have left him feeling
relieved, he simply felt cold. There was no adamant denials of his accusation,
no evidence presented to the contrary, nothing but a slow retreat back to his
desk were he sat himself once again.

"I can see why you would draw this conclusion. It is the foundation upon which
our relationship was initially built. You are an obligation."

*Just like the Dursleys,* Harry thought bitterly. It was not the first time he had made the comparison.

"But then, the same can be said of my godchildren. Lucius gave me a
responsibility to them, just as the Dark Lord gave me a responsibility to you.
The obligations are very similar."

The young wizard frowned thoughtfully. What had Voldemort said about Snape's
role as godfather? Something about defying Lucius for the role he had given
his dour friend in the first place. Was his guardian saying he would defy the
Dark Lord for Harry's sake? That seemed... unrealistic.

"It has unfortunately been more difficult to fulfill those obligations with
you, given your unique circumstances and the ambiguity surrounding your 'best
interests'. And the fact that you're an impossible little deviant half of the
time."

Harry shrugged. That wasn't an unfair assessment.

"If I have made mistakes, it was not from lack trying and certainly not
because of indifference. You have become too significant a part of my life for
that to be the case. While it was not my intention, somewhere along the way I
grew rather attached to you."

"Stop."

"You don't believe me?"

"I don't. I can't."

"Because it would be too dangerous to accept wouldn't it?" Snape said
knowingly. "You can't afford to be wrong."

"... I'm not going to tell you who cursed Lucius. I'll fix him like I said I
would, and I'll make sure it never happens again, but I won't say who it is.
That's the best I can do."

Harry turned from the window and headed for the door. He needed to get out of
there. Snape... gods and goddesses, what was the man trying to achieve? Every
word he spoke could be a lie or a truth, and he was too terrified of the
possibility of either. Their relationship through both good and bad had always
held a veil of uncertainty to it, neither stating explicitly how much the
other cared or hated the other. It had spared them from having to lie to each
other and to themselves. Harry had been left to intuit exactly how things
stood between them, and as frustrating as that was he wasn't prepared to have
it defined into explicit terms. Especially if it all turned out to be a lie.

He reached for the door handle but snatched back his hand as an electric shock
zipped up his arm. The entire limb went numb. Alarms began screaming in his
head. That was his wand hand! He spun around to face Snape, half-expecting him
to already have his wand pointed at him, but he wasn't even looking at Harry.
Instead, he was looking at where Harry had been standing and seemingly
preoccupied.

"That was a rather curious turn of phrase you used," the dark wizard said
after a moment, still not looking him.

"Let me out."

"You said I kept your secrets because of the Dark Lord, and that I would
betray you because of him. That is an odd thing to say. Did you mean you
thought the Dark Lord would ask me to betray you? That doesn't make much
sense. Not under present circumstances, at least."

"I meant you would betray me if it were to the Dark Lord's benefit. Like
telling him who cursed the leader of his armed forces," Harry snapped. "Just
open the door."

"Mmm... I don't think that's what you meant. We were talking about secrets in
general not about Lucius' curse specifically."

Harry attempted to wiggle his arm. It moved, but he could not feel it.

"Now you're just reading into it too much. Listen, I'm really tired. I'm sure
you're really tired. Can't we just continue this tomorrow?"

"The Dark Lord's benefit... I wonder..."

Snape suddenly looked directly at him, and Harry's eyes darted around the room
to look for a place to duck and cover.

"The Trelawney Prophecy."

*Petrificus Totalus* would not have had a stronger effect on Harry than those three words. He froze; limbs, lungs, and brain caught in a perfect paralysis. No, no, nononononono... wait... what? What did Snape know about it? His guardian had seen his reaction and was now massaging his temples like he did whenever Harry did something completely absurd.

"How long have you known it was you?"

Even if he had wanted to, he couldn't have answered. He needed air to form
those words.

"It couldn't have been too terribly long. You never would have been able to...
Potter, stop gawping like a fish and sit down before you keel over."

Somehow, he managed to do just that, half stumbling to the chair he had so
carefully avoided across from the headmaster. His guardian did not look
surprised. Concerned, perhaps, but not surprised. Snape couldn't have known,
however. If he had known the truth, he would have told the Dark Lord... or the
Dark Lord would have known already. And seeing as he was still alive, the Dark
Lord definitely did not know.

"Potter, do you need a calming draught?"

Probably. He could feel his left hand trembling against his thigh, and he was
starting to feel dizzy from lack of air. He was going to have a panic attack
he thought, except this time it would kill him. Or maybe Snape would kill him.
Maybe the calming draught was a poison.

"I'm not going to poison you," Snape snapped then muttered something under his
breath. Harry couldn't be certain but it might have been 'I tried that
already'. Snape stood and retrieved a vial from a cupboard, then looked back
to Harry, frowned thoughtfully, and put it back and pulled out a decanter and
two small glasses instead. He poured them both half a glass and set one in
front of Harry.

"What is it?"

"Whiskey," he said and took a sip. Harry took the glass with his one good
hand, and though it shook, he managed a sip without spilling any. The flavor
was different than brandy and so was the burn as it slid down his throat. A
little less refined, a bit earthier. He took a second sip and wasn't surprised
it tasted a little better than the first.

"Better?" Snape asked. He ignored the question.

"How long have you known?"

"I believe I asked you that question first."

"Gulandri told me. I didn't believe him at first. Not until Bobby confirmed
it."

"And you have reason to believe the creature because...?"

"He's my brother."

Snape looked at him blankly for a moment, then added a little more whiskey to
his glass.

"I don't see the resemblance."

"He's the reincarnation of my previous incarnation's brother."

"Which makes things so much clearer."

"He used to be a man once. You saw his previous form walking with me that
night in Ireland."

He could see Snape thinking, trying to recall the details. There probably
hadn't been much to see. It had been dark, and his guardian hadn't moved in
very close before he had stunned Bobby back into raven form.

"Interesting. Does the Dark Lord know?"

"No. It's complicated, but I'd rather he didn't."

Harry looked at him expectantly. Snape didn't say anything else, merely
pondered this newest bit of curiousness. He quickly grew sick of waiting and
broke the silence.

"So how long did you know about the prophecy?"

"The prophecy? I knew about that from the beginning. I was the one to witness
it and the one who gave it to the Dark Lord in the first place. How long did I
know it was referring to you? Almost a year now. Shortly before you were
possessed by Greyback."

Now it was Harry's turn to think. Snape had only really known about his secret
for a short time and yet plenty long enough to have reported him to the Dark
Lord. Merlin, he had to have known when he had gone into the Berlin
Underground and saved his life and even more recently when he headed for
Hausteheim to rescue him. He had known and never told Harry of the danger he
was in. Before he could stop himself, he looked up in search of Snape's eyes,
hoping to find some sort of explanation there. The elder wizard met his gaze
coolly, and as unreadable as only an occlumens can manage.

"I have always kept your secrets, Potter," he said by way of explanation.
"Even from yourself."

"Why?"

That earned him an amused snort.

"Because you are a *terrible* liar. If I hadn't believed you were upset over
the Dark Lord's dismemberment, I would have known something was wrong after
coming back from Bristol."

Harry felt a swell of embarrassment. Why shouldn't he be upset that he's been
told he's going to kill his mentor and ruler of wizarding Britain or else by
murdered himself? It was horribly *sad*! Hermione would agree with him now
that they weren't fighting and he had no intention of running off unannounced
to kill the man or to avoid being killed or... when had he finished his glass?
What had they been talking about?

"Why haven't you told Voldemort?" he asked once he had regained enough sense
to think of something worth saying.

Snape poured him another glass. Not subtle of him in the least, but Harry
accepted it anyway. He didn't think he could survive this conversation without
it.

"Initially, it was out of self-preservation. You are familiar with the phrase
'don't shoot the messenger?"

Harry nodded.

"The Dark Lord does not adhere to that particular philosophy. I had no
intention of suffering the fallout of informing him that the boy he had taken
under his wing and perhaps the only person he has demonstrated any genuine
affection for would in fact grow up to attempt to usurp him. Men have died for
far less. Men have faced worse than death for less."

"So you ignored it?"

Snape smirked, and it wasn't a pleasant expression.

"Not precisely. I did try to remedy the situation myself."

Harry gave him a confused looked.

"I tried to kill you."

He stared at the man for a long moment, then took a long swig from his glass.
He swallowed, squeezed his eyes shut as the burn brought tears to his eyes,
and then managed to get out a raspy "when?"

"In the Berlin Underground. I had been looking for an opportunity to kill you
without raising suspicions, and you presented the perfect opportunity. After
the explosion, I was the one who found you. You were unconscious, nearly dead
already. No one would have been the wiser had I slipped the poison down your
throat then and there, and the Dark Lord's ire would have been directed at our
enemies."

Merlin, he had survived not one but two attempts on his life that night, one
of them he had been completely unaware of. A shiver ran up Harry's spine. Or
was he starting to shake again? Feeling was slowly starting to return to his
wand hand even as his thoughts grew more numb. He took another sip.

"So why didn't you? Kill me, I mean. You said you had the perfect
opportunity."

"Yes. The perfect opportunity, but not the perfect will. I had the poison in
my hand, your *life* in my hand, and I couldn't do it. I had spent so much
time and energy on preserving your life, I couldn't bring myself to end it."

"... You were different after Germany. I thought you were angry with me then,
but you kept getting more and more distant. Was that why?"

"One of many reasons, I suppose. You were becoming more distant yourself."

"Was I? I guess so. Hermione said something to that effect. So now what?"

"Firstly, you're going to tell me who cursed Lucius Malfoy."

"Why would-"

Snape leveled a glare at him.

"You owe it to me."

Harry grimaced. He emptied his glass and put it on the table. This time Snape
didn't refill it.

"You promise not to tell anyone?"

"You have my word."

"Ronald Weasley."

The silence that followed was predictable. The sudden, gasping laughter that
came after was not. The Gryffindor stared wide-eyed and slack-jawed as the
headmaster burst out into peals of laughter. After a while, he felt his own
amusement bubbling up from inside him as well, and pretty soon, they were both
laughing long and hard over the absurdity of it.

They were so drunk.

Eventually, it died off, and after wiping tears from their eyes and regaining
something of their composure they settled back down with just an occasional
lip twitch and a hiccup or two on Harry's part.

"That," Snape began, "is strangely appropriate."

"Did you know Malfoy had Ron's father imprisoned? At least, he thinks he did.
That's what his dad told him anyway, but the man was mad by then."

"Mad perhaps, but not wrong. Lucius despised Arthur. He tried to wipe out his
entire family during the war, and when he failed at that he made him into an
example after it."

"Why did he hate him?"

"He felt Arthur had betrayed the Pureblood credo. Which technically he had,
but you know, after we won the war we all ended up betraying that credo
anyway. The war was all about preserving the wizarding way of life, but no one
really factored in how much of that struggle was a part of the very foundation
of our society. After we became fully segregated from muggles and WYRA was
founded, the defensive fanaticism with which Purebloods upheld the old
traditions became redundant. Pureblood, half-blood, muggleborn... what was the
difference when we were all brought up in the same traditions and life-styles?
I'm a half-blood. I was raised as a muggle in my youth, just as you were. I
should be peeling potatoes or making candles somewhere according to the Old
Thought. Same for the Dark Lord as it were."

Harry blinked.

"Voldemort's not a Pureblood?"

Ah, that was right. Dumbledore had told him that, but like so much of what the
old wizard had told he had shoved all to the back of his mind.

Snape blinked.

"That whiskey was stronger than I had anticipated. Hold that thought, Potter."

The headmaster picked up the decanter and put it back in his cabinet and
pulled out a blue bottle. He brought it back and poured a small amount in each
of their glasses. It glowed neon green in the lamplight. They both downed the
Sobriety Draught in one hard shot. Snape grimaced so dramatically Harry would
have laughed except he was bent over in a coughing fit. By far, it had a
stronger kick than the whiskey.

"So, Ronald Weasley tried to killed Lucius Malfoy," Snape said once the potion
had taken hold and he was once again sober.

"Ugh. Yes. Can you blame him?"

"I blame him completely, but I do understand him as well. What I don't
understand is why you went to such efforts to protect him. He's never been a
friend to you. In fact, I believed you had something of a rivalry going on."

Harry shrugged.

"It wasn't so much about him. I mean, we've gotten along better recently, but
really it was about his family. Ginny and Fred and George are some of my best
friends, and their family has been good to me. I didn't want them to be caught
up in his mistake. It's not their fault he's an idiot."

Snape acknowledged this with a tilt of his head.

"You won't tell, will you?"

"I said I wouldn't."

"So what *will* you do?"

"Firstly, I am going to schedule some time for you to complete Lucius' cure.
You did say you had one?"

"Yes. I was using it as a bargaining chip. Lucius was going to call off
Hermione's betrothal for it. I don't know what's going to happen now that he
thinks I'm the one who cursed him."

Snape looked intrigued. It was smart move on Harry's part, even if it seemed
to have backfired on him. Perhaps Snape could figure a way to work this to
similar ends. He hadn't had any time recently to resolve Hermione's problem,
and time was running out.

"What are you going to do about Ron?"

"Mr. Weasley? At the moment, nothing. But do not think I will let him off the
hook without compensation. His need for petty revenge put our entire nation at
risk during a time of war."

"Don't be too hard on him?" Harry asked. "He's been suffering for it already.
You've seen how sick he's been?"

Snape couldn't say he had *seen* it, but he had overheard Pomfrey's concerns
over the boy often enough at the dinner table or in staff meetings. He nodded
anyway. Harry explained how the curse had backfired on Ron, and how that was
the only reason Harry had been looking for a cure even if he hadn't known the
intended victim was Lucius until recently. The headmaster considered.

"I'll take that into account while designing an appropriate punishment. Does
anyone else know about this?"

"Bobby, but he won't tell anyone."

"And where is he, precisely?"

"I don't know."

"Potter-"

"I really don't know. I told him not to follow me here, but he probably hasn't
left the castle."

"Does anyone else know about him? Hermione?"

"No, I... I thought about introducing them. Not as my brother, mind. I don't
think anyone would know how to handle that. Not without a little help." He
nodded towards the cabinet where the whiskey was safely tucked away. "Anyway,
leave him alone. He's harmless."

Snape gave him a skeptical look but didn't press it further. He would keep
track of the raven. If he was anything like his 'brother' it was a reasonable
precaution. There were other, more pressing concerns at the moment, however.

"Now that it is settled, we'll need to deal with the prophecy."

"I'm not going to kill Voldemort."

"... That shortens the discussion considerably, then. I don't suppose you're
going to commit suicide by any chance?"

"..."

"I thought not. Then for the time being, it's all a matter of self-
preservation. I understand this is not a subject you are particularly strong
in, but I'm sure you understand the basics. No running with sharp objects, no
sampling potions out of unmarked vials, and my personal favorite... do not let
the Dark Lord know anything he might have reason to kill you over."

"That *is* sounding vaguely familiar," Harry said, going along with some
amusement now that the soul-crushing terror had receded. He was feeling
strangely giddy, and wondered if it was an aftereffect of the Sobriety
Draught.

"To that end, we're going to have to erase your memory."

"... Um... huh? How does... why?"

"For the same reason I didn't tell you when I found out you were the child of
prophecy... and had resolved not to kill you myself, of course."

He really should be more freaked out by that than he was, except there were so
many more immediate and terrifying threats that the ones that had passed or
never been realized were hardly worth the effort.

"Of course. And what was that reason again?"

"You're a horrible liar. And a worse occlumens. You'd best just get rid of the
memory before you blurt it out or some legilimens finds it without you
noticing."

"...Er... sir, no offense, but... it's kind of important. I don't think I
should just be forgetting about that sort of thing. I mean, how can I stop it
if I don't know about it?"

"How could you stop it if you did? Potter, you idiot, when has anyone ever
defeated a prophecy by *trying* to defeat it? Anyone who ever tried to defeat
a prophecy ended up fulfilling it in a roundabout way."

"Well, then what should I do? I won't kill Voldemort and I don't want to die.
There has to be a way."

"I am certain there is a way, but you running off on some crusade isn't it.
For now, you can only stall for time. Ensuring that no one else learns of this
is the first step. To do that, we will need to remove the memory and keep it
somewhere safe."

Harry wasn't so sure, but he did believe Snape was looking out for him, and he
owed him a bit of faith. If he weren't, the Gryffindor would have been dead
long before now. His guardian had taken a risk in shielding him from the Dark
Lord, a risk Harry knew he only partly understood. He felt strangely nostalgic
at being able to rely on him again, even as another part of him feared
involving him in his own precarious affairs. He looked to Snape, displaying
more trust than was wise, but meeting his eyes directly nonetheless.

"What did you have in mind?"

* * *

Ron Weasley hated Harry Potter. He had hated the other boy the moment they had
met, but that had been the irrational prejudice against muggleborns he had
since abandoned in favor of the more reasonable dislike of everyone in
general. Now, his reasons for hating him had crystallized into three simple
facts. Firstly, Potter seem to have completely forgotten about Ron or the fact
that he was SAVING HIS LIFE since he had come back from Bristol and turned
into an angsty, self-centered berk. Secondly, Potter was an angsty, self-
centered berk. And thirdly, Hermione seemed to be attracted to angsty, self-
centered berks. (He had thought she was smart enough to avoid the lot after
Krum, but girls were strange when it came to love).

Certainly there were plenty of other reasons to hate Potter, but those seemed
to be the primary ones and really he had only ever needed one.

However many reasons he had to hate the Gryffindork, the simple fact remained
there was nothing he could do about it. Not now anyway. He needed him to fix
the curse and once that was done, he would owe him a Life Debt. Not something
he could pay off by shoving him off the Astronomy Tower and running away with
the girl.

Not that he would have shoved Potter off the Astronomy Tower anyway. He might
hate Potter, but he wasn't a complete psycho. Lucius Malfoy had been a very
special case, and that hadn't worked out liked he had hoped. It wasn't even
like he hated Potter all that much. When he wasn't being an angsty, self-
centered berk he was okay. A little weird... alright, really weird, but okay.

"Mr. Weasley," Slughorn's obsequious voice called, drawing his attention from
his internal musings and back to the potions lab. "I would recommend stirring
your potion before it starts to burn. The resulting aroma is less than
pleasant. There's a good lad! Ah, Mr. Malfoy, that's just the right hue! If
anyone wants to reference it to know when their potion is ready, just look
there. Do you have a question, Ms. Whitrow?"

Ron sighed as Slughorn moved off again and idly stirred his potion. Potions
class was by far the most tedious class he had, and despite being a Slytherin,
its professor was his least favorite. He glanced behind him, expecting to see
Potter and Hermione leaning over their cauldrons, heads bent together, and
talking too quietly for anyone else to hear.

Hermione was leaning over her cauldron and talking softly so that only Potter
could hear, but to Ron's surprise the boy wasn't looking at his potion at all.
He was staring back at Ron with an expression that suggested he was pissed off
at him. This was strange for two reasons. One because Potter had been
veritable zombie for the last week and hadn't so much has glanced in his
direction, and the other because Ron couldn't think of anything he had done to
deserve such a look. At least not recently. Maybe he knew about him peeking in
on his little cuddle session with Hermione in the Astronomy Tower.

That was hardly his fault. Ron had almost completed gathering the necessary
supplies to break the curse and had gone up to finalize plans with Harry. It's
not like he had *wanted* to see them being absolute ninnies. He had been half
tempted to call up Draco to find them.

Maybe *he* would have thrown Potter off the tower.

He turned away from the Gryffindor and let that particular thought amuse him
for the remainder of the class period. Now that he was aware of it, he could
feel the other boy's glare on the back of his neck. It made him feel warm and
fuzzy inside.

Once class was over, he wasn't at all surprised when Potter stopped him in the
hall.

"Weasley, I need to speak with you."

Ron was tempted to smirk. All this time he had been trying to get Potter's
attention and now *he* needed to speak with him? He didn't of course. He
couldn't afford to piss the other boy off, even if it seemed he had done so
already.

"Okay," he said, blandly.

"Not here."

Potter turned and walked towards the stairs, and Ron rolled his eyes behind
his back but followed dutifully after him. They headed toward the greenhouses,
but rather than shuffle into Greenhouse number seven for Herbology, they
turned into what had been unofficially dubbed 'Inana's Greenhouse' where
Potter's pet cobra made its home, and no one else would dare bother them. Now
Ron's curiosity was peaked. What was this all about?

The greenhouse was hot and humid after being in the cold potions lab and
immediately uncomfortable. Even more so was Potter's toxic green eyes leveled
at him with the definitive air of accusation.

"What?" Ron asked innocently... or some Slytherin equivalent.

"You absolute bastard."

"Eh?"

"You complete fucking moron!"

"What I'd do?"

"Lucius bloody Malfoy."

"Oh... heh."

Okay, this was definitely bad. He hadn't ever intended Harry to know, and
really the other hadn't seemed to *want* to know. So how had he...?

"What the fuck were you thinking? Do you... You would have killed Draco's
father?"

The Slytherin let out a disgusted snort and rolled his eyes.

"Of course I would have! I'd happily spit on the grave of my father's
murderer. I would have thought you'd be happy to have let me! Come on, Potter,
don't tell me you haven't wished the man would just... disappear. Everyone
would be better off with him dead. Hermione not least among them."

Suddenly, Ron found himself grabbed by his cloak and pulled right off the
floor. He could only stare wide-eyed as Potter held him inches above the
ground, his face twisted in rage. It shouldn't have been possible, not without
some sort of spell or potion. Potter was not only shorter than him but several
pounds lighter (even after Ron has lost all that weight from being so sick).
He shouldn't have had the strength to be able to do what he was doing.

"You fool!" he shouted at him, giving him a harsh shake. "*It could have cost
us the war!*"

Ron was suddenly flying backwards and landing heavily in a pile of clay pots.
They shattered underneath him, and he felt something wet bloom against his
back followed by a wave of pain. Merlin, was Potter trying to kill him? He was
already weak from the curse. He couldn't battle Potter full out and hope to
win. In fact, he didn't know if he could get himself back up again.

"He's the leader of our armed forces, Weasley!" Potter was shouting at him.
"And you were driving him insane! Do have any idea how much damage you could
have done? How much damage you actually *did?*"

He blinked up at him. Oh. He hadn't actually thought about that. Or rather, he
had thought Malfoy would simply have died sooner and been quickly replaced. It
was government after all. Everyone was replaceable.

"How did you find out?" Ron asked instead, hoping to distract him from the
fact that he had no good excuse to offer. It seemed to work because Potter
started to pace and in doing so was ignoring his potential victim's prone
form.

"General Malfoy knows he's dying, and he knows he's going insane. He came to
me for a cure."

"Wait... what? Why would he...why wouldn't he go to Voldemort?"

"He thought Voldemort was the one who cursed him."

Ron couldn't help himself. He burst out laughing. And then had to stop and
roll as Potter hurled a trowel at him.

"I said he *thought* it was Voldemort," he snarled. "Now he thinks *I* did
it."

That sobered Ron up considerably. If Lucius suspected Potter, than he was
getting a little too close to home, and there was no reason to think the
Gryffindor wouldn't throw Ron to Lucius with the same vigor he had thrown him
to the pots. He cleared his throat anxiously.

"So... um... what are you going to do?"

Potter spared him a glare.

"I'm going to fix your fuck up like I said I would, if only to protect Ginny
and your brothers. Snape is working out the rest."

"Snape? You told Snape?"

"He thought I cursed Malfoy too. The general I can handle, but Snape? You're
on your own."

Ron just gaped at him.

"He's going to report me!"

"He's not going to report you."

"Of course he is! Why wouldn't he?"

"Because he'd rather punish you himself," Potter said, a hint of amusement
flitting across his features before he turned his hardened gaze back to him.
Ron had always known Potter was crazy, but he hadn't realized *how *crazy
until now. He was starting to fear for his life. The mad boy smirked down at
him. "Don't look so alarmed. I doubt he'll cause any permanent damage. After
all, as stupid and selfish as what you did was, you did it for family. We both
understand the importance of something like that."

"You're crazy."

"Like a fox."

"What?"

"... I guess that's not a wizarding saying, is it? Anyway, like I said, I'm
going to help you, but you're going to have to do something first."

Ron regarded him warily. He was still lying on the ground and was frankly
afraid to get up and spook the mad wizard in any way. Unfortunately, he could
also hear a slithering sound moving towards him from the other end of the
greenhouse, and if it was what he thought it was, he didn't want to be eye-
level with it when it reached him.

"Okay... uh... what do you want?"

"You're going to give me a wizarding oath never to attempt to harm Lucius
Malfoy... or any of his family again."

"What? But..."

"Don't say anything that will make me think you too stupid to be allowed to
live."

"... can we add a self-defense clause to that?"

Potter considered it for a moment.

"I guess," he said reluctantly.

"Okay. I guess I don't have much of a choice."

"I guess not. How are you coming with the supplies?"

"I have everything now. I've been trying to tell you that for days, but you've
been all... 'woe is me' or whatever. What was *that* all about?"

"None of your business," he snapped, then turned thoughtful and started
looking around the greenhouse. Ron had gotten up and moved to the other side
to avoid exactly what the other boy seemed to be looking for. Inana slithered
out from some withered foliage and onto Potter's open hand, up his arm, and
settled herself around his neck while he curled her body loosely around his
arm. The Slytherin shuddered slightly at the eerie sight. Snakes might be his
house's totem, but it would be a lie to say he had ever been entirely
comfortable with them.

"Meet me here Friday morning at nine o'clock. We'll finish it then."

"I have class. *You* have class for that matter."

"Snape will grant us permission. He wants this taken care of as quickly as
possible."

"Then why not do it tomorrow?"

Harry gave him an irritated look.

"Did you even *read* the counter spell?"

"Er..."

"Moron."

* * *

"How did it go?" Snape asked without looking up from the letter he was
composing as Harry slipped into his office. He noted to himself that there
seemed a little more pep to his ward's stride than there had been previously.

"Have I ever mentioned Ron is a moron?"

"I think you may have implied it from time to time."

"We should be able to complete the counter curse by Friday night. I'll need
Ron with me for that, if you wouldn't mind writing us a note."

"Will you need me to supervise in case something goes wrong?"

"If something goes wrong, you're not going to want to be there when it
happens. You might check in every once in a while."

Snape nodded, still not looking up.

"Have you seen your 'brother'?"

"I've glimpsed him here and there. I think he's having fun exploring the
castle."

"And he hasn't set off any of the castle's defenses?"

He found that somewhat worrisome. Harry didn't.

"He specializes in magics that let him get in and out of places. It must have
taken some very powerful or very special wards for Lord Voldemort to have held
him as long as he did. You should have seen him in Hausteheim. He was
brilliant. Well, brilliant and lucky."

Snape said nothing to this but filed it away for future consideration. If
Bobby was going to continue to keep Harry's company, his skills and weaknesses
needed to be understood and planned for. He set down his quill and set his
letter aside to dry. He looked to Harry. Harry looked at his hands, his
previous openness slipping away.

"Have you prepared yourself?" he asked.

The Gryffindor nodded without much enthusiasm. He didn't want to do this, even
if he understood why it had to be done. He hated to make himself vulnerable,
even to those he trusted. And his trust in Snape was not absolute. The potions
master stood and went to one of his cabinets and pulled out a pensieve and an
earthen jar. Harry was starting to wonder what the man kept in there.

"You may find yourself somewhat disoriented for the rest of the day," Snape
said as he prepared the pensieve. "I can arrange for you to sleep it off here
if you like."

"No thanks," he said. After they were done, he would probably want nothing but
a lot of distance between them. Assuming Snape wasn't busy ringing his neck.

"It's ready."

Harry had never placed a memory in a pensieve before, and after Snape showed
him how, he found he didn't much care for it. Removing the memories of
Gulandri's revelation of the cursed prophecy and Bobby's confirmation was
*extremely* disorienting, and he failed twice before he could keep himself
calm enough to simply let the memories go. Even afterward, he *knew* what
memories he had lost, but could not recall the details of the memories
themselves, and his mind kept running around in circles looking for memories
he *knew* should be there.

"Ugh," he groaned. "This isn't going to work. It's like having a song stuck in
my head and not knowing the words. It's going to drive me crazy."

"Hmm," Snape replied, noncommittally. He was busy observing the memories
playing out in the pensieve. There was a great deal more in that memory than
Harry had warned him of. When he was done, he pulled back to glower at his
ward.

"Carrigan?" he said. Harry looked at him, thought for a moment (it took longer
to figure it out without his most relevant memory to reference), then ducked
his head.

"Did you know him?"

"He called me a 'gloomy little brat' once."

Harry almost smiled but caught himself.

"Must have been a different Carrigan."

"No doubt." Snape wasn't quite sure what to make of this newest revelation,
except that it added a curious new dimension to the Dark Lord and Harry's
relationship. "Do you have any of his memories?"

"No. Nothing. I'm told I don't resemble his character very much either, except
for my ability to get along with Voldemort."

"And who made this astute observation?"

"Bobby. Or rather Bobbitimus Carrigan IV, Seamus Carrigan's brother."

Snape began rubbing his temple. "Playwrights could not write a plot this
absurd. Very well, I don't suppose it really matters."

"You don't think I would be in danger if Voldemort found out?"

"You may be in less danger than anything. Gulandri was a liar or perhaps
simply ignorant. The Dark Lord never would have harmed Carrigan...
you...Hhhmm..."

Harry gave him a stern look.

"Carrigan. We're not the same person even if we share a soul."

"Hhmm..."

"If it's any consolation, *I* don't think you're a 'gloomy little brat'."

Snape's glare told him it *wasn't* any consolation. The elder wizard pointed
him to a stool, where Harry reluctantly sat himself and took a deep breath.
This was the part he had been dreading, for the pensieve was the simplest and
least invasive part of a plan Snape had concocted to safeguard 'The Secret'.
The initial revelation was tucked in an inconspicuously sealed vial identical
to any of the anti-anxiety draughts he carried for his panic attacks, but
there were any number of memories and thoughts that had occurred afterward
that would reveal the contents of 'the Secret'. They could not all be removed
without taking his memory of the entire week as well, and that simply wasn't
going to work.

To solve the problem, Snape was going to have to put his considerable
legilimency skills to use and perform what he called a 'Trigger-Tuck'.
Legilimency could not be used to alter or erase memories, that required
different sorts of spell crafts, but a skilled legilimens could hide memories,
'tucking' them away so that they could not be readily accessed. Harry would
know he had forgotten something, but he wouldn't know precisely what. In order
to remember clearly, he would have to be exposed to the 'trigger' memory. In
this case, the memory so carefully stored in the potion's vial on Snape's
desk.

Snape would have to rummage around in his mind for memories of the past week
or so since Hausteheim. Harry would have to let him.

He would have no control over what Snape learned while he was inside his head.
There were innumerable secrets and intimacies he had never intended to share
except with those parties already involved, embarrassments he preferred
forgotten, hopes he had abandoned, and vulnerabilities he had carefully
hidden. Snape would have access, if not time or inclination, to examine any of
them and inevitably he would see some Harry preferred he did not during his
search.

But he didn't have much of a choice. His guardian had been right about Harry's
life being at risk. How many times had he brushed death immediately after the
return from Ireland, his mind vulnerable at the briefest meeting of eyes with
either Voldemort or even more dangerously, Lucius Malfoy, who was already
suspicious and looking for answers? Eventually, Harry's unease over the
Prophecy would become apparent to one or both of them. Snape had proven
already that he froze or folded when confronted with his own deceptions. It
would take Voldemort considerably less effort to render his protégé a tongue-
tied, blathering fool or guilt-ridden, silent penitent, and Malfoy; savage,
persistent, cunning; could not be resisted indefinitely.

Then there were the unknown dangers. Legilimens were rare, but they tended to
accumulate in the upper crust of business and politics, where cutthroat
competition had those of talent seeking any means possible to find advantage.
Harry had met plenty of witches and wizards of this character, although he
could not readily identify the legilimens and occlumens amongst them.
Fortunately, he had already cultivated the practice of avoiding prolonged,
direct eye contact (this was both to prevent someone from reading his mind and
to keep from making others uncomfortable as he was well aware his eyes were
unnerving to most) and he was rarely in unfamiliar company for extended
periods of time. As he grew older and became increasingly active in both
politics and society, he had been spending more and more time with those
potentially dangerous individuals. Once he left the sanctuary of Hogwarts, the
danger would increase exponentially.

Voldemort had already been toying with the idea of occlumency lessons, but
given the sensitive nature of his mind's contents, not least amongst it his
peculiar intimacies with the Dark Lord himself, an appropriate teacher (Snape
too busy and perhaps too short tempered to do it himself) had been hard to
come by. How long before the Dark Lord took it upon himself to teach Harry the
necessary skill and in doing so uncovered the truth?

"One day, I suspect you will have obtained the necessary skills in occlumency
and lying to maintain your secret yourself," Snape had said, after Harry had
finally been convinced but still sullen after the agreement. "Until then, you
must continue to rely on me."

And rely he would, even if he wasn't in the least bit happy about it.

* * *

Harry sat stiffly on the stool as Snape approached him. Despite the
acquiescence to his logic, he could see the young man struggling to meet his
eyes. Habit and anxiety were working against them, and Snape had to remain
patient as the green orbs turned first to the ceiling then to the window and
eventually to his chin. There was no rush. A mountain of paperwork was
threatening to collapse off his desk, his wife was due to walk through the
door at any moment, and he was already ten minutes late for a meeting with
Seitler, but none of that really mattered.

The world was chaos and calamity and stress, but his mind was still and calm
and untouchable. If it did not matter within his own mind, it did not matter
at all. This was the essential truth all legilimens and occlumens had to
master.

Eventually, Harry's eyes finally settled on his own, and Snape slipped in
without so much as blinking. Most legilimens never found reason to move beyond
the surface thoughts and memories of their victims- the effort, skill, and
risk of going deeper beyond them. Snape was not most legilimens, and like with
potions he had sought to become a master of the art and the rewards of doing
so had proven themselves time and time again.

Harry's mind was different from most others he had explored, as he had known
it would have to be, but even he was little thrown by what he found. Snape had
begun practicing legilimency while still at Hogwarts, hoping to learn a skill
that would provide forewarning to the Marauders incessant pranking and
eventually yield the ultimate humiliation and revenge against them. He had not
gotten far enough along for it to be used in such a way until after they had
graduated, but by the time he was twenty-six he had delved deeply into the
minds of no less than fifty-five witches and wizards, often multiple times
when given the opportunity. Each mind had been a little different, but most
followed a certain schema whenever he delved beyond the shallow surface
thoughts to the more interesting, long-term memories. Doors were the most
common theme, as with Hermione, libraries were a close second, and followed
distantly by galleries. Occasionally, something more unusual came along.

One of his early landladies had her memories stored as threads interwoven in a
magnificent loom. His university guidance counselor's had been flowers and
trees in a vast greenhouse.

Harry's memories were light bulbs.

Lamp bulbs, blacklight bulbs, Christmas light bulbs, flood lights, fluorescent
lights, nightlights, electric lanterns, spherical bulbs, oblong bulbs, skinny
bulbs, fat bulbs, bulbs that were blinding in their brightness and others
flickering on and off erratically, bulbs of every color, bulbs that changed
color, and some bulbs that could not have existed except through magic or in
the imagination of a particularly strange child. The floor upon which he stood
was mirrored, so that the radiant splendor shone from below just as it did
from above. Snape took a moment to admire it all, for the lights stretched out
in an endless sea of darkness to form constellations and galaxies of
glittering reds and greens and teal blues that no man had seen the likes of
while staring up at the stars from Earth. All of them hung from long black
cords attached to a ceiling that despite the abundance of light, remained too
high for Snape to make out himself. The cords themselves were unremarkable,
except that while some seemed to hang straight down and unfettered, others
were tangled together.

The significance of this, Snape didn't figure out until later.

The first memory bulb he examined was an innocuous white bulb any wizard or
muggle might find hanging in their attic or basement. The bulb was warm, but
no memory presented itself at first. He examined it but found no switch or
string to activate it. After a moment, he unscrewed it.

The bulb dimmed for a moment but then lit again, this time revealing not a
galaxy of light, but a small, cramped space. It would have been too small to
accommodate a man of Snape's size, let alone a roommate, but the memory bent
itself to allow him to observe the memory play itself out. Harry was there,
younger than Snape has ever seen him, screaming bloody murder in German and
kicking at the door viciously with his bare foot. Tears were running down his
round little face, and despite how furiously as he was screaming it was clear
to him that the child was more afraid than anything. What was this place, he
wondered? Had Harry's large cousin perhaps locked him in a crawl space or
cupboard as a prank?

Snape continued to watch for a while, strangely fascinated despite himself. It
seemed Harry had had a penchant for trouble even before he had learned he was
a wizard. He was curious to see if he might somehow find a way to sneak his
way out of this one.

He didn't have to wait long before the door was suddenly thrown open to reveal
Vernon Dursley's red face. Snape sighed. It seemed the adventure was over. His
uncle had come to call off the prank and let Harry out.

Except that he didn't.

"Listen, you little ingrate," Vernon growled, pointing a pudgy finger at him.
"If you don't stop that racket this instant, you're going to be sorry. Do you
understand me? I've got an early morning tomorrow and I am sick of your
caterwauling. Go to sleep!"*

Harry said nothing, merely glowered back as tears continued to fall. The door
was slammed shut, a latch clicked into place, and Snape listened as heavy
footsteps trod away down the hall and then overhead. He felt a swell of
disgust for the muggle. What sort of punishment was this? Forcing a child to
sleep in a cupboard like a boggart?

Snape continued to watch. Little Harry burst out into sobs, not the brattish
temper-throwing crocodile tears he had familiarized himself with throughout
his time as a professor, but true heartbroken tears of grief and misery and
despair. Snape wondered how long it had been since his parents' death. It
couldn't have been more than year. His disgust for Vernon solidified into
hatred.

Yet something of his ward's notorious resilience surfaced, and soon he was
screaming and kicking at the door even louder than before. When Vernon
appeared a second time, it was with a belt. Snape would have killed the man if
he were able.

Harry cried more after this but only briefly, and Vernon had not even made it
up the stairs before the child was at it again, screaming and beating the
walls with his little fists as well as his feet now. On and on and on...

When Vernon came a third time, Snape thought irrationally that he meant to
kill Harry. Indeed, he looked very much like he wanted to, his face nearly
purple and a vein pulsing on his forehead. Instead, he merely shouted, "Fine!
You can sleep on the couch!" then trudged off, leaving the door open this
time.

Harry did not immediately move. He stared wide-eyed and shaking at the open
hatch, as if its existence was incomprehensible. Perhaps he too had thought
Vernon Dursley would kill him this time. Certainly, he couldn't have thought
he would win. Finally, the child, still sniffling and rubbing his wet eyes,
gathered up his blanket and pillow and crawled out. Snape attempted to follow
but found only an infinite darkness beyond the little space.

The memory was over.

After some time wasted fumbling back inside the cupboard looking for a means
of returning to the entry point, he screwed the light bulb back into the empty
socket which hung from the low ceiling. The bulb dimmed and then re-lit.

Snape was back at the bulb galaxy.

The entire memory had probably lasted thirty minutes. It didn't matter. Time
moved differently in the mind, particularly within memories.

He continued peeking into memories after this, but forced himself not to
linger in any as long as he had the first. Normally, Snape would not have
found this difficult, as memory searches were usually rather tedious in his
experience, composed mostly of things mundane or meaningful only to the person
involved. Harry's were not unlike that, as many things he came across were
insignificant.

A quidditch match. An argument with that Cypher girl. A Durmstrang teacher
briskly shearing his wild raven hair into scalp-hugging buzz cut. Hermione
giving him his pocket watch. The full moon rising over the lake.

There were other memories, however, that involved himself or in some way were
related to him and revealed things about Harry or his seemingly irrational
behavior Snape had not understood at the time. Even more things that didn't
involve him in any way and yet he felt drawn to watch.

Biting Voldemort on the hand in the midst of being smothered. A conversation
between them over what to plant in their garden before they left for Hogwarts.
Black lying on the ground, Harry holding his guts inside his body with his
bare hands and Greyback and Voldemort hovering over them both. Snape,
completely unaware of being observed, kissing the back of Ira's neck before
slipping on a necklace. Lily reciting the capitols of Europe over the dinner
table, a radio playing in the background. Vesper's lifeless body slipping from
Harry's fingers and falling... falling... falling...

Snape looked in on far more memories than he should have, but it took longer
for him to determine the logic behind Harry's memory schema than any other he
had wandered through before. Most people had a sort of order to their
memories, part chronology and part subject matter, but Harry's seemed to fall
randomly across time and space. It wasn't until Snape started paying attention
to the cords, rather than the bulbs, that some sense of order began to form.

The bulbs that hung from unfettered cords were generally unimportant; events
or impressions that for one reason or another, his brain had recorded without
much in the way of context. Merely random facts or impressions waiting to be
applied to more complicated thoughts or decisions. The tangled cords, however,
contained related memories, some of them even overlapping, but all related to
each other.

In one tangle he followed Harry's most recent trip to France, from the tedious
train ride, to the request of Queen Ophelia, and to his brazen, childish game
with the Dark Lord through the palace gardens. In another tangle, he watched
as Harry met Luna, was courted by Luna, held her ravaged lupine form in his
arms, grieved the death of their clan members, fell in love, was betrayed by
thought if not deed, and then parted.

Most tangles led to other tangles, the triumphs and tragedies of Harry's life
intertwining, sometimes to the point Snape could not tell where one cord
started and another ended. It was fascinating, and if he hadn't such an
important purpose already in place he might have taken additional liberties
and explored further into his oftentimes perplexing ward's mind. However, when
he finally stumbled upon an already empty socket, he knew he had found the
memory they had removed, and from here he would find all the other memories he
would need to 'tuck'.

'Tucking' was not difficult but not something Snape did very often. There was
nothing subtle about it, and the 'victim' could easily discover such
tampering. He had only ever done it twice before and both times at the Dark
Lord's behest. He examined each memory, more than fifty altogether, judged
each one's relevance to the Prophecy, and 'made adjustments'. Harry's memories
proved quite simple to handle. Being in the mind, he merely had to imagine
some form of appropriate concealment and exert his will, however briefly, over
the memory itself.

Whenever he came across a memory, or a segment of a memory relating to that
taboo subject, he would concentrate deeply for a moment, and the bulb would
dim until barely anything could be seen and sound faded away with the light.
Thus, the memory was 'tucked'. 'Triggering' was even simpler, and merely
involved tying the cords of the tucked memories directly to the cord with the
empty socket. If or when the trigger memory was reinserted, all of the dimmed
memories would be illuminated once again.

Once he was done, he did another thorough examination of each memory and
several surrounding memories, just to be certain. Exhausted but satisfied, he
released his hold on Harry's mind and slipped back into his own.

Green eyes greeted him with some consternation.

"I forgot something," Harry said, frowning. "Am I supposed to know I forgot
something?"

Snape blinked and pulled away, rubbing his forehead. His head ached from the
undivided concentration he had been forced to exert for what had seemed like
hours, although in reality it could only have been a few minutes. He moved to
his desk and settled himself back into his chair.

"Yes," Snape said, at last. "I wanted to make you safe, not ignorant. Now,
even if you don't know *why* you had to remove the memory, you will know it
was important and you'll eventually want it back."

Harry nodded but still didn't seem satisfied.

"Merlin, this is going to bug me," he said.

Snape wasn't impressed or particularly interested. The boy suddenly turned
shy, fidgeting with his robes and looking everywhere else in the room except
at his guardian.

"So... um... am I in trouble?" he asked, after a moment.

Snape regarded him blandly.

"Should you be?"

"Er... well, that's a matter of opinion."

"Mmm... I don't suppose you thought to mention that you are now an animagus?
An unregistered animagus?"

"Well... ah... Technically, I haven't figured out how to control the
transformation yet, so I don't think that qualifies."

"And how about smuggling my goddaughter to France?"

"Hey! I'm not smuggling her to France!" he protested, then thought a moment.
"Unless absolutely necessary."

"Only if your attempt to blackmail Lucius backfires?"

"Yeah, pretty much."

"The likelihood of which has increased considerably since he now believes you
are the one who cursed him in the first place," he said, a touch of
frustration seeping into his voice. "If you wanted to have her emancipated,
you should have come to me first."

"You might have said no."

"Of course I would have said 'no'! And then I would have given you ten good
reasons why not and then ten other better ideas."

Harry's expression turned mutinous.

"That's funny, since I didn't hear you coming up with anything in the last
*five months*!"

Snape had no comeback to that.

"I... am not going to get into a pointless argument with you. I frankly don't
have the time right now. I expect you, Hermione, and Draco this Saturday for
afternoon tea."

"You mean for an afternoon inquisition?"

"It's a little late to try and be clever, Potter. Now get out of my office,
I'm late for a meeting."

Despite the magnitude of what had just transpired, the Gryffindor still had
the gall to act the wronged teenager and stalked out of the office in a huff,
slamming the door behind him. Snape smirked to himself. It seemed Harry and he
were now locked once again in eternal frustration with one another.

All was now right with the world.

A moment later, the door opened again and Harry popped his head in.

"Er... Thanks... you know, for whatever you did."

Snape sighed. So much for the world.

"Please go away."

The door shut, quietly this time.

* * *

Lucius reclined on the sofa in his study, reading a letter he had received
that afternoon from Severus by the light of the burning fireplace. A small
bundle of dried herbs that had been included in the envelope rested on the
mantel. He had been forced to delay opening it until that evening, Narcissa
being unusually bothersome that day. His recovery from the Dark Lord's ire had
been unusually slow, and she was adamant that he follow the instructions of
the medi-witches and wizards who insisted he refrain from anything stressful
or strenuous. He had been banned from his office, official and unofficial
visitors alike had been turned away, and she had him spied upon by his own
house elves to ensure he did not attempt anything other sitting or lying
somewhere gathering dust. The only reason he had been allowed Severus' letter
was because he had threatened the elves with clothes if they didn't hand
anything by him or Lord Voldemort over immediately, and even then he had been
forced to wait or else risk his devoted and harping wife's wrath if she caught
him with it.

The letter was brief and written in a polite, vague way that no one else would
be able to accurately decipher.

*Lucius,*

* I hope this letter finds you in recovery, though I know good health will elude you for some time yet. I bear news that may at least put you in better spirits. A solution has been found for the problem you apprised me of in October. Our young friend has proved instrumental in this and despite your concerns, was not a contributor to the problem itself. The matter shall be resolved by this Friday.*

* However, there is still the matter of compensation. Although our young friend is under my supervision, there are certain matters I lack the authority to command him. Charity being one such matter, and one I neither encourage nor expect that you would accept. The price he has demanded I believe is one he has already made known to you, and given the circumstances, not an unfair one. *

* I await your reply.*

* Sincerely, *

* S.S. *

*P.S. The sage will help assist in your recovery. Burn 6oz every three hours. *

Lucius crumpled the letter in his fist and threw it in the fire. His hands
were shaking, and for once it was not from shock or pain. He mentally cursed
Severus and Potter to the devil and entertained several colorful methods of
death upon them both. Eventually, however, this grew tiresome and only served
to feed the headache he had been sporting all day.

"Ebbi!"

A house elf popped into existence before him, kowtowing before him in
worshipful reverence.

"I am here, Master!" she squeaked.

He snatched the bundle of sage from the mantle and tossed it at her. It
bounced off her head and landed on the floor, where she quickly gathered it
back up.

"Find an incense burner and place six oz of that inside."

Regardless of his anger, he was not going to ignore Severus's remedies when
presented. The house elf left and returned with the necessary items a moment
later and placed the elaborately gilded dish beside his chair. A fragrant
smoke rose up from the grated slots. True to Severus' word, Lucius felt his
headache recede immediately and some small portion of his strength return to
him. With this renewed vigor, some of his venom left him.

At least in regards to Severus. The man had been more than generous, he
finally acknowledged to himself, even if the 'solution' he had so far
presented had been difficult to swallow. The pain and degradation he had
suffered at the Dark Lord's hands were not his fault, and if not for his
friend's assistance it could have been far worse than it was. The matter with
Hermione's betrothal...well, that was hardly surprising. Severus had never
liked the idea of Crouch marrying his goddaughter, but even if he had he
likely would have upheld Potter's price being worth the cost. Lucius had done
so already.

If he had anything to be angry with Severus over, it was his belief that
Potter was not a 'contributor'. Was the man a fool? Or had he merely been
blinded by the child's seeming naiveté? Had he not witnessed for himself the
depths of his manipulations, the extent of his ambition? Would the boy not be
satisfied until they were all either in his debt or under his spell?

If Potter was not somehow the cause of the curse, then he was, at the very
least, using it to further his own ends. Saving Hermione could not be his only
intention despite what he claimed. He had made a fool of Lucius, and he had
lowered his position in the Dark Lord's eyes. The fact that Potter had walked
away from this incident he had been a more than equal 'contributor' to without
punishment from the Dark Lord or at least nothing nearing the severity of his
own punishment was something that inspired no little amount of bitterness.

Potter could not be allowed to win. If left unchecked, he would continue to
manipulate everyone around him, including the Dark Lord himself, and play all
the country like a fiddle. He needed to be taught some humility. He needed to
be controlled.

Unfortunately, he could not do so by continuing the betrothal to Crouch. That
was a battle he had lost, and to continue it would put his life at risk and
alienate Snape from any further alliances. In the future, he wanted the
potions master firmly in his corner. While his friend might be fooled to some
extent by Potter, he was not enamored of him in the same way the Dark Lord was
and could be relied upon to see reason. If he could find some means of earning
Severus's support while antagonizing his ward at the same time, a wedge could
be driven between them that Lucius could take advantage of.

Then there was Crouch. This might serve him in making Crouch an enemy of
Potter, who would now have reason to turn his neutral regard into animosity
for once again reviving the financial debt he owed to Lucius at the
dissolution of the betrothal. Crouch was a devious bastard. If he decided to
take revenge on Potter, the boy would not walk away unscathed.

He smiled to himself. Plans were already starting to form, and with his
thoughts clearing with every breath of smoky air he was feeling increasingly
confident of them. When the curse was lifted on Saturday and his mind and body
freed from its corruption, he would decide which of the plans held the most
merit.

For now, however, he could only let his dark imaginings wrap around him like a
warm blanket and comfort his black heart.

* * *

Author's Notes:

[^130-1]: Vernon Dursley does not know that Harry can understand English. He's like
someone who rants at a dog for pissing on the rug or their computer for
getting a glitch, too angry and irrational to accept that they can't
understand what he's saying.
