# Warfare

Author's Note: Happy (slightly belated) Birthday Yamanana and many happy
returns! I started writing this as soon as I posted chapter 4 and wanted
to get it done on your B-day, but it turned into this gigantosaur of a
chapter. I think you'll like it though.

And Happy Labor Day to all my fellow yankees.

Harry returned to the cottage early in the afternoon on the third day of
his visit. He was tired and sore from the days spent working and
studying (which included everything from his animagi lessons to archery
to gardening) and the nights spent listening to Sirius tell him of the
happenings at the Goddess clan and elsewhere. His sleep was short and
fitful, haunted by Greyback and the shadow wolves and Luna's
disapproving eyes. He did not see her for the rest of stay, but she
haunted the edge of his thoughts where ever he went.

Kingsley was in a worse state than him, if possible. He had been tense
and wary for the entire three days, struggling to recognize potential
danger in a situation where *everything* should have been considered
dangerous, and Harry's insistence to the contrary had not helped
matters. Now he was just exhausted, and clearly wanted this job to be
done and over with.

They had left a little earlier than intended as storm clouds had started
to roll in and they decided to leave before they caught in it. It was
drizzling in the village when they arrived, but they walked the rest of
the way back to the cottage anyway. Harry invited Kingsley inside to
clean up and have lunch, and took him around to the side door that led
into the kitchen. Once there, they both got a surprise.

"Hello, Harry. You're back earlier than I expected," Voldemort greeted,
looking up from his papers strewn across the kitchen table. Across from
him, Morgan was sipping a glass of lemonade in one hand and filling out
a form with another. Mrs. Morgan was puttering around the kitchen in the
process of baking something or other, and reminded him to clean his
boots before he walked across the nice clean floor.

Harry looked over his shoulder at Kingsley and asked him tiredly, "Is
the Dark Lord *really* sitting at my kitchen table or do I just need to
take a nap."

The Sentinel looked over Harry's shoulder at the scene.

"Yes, he's there."

"Oh, good. I was worried," he said, and then turned back to Voldemort.
"Hey. Something wrong with your office?"

"I missed you too, and you know I don't like working at the same place
everyday. Besides, I wanted to discuss how your meeting with Blackbone
went."

"Let me take a shower first and I'll tell you all it."

"Very well. I'll talk to Shacklebolt first."

Harry dropped off his things in his room and took a quick shower. When
he returned to the kitchen, Kingsley was looking very stiff and official
as he made his report while sitting between Voldemort and Morgan.
Someone had put the kettle on for tea, and Harry slumped into the last
remaining chair as he waited for it to finish.

"I can't account for all of his decisions," Kingsley explained, "But
there was nothing impulsive or erratic about them. He knows exactly what
he's doing. Ha- Mr. Potter likely knows more than I do. Blackbone kept
him at several meetings I was not privy to, even if he talked very
little to him throughout our stay."

"I see," Voldemort said, and turned to Harry, who was resting his head
in his hand and looked ready to fall asleep that way. "How was your
reunion?"

"Worse than I'd hoped, but better than I expected."

Mrs. Morgan set down a cup of tea in front of him, and smiled gratefully
at her.

"He's not happy with what happened, but he blames himself as much as he
does anyone else, including me. Greyback really fucked us- er… pulled
one over on us. I don't think Sirius is up to anything sinister or
insane, I just think he's trying to re-organize so that it can't be done
again. And now that he's the new Head Alpha he has to show everyone
who's boss, and that means making everyone jumped through hoops for a
while."

"Including you?"

Harry grimaced, or at least hoped that's what his expression was. He
hadn't exactly been practicing in the mirror.

"I guess so. Remus seemed to think it was normal."

"He never threatened you?"

Harry just sort of looks at him as if he'd been asked the distance
between Mars and Istanbul. Voldemort didn't pursue it. It was
hypocritical to ask given their history, and obviously it wasn't
something that appeared to concern Harry overly much if Shacklebolt's
rather frustrated account of his refusal to leave until scheduled was
anything to go by. Instead, he smiled mockingly.

"Did you have a good time?"

The Gryffindor chuckled into his tea.

"It was fabulous. At least my aim with a bow has improved. I know how to
skin a weasel now too."

"Useful skills, no doubt. Were you invited back?"

"Not until mid July. There was some talk about me going to the Summer
Festival, but Sirius seemed to think there would probably be a lot of
fighting and didn't want me in the middle of it."

This was partly true. Sirius was expecting a lot of fighting with the
unprecedented number of werewolves coming into the Goddess Clan village
and many of them high strung with the reorganizations of the packs and
the war closing in on them again, but his primary concern appeared to be
that Harry would get into a conflict with the healers and the shamans
for having sealed himself off from communing with the gods and discarded
his ceremonial staff. Sirius had been relieved by his choice to discard
his position as shaman, and felt it strengthened his own position
against them, but he also knew they wouldn't take kindly to Harry's
perceived insult. He didn't think that was Voldemort's business,
however, especially as Sirius didn't want it to be the Dark Lord's
business. The Head Alpha suspected the wizard would attempt to take
advantage somehow, and Harry didn't doubt it.

They talked for a while longer about what was happening among the
various werewolf colonies and Voldemort's own understanding of the
public's reaction. No one seemed to even notice the new colonies, and
with the greater threat of German and Italian forces moving into Britain
they had all but been forgotten. There had been a few angry protest
letters in the papers about foreign werewolves stealing the jobs of
British witches and wizards but that was the extent of it.

Kingsley watched them both, too aware of his position to relax and too
curious to look away as the most feared man in Britain made idle
conversation with one of the most beloved. Morgan didn't even look up
from his paperwork and his wife treated it all as an ordinary luncheon
among friends. The Dark Lord eventually grew annoyed of his gawking,
however.

"Let's move our discussion to the study," he told Harry. "I'll leave
Shacklebolt to you Morgan."

Morgan nodded.

"See ya, Kingsley," Harry said, as he followed Voldemort.

In the study, the Dark Lord closed the door behind them but didn't cast
a Silencing Charm. He took the reading chair and Harry immediately moved
to the loveseat by the window and reclined onto it.

"Don't fall asleep just yet," the man teased. "I still wanted to talk to
you a little more."

"Sure. What did you want to talk about?"

"This and that. Do you play chess?"

Harry blinked at the unexpected question. "Sort of. I almost never
beaten anyone at it."

"Then you need proper instruction and practice. Where does Severus keep
his set?"

Harry stood and went to grab the chess set from its hiding spot on top
of the liquor cabinet. Snape didn't keep a wizarding chess set. He
claimed all the moving pieces bashing each other to bits were
distracting, noisy, and entertaining to only the most juvenile of
players. Harry thought Snape just liked being a stick in the mud.

Voldemort transfigured an ottoman into a small table and set it between
the loveseat and reading chair. They set up their pieces, knowing
without speaking that Harry would play white and Voldemort would play
black. Harry moved his first pawn. Voldemort shook his head.

"You don't have a strategy," he said, disapprovingly.

"How can I pick a strategy? I've got infinite possibilities before the
game starts."

"You can always change your strategy as the game proceeds, but you
should have a goal in mind before you start. Right now you're waiting to
react to what I am going to do, and since I am a master chess player I
will have executed my move before you even see it coming," he warned.
"Pick a piece of mine that you want to take, it doesn't matter which
one, and then figure out three different ways that you can take that
piece. Then move one of the pawns that will help you perform one of
those tactics. Wait for my move, and decide if you can or want to
continue or pick a new strategy."

Harry put his pawn back, and did as he was told, thinking of which black
piece he wanted. He moved his pawn back were he had it in the first
place.

"Better," Voldemort said, with a touch of irony. He moved his own pawn.
"So did anything else interesting happen at the colony?"

"Not really." The novice kept his eyes glued to the board, and finding
no opening he advanced another pawn to block the black pawn.

"I noticed you didn't have your staff."

"…I threw it away."

Voldemort looked up from the board.

"Why?"

"I didn't want it anymore. I was already being scolded for the seal on
my stomach, so I just said 'screw this' and threw it away."

"Blackbone wasn't insulted?"

Harry smirked. "He just laughed. I don't think he likes the shamans."

The Dark Lord thought for a moment about it, and moved his bishop to
take Harry's second pawn. "You should make an offering to Rhiannon at
the next full moon. Your actions may be perceived as an insult rather
than a personal choice otherwise."

"Alright. You're not angry?"

"About the staff? No. It was a symbol of your position within the pack,
not of your relationship with the gods. It is of little consequence in
these times of transition. I am, however, rather upset you didn't
volunteer this information to me yourself."

Harry looked at him steadily, particularly where he knew the Dark Lord
kept his wand. The man didn't even look up from the board.

"You don't seem very upset," he pointed out.

The man smirked. "Checkmate."

"Shit!"

They reset the board and started again.

"Think we can talk about something else?" Harry asked.

"Certainly, just don't think for a moment that my revenge is over."

"Noted. So… Ireland."

"A lovely country. I'm thinking about commissioning a palace there after
the war is over."

"Er… yes, it is quite nice, rampaging fairies aside. I was thinking
about going there this summer. I have a friend, Natalie Cypher, whose
volunteering over there and she invited me to come and see. I thought
since my current job doesn't take up a lot of time but I can't get a
second one that I could go over and help. Just for a week or two in July
and August."

"No."

"Alright, it probably wasn't the best idea to ask after your revenge
spiel, but it would be good press. Everyone could see I'm fully
recovered and bravely doing my civic duties and helping with the war
effort without actually getting blown up again."

"Two words, Harry. Rampaging fairies. Your last visit was far from
uneventful, and they've become increasingly aggressive since then. I
would rather not tempt fate. Besides, I have already arranged for press
coverage at your next dueling competition in order to reassure the
public you are fully recovered. Although, since you desire to do your
civic duty, there are a number of charity events in England and Scotland
that I believe would benefit from your presence. Checkmate."

"God dammit!"

Harry thought about pursuing the matter. He *really* wanted to go to
Ireland, and not just to help Natalie. While their friendship was better
than ever and he greatly respected the work that she did, he wasn't all
that enthusiastic about jumping back into the war effort even for a good
cause. His true motivation for going was far more selfish. In his
journey through his own private limbo, he had encountered a visage
claiming to be Carrigan, which should have been impossible, but it had
given him the means of verifying the truth. He had spoken to Harry of a
place that only he and Voldemort and Bobby knew about, and a secret
hidden there, waiting to be uncovered. If he could find that place and
that thing, he would know for certain whether that being was truly
Carrigan or a figment of his own psyche.

If it truly were the old druid, he wanted to find him again and speak to
him. Since Brennan's death, he had very few to talk to about the pagan
arts and what they meant. Voldemort, although Harry respected him a
great deal, was not readily available most of the time and his lack of
moral compass tended to skew his answers in rather dark directions.
Besides, there were many questions he wanted to ask about Voldemort
himself that he didn't dare ask directly.

It seemed he would have to find another way. If Bobby would just come
around, he was certain they could find a way to get to that secret place
and back again before anyone noticed he was gone. But Bobby hadn't come
back. He had been expecting him to show up eventually but to no avail.
Voldemort had told him of the 'talking raven Greyback had summoned', but
then told him it had disappeared as soon as they reached the
underground, so he must have gotten out before the fighting started.

Well, Bobby had his own things to do. He would show up when he felt like
it just as he always did.

At least figuring out how to do it on his own would give him something
to do. If all the adults he knew, excluding Sirius and Remus, had their
way, it would prove to be an excruciatingly boring summer.

"You owe me apparating lessons."

Harry, in an unusually insightful move, took Voldemort's Queen with his
bishop. The Dark Lord eyes actually widened, and he smiled before taking
Harry's bishop with his rook.

"I suppose I do. Although you realize you will be receiving instruction
on this with your classmates this year?"

Harry shrugged.

"I want to be better at it than them."

"A philosophy I generally approve of. I hope you don't expect to
apparate to Ireland any time soon."

"Well, I hadn't thought about it until you said something. I'm just sick
of all your wonky travel arrangements. I think I should be able to
apparate anywhere in Britain. It's safer and more convenient."

"Very well, I'll arrange a tutor. Check."

"Ha!" Harry moved his King, taking out one of Voldemort's pawns.
"Thanks."

"You're welcome. Check."

The young wizard groaned and continued his retreat. They fell into a
discussion about apparition; its history, uses, and limitations. Then
about other forms of magic that were traditionally wandless, including
flying on brooms, potions, divination (Harry was surprised the Dark Lord
practiced several very simple forms of it for very practical purposes),
and animancy[^115-1]. Then they discussed wands and how everyone came to use
them and why everyone's was different, which led to more discussions
about keystones and magical elements and patronus. They theorized about
the evolution of wizarding society as a reflection of the evolution in
the practice of magic, and the growing distinction between wizarding
folk and muggles. They talked for several hours as Voldemort navigated
Harry around the intricacies of chess, and the younger wizard was
increasingly impressed with his teacher's seemingly endless supply of
knowledge about such a wide variety of subjects. Hermione could be like
that sometimes, but she wasn't able to connect seemingly unrelated
subjects in an interdisciplinary web of 'truth' the same way the Dark
Lord was able to.

She talked facts.

He talked components.

Not that Harry agreed with all of the 'truths' Voldemort had concluded
with the seemingly logical arrangements of components, especially when
it came to the man's disparaging view of muggles. He made several
counter arguments that threw the Dark Lord off guard, during which Harry
was careful to take advantage of his distraction to attempt particularly
sneaky moves on the chessboard. Voldemort never did concede that any of
his theories might be wrong, but Harry did manage to last for up to
twenty minutes during one game and put his opponent in check twice.

A knock at the study door interrupted an argument on the merits of
muggle science. Susan opened the door.

"Dinner is ready," she announced pleasantly, and smiled a she saw what
they had been doing the entire time. "Will you want to finish this game
first?"

Voldemort looked down at the board, and moved his queen.

"Checkmate. We're done."

Harry grumbled something unintelligible and followed the man back to the
dining room, where dinner had already been laid out for them. Kingsley
was gone, and likely had been for hours. Morgan was still there,
however, and Harry was happy to let the Dark Lord discuss politics and
battle plans and Mrs. Morgan made the occasional token comment while he
focused on actually eating. After dinner was completed both adult
wizards got up to go together.

"I need to drop off some of these reports at the office. I'll be back in
an hour or two," Morgan informed his wife.

Meanwhile, Voldemort had pulled Harry aside for a few more words before
he left.

"I'll send a list of apparition instructors tomorrow. In the mean time,
send Lucius an owl. He's been asking after you. I would rather have the
two of you getting along, so play nice."

He tried very hard not to show the Dark Lord what he thought of that
idea, and simply nodded.

"And Harry, remember-"

"Muggles are evil," he guessed.

"Well, that too. The next full moon is in ten days. Remember to make an
offering."

"I will. Thanks for coming. Be safe."

Voldemort quirked his head at Harry's curious turn of phrase. It wasn't
the first time Harry had ever said it, but no one aside from the
Gryffindor had told him to 'be safe' for decades, and it was a little
startling to hear some one say it with any amount of sincerity. It made
him feel strangely pleased for some reason. He squeezed his protégé's
shoulder as he passed him on his way to the door.

"You as well, my friend."

\~ Page Break\~

Two weeks at the manor and Hermione was already stir crazy. Narcissa had
refused to let either Draco or her leave the manor without an adult
escort, and while she could send Dobby out to get her anything she
wanted it wasn't the same. Natalie and Harry were both doing their own
things, Ron was persona non grata on the estate and by extension
everyone else in his family, and she honestly had very few friends she
wanted to invite into her home.

At least Lucius hadn't been around very much. He was always gone during
the day and only came home at night intermittently, and generally they
were able to avoid each other. Draco was insistent that somehow he was
going to convince Uncle Severus to start up Quiditch again this year,
and was boring her to tears with his endless talk about it. He must have
gotten this annoying habit from Narcissa, because lately she had been
equally dreadful about teaching Hermione the 'feminine arts'. In fact,
about the only time she *had* been let out of the house was when her
foster mother was dragging her to boutiques and salons and clothing
stores, changing up her style of clothes and hair and makeup (which she
had never really had beyond a few tubes of lipstick she rarely used) to
something decidedly more 'sophisticated'.

Hermione liked the new style and had to admit she did look and feel more
adult, but it seemed a too trivial for all the effort spent on it and
very out of character for Narcissa. The woman had always behaved as if
she thought Hermione would be her little girl forever, and all of a
sudden she was talking about her coming into her own and attracting a
husband and starting her professional career. There were vague feelings
of dread that followed after these talks, followed by feelings of guilt.
Narcissa did love her, after all, in her condescending sort of way and
she didn't want to hurt her, but what she wanted for Hermione wasn't
what was actually best for her.

One of her few comforts was preparing for her emancipation. She had
broken down everything she needed to do into several simple lists, and
was eagerly waiting to get started on them. To cheer herself up after a
particularly strenuous visit to the beauty salon, she had closeted
herself in her room and was reviewing her lists of places she wanted to
live (Glasgow was at the top because of the university, but there were
several smaller villages were the term 'beauty salon' would have been
met with a look of confusion by the local residents). It wasn't until
around supper time that she was disturbed from her musings by Dobby
popping up behind her and gave her a terrible fright.

"Oh!" she gasped. "You scared me!"

"Dobby is most sorry, kind mistress!" he cried, and she could already
tell he was winding up to punish himself again if she didn't stop him
quickly.

"That's quite alright. A little scare now and then is good for the
heart," she said, and seriously hoped he wouldn't take that as a hint to
jump out and scare her at random times. "Was there something you needed
to tell me?"

"Yes, yes! Master brought a guest home and both Master and Mistress want
you to meet him. They say he is very important! Oh, and Mistress says
you should wear the peach dress."

Hermione was confused by the request. Narcissa she could see wanting her
to meet someone 'important', but not Lucius. Quite the opposite, in
fact, he tended to keep her out of the way when anyone of significance
visited. The 'peach dress' was also a puzzle. It was one of her new
dresses her foster mother had bought recently, light and elegant and
appropriate for an evening dinner or a garden party. It was also what
Narcissa teasingly described as 'flirty'.

Was this code that she was supposed to flirt with their 'important'
guest?

*They better not get their hopes up*, she thought indignantly. She did,
however, change into her peach dress and let Dobby pin up her a elegant
mess of curls and flowered pins, before heading downstairs. Gigi was
waiting at the bottom of the stairs to point her to the dinning room,
and she was on her own after that.

The dinning room was enchanted to shrink or grow to accommodate however
many or few people were expected to dine there. At the moment it was
small and cozy (in cold and glittery sort of way), and the table was
large enough to accommodate six. The first thing she noticed as she
entered was that everyone else had arrived before her, including Draco,
and they all fell silent as she entered. Never a good sign. The second
thing she noticed was that their guest was someone she vaguely
recognized. He was gangly and unimpressive looking, but he held some
high position in the Court if she recalled. He dealt in foreign affairs
of some sort, although exactly what she couldn't remember. After a
moment of silence, he stood and a smile slid across his face, sly and
sickly and she hated him immediately.

"My, my, Miss Hermione, you have grown into an attractive young woman
since I saw you last. It is indeed a pleasure to have your once company
again."

Well, this was awkward. She had never been praised for being an
attractive 'woman' before, and wasn't entirely sure how she was supposed
to respond. It seemed that while Narcissa's lessons on the 'womanly
arts' were apparently paying off, she had skipped over a few important
lessons. She struggled for a long awkward moment before she could think
of something 'sophisticated and womanly' enough to say.

"You are most kind, sir, and I thank you for the compliment. It seems,
however, that in the time we did indeed share company your name has
slipped my mind."

Okay, that didn't sound so bad. Not that she cared if she impressed this
man or not. She was *not* going to flirt with him. He was probably twice
her age and smarmy as a carriage salesman?

"But of course, I am Lord Bartimus Crouch Jr., Court Head of Foreign
Intelligence. Please call me 'Barty'," he said, taking her hand and
kissing it.

Ah, more important than she had originally thought. She looked to the
other occupants of the room for some indication on how she should treat
his forward behavior. Lucius was looking smug and evil and completely
unhelpful. Narcissa seemed pleased. Draco looked ready to stab the man
with a fork, but that was his typical reaction to most males in his
sister's presence.

"Then a pleasure it is to meet you…again…Barty"

"Take a seat," Lucius said evenly, "We have a very important matter we
wish to discuss with you."

Crouch pulled out a chair for her, and she slid into it. There was no
food yet, but wine had been set for them. She eyed the red liquid
thoughtfully, but decided against it. She needed to think clearly.
Something was obviously going on.

Once they were all seated, Lucius turned to his wife.

"Would you care to do the honors, my dear?"

She nodded, and turned to Hermione.

"We have some very good news for you, darling. I've wanted to tell you
all week, but your father wanted to make sure everything was settled
before we said anything."

Alarm bells were ringing in Hermione's ears, and she tightened her hands
on her chair as she continued to speak.

"You remember those two boys you were betrothed to?"

How could she forget? They were horrid. Egrecius Smault had been her
first betrothal at eight, and he was a nasty, spoiled bully who used to
throw mud and frog guts at her until Draco beat him with his toy broom
and threw him in the pond. Desmond Argonstault had been the second when
she was just short of ten, and he was dull beyond words and would just
stand around and sulk and whine about everything. Neither of them had
lasted more than a year, although dissolving them had been more
political than having to do with lack of compatibility.

Something her displeasure must have shown through because Narcissa
nodded sympathetically.

"Yes, they were completely unsuitable. Far beneath someone of your grace
and education. After Desmond, your father and I decided to wait until
you were older and your natural charms would become more obvious and
attract those of more suitable breeding. It would seem our patience has
finally paid off."

Oh, Merlin, no. No, no, *no…*

No, wait. It was fine. She could end the betrothal as soon as she was
emancipated. He couldn't possibly marry him before then. They would have
to wait until she was seventeen and she would get emancipated long
before then. She just had to stay calm.

"Oh?" she managed.

"Yes," Crouch continued, and she found herself turning to meet his
languid gaze. "A stroke of good fortune on both our parts. I have been
looking for a wife for some time now. A lady of beauty, intelligence,
and character. Such women are so quickly snatched up these days; I
thought to put my bid in a bit earlier than most. I feel most lucky to
have found a witch of your quality at all."

*He's* *lying,* she thought. Narcissa might believe that nurture trumps
nature, but few self-respecting purebloods adhered to that philosophy
despite the Dark Lord's stance on raising muggleborns in the 'proper'
wizarding manner. It didn't matter that she was 'beautiful' or the top
of her class in Hogwarts or a strong personality. Few would ignore her
'dirty blood', and only the lowest born purebloods would chose to ignore
the ridicule they would suffer for tainting their own line in favor of
money or connections, such as in the case of Egrecius and Desmond.

Perhaps it had been different before the war and the pureblood regime
had taken firm control over the social and political arena, but it made
little difference now. Not for her.

"Words escape me. Forgive me, I am overwhelmed."

"It is a bit much to spring on someone," Crouch said, jovially. "Not to
worry, I am certain we will get along splendidly. We have an entire year
to get to know each other, and I am certain familiarity will loosen your
tongue."

"A year? Don't you mean two years," Draco butted in, the first thing he
had said for the entire dinner and he sounded livid. She was glad,
because right now she didn't have it in her to be anything more than
horrified. "She'll only be sixteen next year, and there's still school."

"Draco, mind your tone," Narcissa scolded lightly.

"No need to be so defensive son," Lucius said, his tone holding
considerably more threat than his wife's. "Hermione's true birth date is
Sept. 19, 1979. She is in fact seven months older than is officially
recorded. It was a small matter to change it back to the original date."

She felt her heart drop into her stomach. She hadn't known. Oh, she knew
they had changed her birthday to the day she was adopted, but she hadn't
known the true date and she had never even conceived of a way they could
possibly have used such a simple thing against her until now. This
September she would turn seventeen and be of legal age to marry.

Oh, god.

"As for school," Crouch continued, "Of course, I wouldn't deprive my
wife of a complete education. She'll have the finest tutors money can
buy."

Draco clearly wasn't satisfied with this answer, and seeing his sister
seemed incapable of speaking he shoved on.

"I do not see why he can't wait until she's graduated from Hogwarts.
It's not fair she'll have to miss graduating with all of our friends
before being locked up in some ivory tower."

"Young man, that is entirely uncalled for," the Malfoy patriarch
snapped. "These are adult matters and if you cannot speak as an adult
you will remain silent, and respect our judgment. We know what we're
doing."

"It's alright, Lucius, he is simply concerned for her well-being, like
any brother would be," Crouch said, magnanimously, although from her
position Hermione could see amusement tugging at the corner of his
mouth.

Narcissa gave her son a disappointed look.

"Draco-dear, why can't you be happy for Hermione? This will insure her
future. I know you're very attached to her, but you can't keep her all
to yourself forever. You're being entirely selfish about this."

Draco stared at her as if she had spontaneously transformed into a
Dementor.

"Selfish? *I'm* being selfish? YOU'RE TRYING TO WHORE OUT MY SISTER!"

Hermione laughed, screamed, cried, and choked at the same time so that
only thing that actually came out was soft little note that could have
been mistaken for a hiccup. It didn't matter. No one could hear her over
the shouting that had erupted around the table. Narcissa and Lucius were
shouting at Draco, Draco was shouting at his parents, and Crouch was
half-heartedly requesting that at everyone to calm down.

She just sat there and watched the chaos; laughing, screaming, crying,
and choking in perfectly silent stillness. After a minute or two, when
it became clear that the fighting was not going to stop any time soon,
she slipped away.

"Excuse me; all this excitement has overwhelmed me. I think I must lye
down."

She didn't know if anyone heard, but no one stopped her as she stood up
and left the dinning room. She could still hear the shouting when she
reached the top of the staircase. Once in her room, she locked the door
and slid down to the floor. She stared blankly ahead for a few moments,
working out the tightness in her throat that was choking her until
finally the first sob escaped, followed by another, then another. For
several minutes, she simply sat on the floor and cried fat, messy tears
of fear, frustration, hurt, and self-pity.

What was she doing? Why hadn't she said 'no' while she had the chance?

Because then she would be in the same useless shouting match Draco was
locked in at the moment, no doubt. Already she could think of a dozen
reasons why fighting at the dinner table would have been useless. Lucius
wouldn't have cared; he obviously was doing this as some sort of revenge
scheme. He had already convinced Narcissa that this was a good idea, and
if Hermione objected well then obviously she was just like Draco, acting
childish and selfishly clinging to childhood.

No, that was a lie. Well, no, it was true that arguing would have been
pointless, but the reasons she hadn't argued had nothing to do with
logic and everything to do with the fact she had been caught off guard
by Lucius' little trap and frozen. He was probably down stairs right now
feeling smug and superior over his obvious little victory. No doubt, he
would mock her for her graceless retreat later and torment her with her
impending nuptials.

A spark of anger rose in her. She couldn't immediately stop the tears,
but she could stop feeling sorry for herself. Rising to her feet, she
wiped the tears away angrily and blew her nose.

"You have to stay calm," she told herself. "Think this through. He
changed your birth date. That means *this* September you'll be
seventeen, so you won't even need to get emancipated. You're already a
legal adult…no, no that's not right. You have to complete your schooling
before you can be considered a legal adult… then how can I get married
before then? Maybe you can do that with your guardians' permission?
Whatever, maybe I can just graduate early. Uncle Severus would probably
help me… maybe, but he would have to go against Lucius and then Lucius
might bring in Lord Voldemort and I don't want that. Maybe I can do it
on my own without Severus' help. I can do it. I just need to take the
NEWTS early, and since I don't have any tests sixth year, I should be
able get enough studying in if I quit the paper and Dueling Club. I
should probably do that anyway if I'm not coming back for seventh year.
It would be best to get a replacement for the paper as soon as possible.
Maybe Ron… he could do it…"

Her long, brainstorming rant she was so famous continued in her head,
until eventually it became obvious to her she would need help. She would
be watched like a hawk now that she was to be married to ensure she did
nothing to 'mess it up' as the little farce of a betrothal and she would
someone to be her hands and feet as this was all sorted.

Harry was obvious choice. He had promised already that he would help,
and right now she needed him more than ever. He was the only person she
knew who could in some way stand toe to toe with Lucius. He had Lord
Voldemort's favor, perhaps even more so than Lucius himself, and if
anyone could pull her out of this horrible situation it would be him.

Together, they would find a way.

\~ Page Break\~

"*Petrificus* *cruce afficio!*" Harry shouted, and his opponent
hesitated, no doubt by the words that sounded like a cross between a
body-bind and the Pain Curse, and it was long enough for the spell to
hit. The girl, a seventh year student, stiffened and suddenly stuck both
of her arms out like a scarecrow. She was stuck like that, unable to
bend her limbs or waist, and after a moment she lost her balance and
fell flat on her back.

There were several sympathetic groans and winces from the stands, as
onlookers watched her go down.

"Match goes to Hogwarts!" the referee declared, and the crowd cheered or
booed depending on the school they were supporting. Harry immediately
canceled the spell, and helped his opponent to her feet.

"You okay?"

"Yeah," she coughed, still a bit breathless. "I've never heard that
spell before."

"Amanda Hexly's *Hybridization of Hexes, Curses, and Jinxes.* 1932. It's
a mix of a body-bind and a crucifixion curse."

She smiled. "Thanks. I'll check it out."

They shook hands and went to their separate teams. That had been his
last duel, and he was feeling invigorated after six successes in a row.
His wins had bolstered team morale during the lagging second and third
round of duels, and now they were well on their way to winning their
second competition of the season. Ginny handed him a cup of water, and
directed him to go cheer up a first year who had been struggling with
his last two matches and after a quick pep talk and some couching he was
finally free to relax for a while.

Which he didn't do, of course.

Instead, he went to track down Draco. Hermione was conspicuously absent,
and her brother had been acting strangely, either too distracted and
missing obvious attacks or too aggressive and attacking too violently.
Ron was acting weird too, perhaps for the same reasons, but Harry had a
sneaking suspicion that he was hung over if his the bags under his eyes
and obvious headache were any indication. He had things he needed to
talk about with Ron, but his immediate concern was Hermione.

"Hey," he greeted Draco, sitting next to him on the bench. "Where's
Hermione?"

Not exactly subtle, but there you have it.

The Malfoy heir grimaced, and ran a hand through his hair.

"Mother and father made her stay home to spend some time with her
*fiancé*."

Harry just stared at him. He closed his eyes. He opened them. He pinched
himself. No, he was awake. Dammit.

"Hermione has a fiancé?" he said, evenly, because really he wasn't sure
what sort of reaction he should be having right now.

"She does now," was Draco's rather unhelpful reply. They sat there in
silence for a minute before Harry could think of anything remotely
intelligent to say.

"Who?"

"Lord Bartimus-please call me *Barty-*Crouch Jr. Some stupid-looking
bloke from the Court of Foreign Intelligence. Spy stuff, you know? He's
a fucking asshole. I don't know what my parents are thinking."

"How's Hermione taking it?"

Draco glared at him for asking something so stupid.

"What do you think? Not very bloody well! She won't talk about it with
me and she just sort of stares off into space all the time." Some of
vinegar seemed to drain out of him, and his expression turned tired.
"I'm really worried about her. I've never seen her like this."

Harry put a hand on Draco's shoulder and squeezed.

"Tell you father that I requested to visit. He's been bugging me about
it lately, so hopefully I can come over as soon as tomorrow. Don't
worry. I'm sure together we can snap her out of this funk, and then
figure a way to get her out of it."

He didn't tell Draco that Hermione was probably already working on the
problem now. In all likelihood she was planning to get emancipated
before the wedding ever took place, and was just acting miserable in
order to fool Lucius. If they pretended that this emancipation idea came
about as a way to get out of the marriage, they might be able to pull
Draco into their idea without making him feel as if she had been trying
to get out of being his sister and thus save their relationship.

The sooner they could count him into their plans the better. Draco might
not have the political clout Harry had, but he was better connected and
might know where to find Hermione a potential sponsor.

"Yeah, okay. Thanks," the Malfoy heir conceded glumly.

"Tell me what exactly is going on with this marriage bit," he insisted,
and soon enough Draco was recounting the events of last night's dinner.
Things were worse than Harry had originally thought. They would be
working without a net if they did this, with no cushion of time at the
end of sixth year to get emancipated and get out of the marriage.
Hermione had been intending to have all of it taken care of by then
anyway, but failure had not result in ruining her life.

He wasn't sure of everything that could wrong, but no doubt Hermione had
by now and would tell him the next time they were alone.

Draco wasn't any happier about the situation after he was done telling
Harry all the nasty details, including his own punishment for the hissy
fit he had thrown (it was the first time his father had ever crucio-ed
him and he didn't know if he would ever forgive the man), but he did
seem to take some comfort in the Gryffindor's calm reassurance that they
would make sure nothing bad happened to his sister.

They parted ways so Draco could finish his last match, and Harry did his
rounds with the others duelists, giving encouragement where he thought
it was needed and would be accepted (a few of them still feared and
despised him since his return from Germany). He avoided Ron, who he was
in no mental state to deal with and didn't seem receptive to visitors at
the moment.

From the stands, he could hear and see the occasional camera going off
and fought the instinct to hide behind someone. He had talked briefly
with some reporters before the match and was reminded again why he
generally loathed them. At least they were a cowardly bunch, and his
half-teasing threat to set them on fire if they distracted him or any of
the other duelists during their matches had been heeded. He was starting
to wonder if he was developing a mean streak.

When the competition was over, Gryffindor won 48 to 33. That made their
second win of the season and everyone was feeling enthusiastic about
their chances of reaching the national finals at the end of the summer.
Harry went through the motions of bravado and congratulations with his
teammates, then gave them the usual advice and study references to
prepare for their next competition. He lingered in the dueling hall
after most of them had left and spoke to some of the duelists from the
other team and to people from the audience and to the reporters who
lingered until the very end. One of them was the girl he had defeated
from his last match, who invited him to join her and some of her girl
friends for ice cream. Before he could make up an excuse to get out of
it, Kingsley appeared by his side.

"We should go now if you want to make it before the library closes," he
said. The girl quelled at the sight of dark Sentinel in his full
fighting regalia, who up until that moment had been an invisible shadow
in the stands. He nodded politely. "Sorry to intrude, but we are on a
schedule."

"T-that's alright," she said nervously.

"Sorry. Maybe another time," Harry said, and headed to the locker room
to shower and change. "How did you know I didn't want to go out with
her?"

Kingsley smirked.

"I didn't. But you looked upset by something when you talked to that
Malfoy kid. Aren't you dating his sister?"

"What? No! She's my best friend, not my girlfriend!" he snapped
defensively, but then sighed. "That's sort of what we were talking
about. It turns out she's been betrothed to some Court jerk."

"Yikes, sorry man."

"Don't worry about it," Harry said, although he considered broaching the
topic with him. Kingsley worked with children, so he had to know
something about the emancipation process and sponsoring and maybe even
birth date changes. He would wait to talk to Hermione first though.

He showered and changed, and headed out to the York Public Wizarding
Library which was only half a block down from the Clearwater Magic
Sports Center where the dueling competition had been held. Kingsley
hadn't been lying about the library. Harry really did need to pick up
some materials. The walked was short, but the sidewalk was crowded.
Across the street there was a small hospital, a large hotel, and several
busy restaurants and shops scattered all over the place. Some of the
people recognized Harry on the street, but none dared stop him or get
his way with his bodyguard towering over them and they made it to the
library without incident.

The library was majestically shabby; built upon the premises of grand
architecture, it was temple-like with its soaring ceiling, marble
columns, and arched doorways, but the wooden shelves were slowly
rotting, the marble was cracked, and the glass lamps should have been
replaced a century ago. It gave the entire place a solemn, cathedral
like feeling that Harry found depressing. A woman behind the circulation
desk, who looked disturbingly like Madam Pince, stared at them both
curiously as they entered. He checked his book list for the things he
wanted, mentally added some on marriage law, and got to work.

For all of the library's size, its collection was not as extensively
developed as Hogwarts, and Harry found himself distinctly dissatisfied
with their potions and astronomy selections. He did, however, get a
pleasant surprise when he went in search of some books on animals, and
found an old friend.

"Hagrid!"

The giant man was squished uncomfortably between two rows of shelves,
trying to see books without actually bending over. He looked up and his
smile could be seen clearly even through his wild forest of a beard.

"'Ar-"

"Sshhh!" someone hissed.

They both smiled sheepishly at each other. Harry gestured for Kingsley
to wait outside the stacks and look after his books, and went to join
Hagrid. He cast a Silencing Charm and then Space-Making Charm so that at
least their isle would be large enough to accommodate his large friend
so that he could do more than simply shimmy along from side to side.

"'Arry, fancy meet'n ya 'ere. An excellent bit-o luck," Hagrid said,
giving the young wizard an affectionate hug.

"Most definitely. I just had a dueling competition down the street and
thought I'd get some books for school. What are you doing here?"

"Ah, nothing special. Thought I'd see if they had any books on raising
livestock. Meat's been getting expensive, and Charlie's thinks we should
try raising our own at the sanctuary to save money. Smart guy, Charlie."

Quickly enough they fell into conversation about the dragon sanctuary
where Charlie ran his program to raise orphaned dragonets until they
were large enough to release into the wild. With the war going on, they
had lost a lot of funding, but the need was greater than ever as the
black market price for authentic dragon hide had skyrocketed and many a
mother dragons had been slaughtered to feed the demand. As Harry
predicted, Hagrid went on a big long spiel about the injustice of it
all, and how he was proud of the work he was doing and had never been
happier.

"I owe you a lot for that. If you hadn't recommended me to Charlie in
the first place, none of this would have been possible."

Harry shook his head, and just smiled. "I don't think you owe me
anything, Hagrid. This is the way it was supposed to be. I know the
dragons are lucky to have you on their side."

"Well, then both me an' the dragon's owe ye. If ye ever need someth'n
that I can provide…"

Feeling like Hagrid needed something so he could walk away with a clear
conscious, Harry struggled to find something the other man could
possibly do for him. He couldn't think of anything that would be to his
personal benefit at the moment, so he decided something a bit broader in
interpretation would have to do.

"If you really want to pay me back, and I honestly don't think you need
to, but if you want to, then do me this favor. If you ever find someone
in trouble, help them out, even if you don't think you know what to do.
I think half the problems in the world could just be solved if we didn't
ignore each other's problems because we didn't think we could do
anything about them. Even if you fail at it, at least that person knows
you cared enough to try."

Hagrid considered his words for a moment, rubbing his beard
thoughtfully. Harry could visibly see when the giant man settled into
the idea as his eyes hardened into determination.

"I see yer mean'n. An yeh be make'n a mighty big request. Bigger than I
think yeh realize, but I'm a big fellow so I ain't too worried about
it."

"Thanks, Hagrid."

Kingsley moved into the stacks and their bubble of silence. Wizard and
giant eyed each other suspiciously for a moment, before the Sentinel
spoke.

"They announced the library's closing in fifteen minutes. Better get the
last of what you need and get checked out."

Harry checked his pocket watch and sure enough it was fifteen minutes
until five, and the both of them scurried around in the shelves looking
for what they needed. After checking out their books, Harry and Hagrid
parted ways, not realizing that the promise that had been made would
come into affect that very day in the most dramatic of ways.

Once alone with his bodyguard, Harry was reluctant to return to the
cottage. It was an hour before dinner, and he wanted to enjoy his brief
freedom for as long as he could.

They killed some time at a pet store they had passed on the way to the
library, and Harry picked up some owl treats for Elsbeth and some
molting solution for Inana, who was at the beginning phase of shedding
her skin and highly irritable. A quarter till six and Harry knew it was
time to go. He couldn't think of any excuse left to stick around..

Or so he thought.

As they were walking to the next floo station, Kingsley watching the
crowd for potential danger and Harry thinking about his slowly rising
tide of problems and projects, a sudden and unnatural silence fell. It
wasn't a spell. Sound was traveling unimpeded through the streets and
buildings, but never the less all conversation suddenly ceased in a
moment of unaccountable public premonition. Harry stopped walking, and
instinctively looked to the sky before turning to look around him.
Kingsley was doing the same, and though neither of them saw anything
there was absolute certainty that *something* was happening.

The scars on Harry's palms began to burn[^115-2].

The first explosion took out a small restaurant, disintegrating it into
a cloud of fire and wood. He saw the few men and women eating outside
blown into the street, limbs torn from their bodies in the process and
half consumed in fire. Harry stood, paralyzed, unable to comprehend what
he had just seen while around him men and women and children screamed
and panicked, racing to escape in every direction. Some of them managed
to apparate, but most either lacked the skill or were too affected by
the surrounding chaos to try. He was vaguely aware that people were
running passed him, into him, pushing him backwards and threatening to
topple and then crush him in their haste.

Where was Kingsley?

The second explosion occurred somewhere behind Harry, knocking him and
several others down in the process. Bits and pieces of stone and wood
and who knew what else rained down on them, and the air was suddenly
thick with smoke. Somewhere next to him a child was screaming.

His palms felt like they were on fire.

He was one of the first to scramble to his feet, and likely the first to
see the wizards flying down from the sky. He could barely make out their
Dark Blue uniforms in the thickening smoke.

Italians.

He could see a dozen of them, but there had to have been more. They had
abandoned destroying buildings in favor of cutting down groups of people
in the street, spitting out curses on the panicking masses that had not
yet even seen them. Memories of the Goddess Clan, scattered dead in the
snow interposed upon the scene and he could only watch as he saw not
only the gruesome end result but the even more gruesome process of
slaughter play out before him.

He could not feel his limbs or tongue, and could not lift his wand to
cast a spell. All he could feel was the burning in his hands, the
stinging smoke in his eyes, and his lungs struggling to take in air and
finding none. A panic attack at the worse possible time and his mind
trying to escape the complete horror of it, and he simply stood there.

As if sensing his vulnerability, one of the flying soldiers turned
towards him and aimed his wand.

Still, Harry could not move. Staring helplessly, he could almost see the
spell, bending the light ever so slightly like heat rising off pavement,
streaking towards him. It should have hit him, torn him to pieces, and
killed him, but someone smashed into him, knocking him aside. He landed
heavily with an even heavier body landing on top of him.

"Ugh, fuck, kid. Where's your damn dueler's instinct?" Kingsley groaned,
and rolled off of him. Harry lifted his hand and saw it was soaked in
blood, and turning to the Sentinel he could easily spot the source in
the blooming red stain on his side.

Harry could feel his limbs now. He could feel his legs and his arms. He
could feel his lips and his tongue. His breath still didn't seem to want
to catch the air, but above them he could see the wizard taking aim
again. Harry didn't even bother trying to block.

"*Flumen vipereus vastatio!*" he screamed, and his curse swallowed the
other's like a serpent swallowing its feebler kin and then speared
onward. The wizard tried to dodge, but Harry followed his movement with
his wand and the curse arched to follow him until at last it struck. The
Italian shrieked as his body was consumed in lightening, his body and
robes catching fire before he fell from his broom.

Harry did not watch him fall nor did he wait before he was casting his
second curse. Pointing his wand at the burning rubble that had been a
restaurant, he shouted his incantation and then flung his arm straight
at the largest cluster of attackers. The restaurant exploded a second
time, but now balls of burning rubble launched themselves at the wizards
as if shot from cannon. Three of the soldiers were caught directly, shot
out of the air cleanly, and as the seven remaining began to scatter,
Harry shouted another spell and the flaming balls of wreckage exploded
in midair tearing them to pieces with shrapnel.

People were still screaming in fright, and likely a few had been the
unhappy recipients of falling debris (some of that debris being bodies),
but they had started to rally and were now casting shields to protect
themselves. Harry ignored them in favor of destroying the threat.

He barely managed to throw up his strongest shield in time, and even
then he was thrown off his feet as several powerful curses struck it at
once. He rolled to his feet, slipping on debris and blood, and cast two
more shields to buy him the precious seconds he needed to find his next
targets.

A hundred feet from in front of him, another spell smashed into the
small hospital, collapsing half of it. From inside, people were wailing
and screaming, and Harry felt himself flush with a new wave of anger and
hatred.

"I'LL KILL YOU ALL!"

His palms felt on fire, pulsing with magic that was not entirely his
own, but familiar and welcomed into his very core. He felt it strengthen
him, feeding his magic and his rage. Curses smashed into his shields,
shredding them to pieces, and while he renewed them yet again with his
wand, he lifted his empty left hand towards three wizards and witches
who had spread themselves into a wide arch above him.

"*DOWN!*" And with that, his magic seized hold of their brooms, just as
he had done hundreds of times years before in his innocent days a
quidditch seeker, and commanded them to obey with unrelenting force.
There was no counter spell his attackers could erect against it. It was
a trick unique to Harry and not one that any other had developed a
defense against, and the witches and wizards could only leap or hold on
until the end as their brooms plummet at breakneck speed into the
ground. The result was the same no matter what they did.

Behind him he could hear Kingsley calling for him, telling him to run
away and hide, but he ignored the man. He was here. He could fight. He
wanted to fight. He wanted to kill them for what they had done.

The curses were becoming more complicated and more powerful the longer
Harry's shields held against them, and soon he was being forced to dodge
as well as block, and his aim became worse. Harry tried to identify the
leader amongst the attackers, but they were all little more than
indistinguishable dark blue shadows. He considered finding an intact
broom and taking them on from the air, but unless a broom actually made
itself available (he was certain he smashed or burned all the Italian's
brooms) it was a moot point. It did give him an idea though.

Reaching into his pocket, he pulled two of his shrunken library books at
random. Unable to do what he needed to do and still avoid the attacks,
he ducked into an alleyway between two restaurants, and ran to the next
street over. There was another attack going on here, though not as
heavy, and he shot down two unprepared soldiers as he went, then ducked
down another alley until he reached a street that did not look like it
had yet been touched. Sirens had started to sound across the city, and
even here people were scurrying to find shelter, but in Harry's
traumatized mind he couldn't fathom where they could possibly hide.
Their attackers were unscrupulous and would burn them out of whatever
sanctuary they found. They had to be destroyed completely before anyone
could be safe.

With shaky hands he went to work. Amanda Hexley's book on combining
spells had more theory in it than examples, which Harry had glossed over
in his reading, but which he had a vague understanding of. Right now, he
was feeling powerful enough that whatever he lacked in finesse he could
make up for is sheer magical brute force. His magic running wild inside
of him, waiting for him to channel it into something. Anything, no
matter how impossible.

He returned to the two library books to their original sizes and
immediately started to transfigure them. Pages flew out of their
bindings one sheet after another, too fast to count, and folded
themselves into swifts with sharp w-shaped bodies. Once folded they
floated in the air and pressed tightly together in an ever growing line,
waiting for his command. After all the pages of each book had been
transfigured he found himself with easily over seven hundred paper birds
stretched out for several yards into the alleyway.

Now the difficult part.

He could have commanded the birds individually, a few at a time, or to
move as one massive thing, but what he wanted required far more cunning.
He needed them to act independently, while at the same time working
towards a single goal. This would require the hybridization of both
arimancy and the Imperius curse. Arimancy would guide the paper's
movement and behavior, and the Imperius curse would imprint the focus.

It would likely fail spectacularly, but if it succeeded he could turn
the battle.

He placed his left hand on the origami bird at the front of the line, it
was almost perfectly the length of his hand from its beak to the tips of
its tail, and closed his eyes. His magic flowed through his body and
through his palms, mingling with the familiar foreign magic that
manifested there, and moved into the first paper bird, then to the
second, the third, so on and so forth until it reached each and every
one. In his mind he pictured real swallows, how flew fast and erratic
their flight, beautiful in their unpredictability, strong and certain in
all their movements. He pictured how they swarmed upon flying predators,
fearless and fierce they struck and fled, struck and fled until the
danger was driven from them. He felt the paper birds stir, something
like desire stirring in them, to move and fly and hunt and play.
Animalistic instinct only. They needed something more intelligible than
Harry's mental imagery.

He placed his wand between his spread fingers so that it rested against
the paper birds' chest. He had never used this curse outside the
classroom, but he had been taught and his target was ready and waiting
for instruction.

"Kill them all."

The line of paper exploded into a flock of birds, flitting this way and
that, faster than Harry could follow and yet still avoiding hitting him
or each other. They burst out from the cover of the alleyway and took to
the open hair in a frenzy of flapping paper wings. With in seconds the
alley was empty.

Within second the enemies found his hiding place.

He completely missed the first attack, but it hit high, knocking
shingles from the roof and raining them down on him. He took a few
unfortunate hits to the head and shoulders, but kept his wits enough to
throw up some more shields. There was no second attack, as the two
soldiers who had found him were now fending off the strikes of a new set
of unexpected enemy.

His paper swallows had swarmed them like bees protecting a hive, their
magically strengthened bodies slashing at them with razor sharp wings.
They flung spells blindly to fend them off, and though a few fell the
others were too many and too fast, and finally they tried to flee.

Harry shot them both down with a Lightening Curse before they could
escape.

The birds flew on to find other targets and Harry gave chase after them.

In his pocket, he could feel his watch begin to burn against his thigh,
and let out a small hysterical laugh. He was late for dinner, he
realized. Mrs. Morgan would be worried.

For ten minutes and twelve Italian soldiers, Harry followed his little
army of birds as they hunted down and attacked the enemy. Sometimes they
could kill or incapacitate a soldier all on their own, slashing them to
pieces in midair or causing them to fall from their broom. Sometimes he
would help them, and with increasing frequency random citizens would use
the distraction the birds provided to take out the enemy themselves.
Every attack cost him more birds, however, and soon they dwindled into
minor nuisances and the invaders quickly found the source, and Harry was
once again running and blocking again as dozens of soldiers chased him
through the streets, setting fires and killing randomly as they went.

"*Titubo!*" he shouted, flinging his wand over his shoulder without
bother with the proper movement. He heard one of his pursuers falter and
crash behind him. There was cussing followed by curses, and he crashed
through the side door of a random building to avoid being hit. He found
himself in the backroom of a shoe store and scurried to find an exit
before they attempted to bring the entire thing down on him.

A loud *pop* and Kingsley was suddenly in front of him. Harry was moving
so fast he ran straight into the man's arm. There was another *pop* and
they were in front of the cottage, perfect and whole with birds singing
and flowers blooming thick in the yard. Their momentum had knocked them
both to the ground, but Harry rolled immediately to his feet and spun
around looking for the enemy that was no longer there.

His eyes wide and unbelieving, his mind stunned as if he had just been
dunked in ice water after a walk through the boiling heat of a lava
field. He turned to Kingsley who was slowly struggling to his feet,
gripping his injured side. The man looked terrible. He was barely able
to move and it was a marvel that he had managed to not only find Harry
at all but perform a side-along apparition as well. Still high on his
adrenaline rush, the blood-thirsty Gryffindor felt neither awe nor
concern but intense anger.

"Take me back!" he demanded. "It's not finished yet!"

The Sentinel looked at him as if he were insane.

"They'll burn the city to the ground if I don't stop them! They're
monsters! They have to die!"

"No, Harry," Kingsley wheezed. "The Culties were already starting to
arrive when I finally got you. They'll take care of it. You did enough.
God almighty, you did *more* than enough."

There was a hint of horror in his voice that only fueled Harry's anger.

"You coward! Run and hide if you want, but don't expect the same of me!"

He started to run towards the road, intent on reaching the village floo
and getting back to York. He only made it a few feet, however before he
stumbled. Confused, he turned back to Kingsley who was still trying to
raise his wand and failing miserably.

"What did you do?" he asked.

The Sentinel just blinked at him.

"I didn't do anything."

"I can't feel my hands."

His wand slipped through his numb fingers to the ground, and he lifted
his hands to look at him. The scars on his palms were blacked and the
flesh around them was red and blistered and yet the only thing he felt
was an icy numbness that was slowly spreading up his arms. Soon his arms
lost strength and fell limp to his side.

Anger was soon replaced with fear.

"Kingsley…" he managed weakly, and then slipped into unconsciousness.

\~ Page Break\~

Horace stared at the large patch of blue sky where there had once been a
wall for several minutes. It was a very lovely sky. Lots of bright blue
and just a little bit of fluffy white cloud. A lovely summer sky that he
couldn't be entirely sure was really there or not. It wouldn't be the
first time he had fallen into a memory and not realized it until he was
trying to claw his way through the walls.

The sounds were familiar too. Screaming and fire and curses being cast
about. A soft breeze carried them into his little room, caressing the
bare skin of his face and arms and feet.

Was he dreaming, he wondered? He had been a little while ago, he knew,
but he thought the explosions might have woken him up. Maybe this was a
new dream. A dream within a dream or a memory within a dream or a memory
within a memory. It was all the same these days… nights…years…

As he was sitting there quietly, lost in his unreality, something that
had never happened in his dreams or memories occurred. A little bird
fell through the hole in the wall. It fluttered uselessly on the ground,
attempting to take flight again. The poor thing must have broken its
wing. He should try to help it.

Finally motivated to movement, he slowly pushed himself to his feet and
moved towards it. As he got closer, he realized it was not a real bird,
although it moved just like one. He knelt down and picked it up, and
found it was a little bird made of folded paper. There were words
printed on it and he read a few fragmented sentences, but there was very
little he could make out with all the dark red and brown stains on its
body. Although it moved like a real bird, it didn't struggle in his
hands like one. Instead, it sat there placidly and tilted its paper head
from side to side.

Horace wondered if it could see him, because there was nothing to
indicate it had any eyes. He studied it curiously, and soon found the
reason for its flailing about. Its right wing had been nearly torn off.

"Poor thing," he said, and petted it soothingly. "I'll find someone to
fix you. A little repair spell and you'll be good as new. I would do it
myself, but I don't know where my wand is any more. I think Tom took
it."

He didn't bother trying the door. The door hated him, and never opened
when he wanted it to and never stayed shut against all the bad people
who came in to hurt him. So he headed for the opening in the wall,
forgetting that he thought it wasn't real only moments ago. The bricks
and mortar cut into his hands and feet as he climbed out onto the
street, but he was only vaguely aware of it as he was only vaguely aware
of anything. He knew he must be hurting himself, but surely the paper
bird was more seriously injured than he was.

There were more paper birds outside, but they were all dead or flying
around on their own. There were people too, also dead or flying, but
also running and crouching and making all sorts of ghastly noises. He
stopped beside one man who was hiding behind a bench.

"Can you help me?" he asked.

"Get down, you stupid fool, before they see you!" the man snarled, and
peeked out of his hiding place to make sure no one had.

"Will you fix my bird? I've lost my wand and can't do it myself."

The man just looked at him like he was crazy, and then looked as his
hospital clothes and then behind him at the mess that used to be the
hospital, and realized he really was.

"Oh, Merlin, you're a nutcase," he muttered in disgust. "Go back to the
hospital."

"I don't want to," Horace said stubbornly, and seeing as the man wasn't
going to be any help at all, he walked off to find someone who would. He
tried several different people, but they all either ignored him or ran
away or yelled at him. He didn't remember people being this rude before,
but then again maybe the bad people had stolen those memories. Or maybe
they had stolen all these people's good memories and that's why they
were all cranky.

He tried the library, because librarians were *always* helpful, but it
was locked tight.

"Don't worry. I won't stop until I find someone who will fix you," he
promised his little friend.

He walked for several blocks looking for help, but the once crowded
streets were now deserted and it wasn't until he reached a neighborhood
of cheerily burning houses that he met anyone at all. There were a dozen
or so witches and wizards busily dousing their burning rooftops, but
none of them were likely to stop to help him he decided. There were also
several children standing out in the street, looking morose and nervous,
but they of course didn't have wands either. There was, however, a
somewhat familiar looking giant man who was helping calm several teams
of horses who were moving about skittishly outside of what had probably
once been the neighborhood livery[^115-3]. Perhaps he could help.

"Excuse me, sir."

The man turned to him, and he had the nicest expression of anyone he had
met so far today despite wild facial hair. He thought he might get lucky
this time.

"Yes, lad?"

"Sir, I found this bird and its wing is torn. Will you help me?"

He showed the man the bird, and he stared at it blankly for a long time
and then at Horace.

"Well…I don't know much 'bout paper birds. If it were a real bird, I
might 'ave some advice, but I can't think of none."

"Maybe a repair spell?"

"Sorry, lad, I don't have a wand meself."

Horace felt a wave of despair. Could no one help his little friend? It
shouldn't be that hard. He knew lots of people who could do it! He could
do it himself if he had a wand! Why wasn't anyone helping him? If he
could only remember what had happened to his wand he was certain he
would understand these things.

Hagrid looked at the young man and felt a stirring of pity. He was
obviously not right in the head, and had no idea what was happening. He
must have wandered out of the hospital and gotten lost in the confusion.
He was skinny as a rail with dark circles under his eyes, but the
tenderness with which he treated that charmed piece of paper touched the
half-giant deeply.

He recalled what Harry had asked of him that day in the library. He had
asked him to help someone who was in trouble, even if he didn't know how
to help and at least that person would know someone cared. It became
quite obvious to him that this confused young man needed someone to
care, even if it was just over his silly paper charm.

"Tell you what; as soon as I'm done helping here I'll help you find a
way to fix yer bird. My names Hagrid, by the way. Rubeus Hagrid."

"I'm Horace McGunny."

The young man smiled, happy and relieved, and Hagrid felt he had already
accomplished something important. Harry had been right.

The battle in York was already half over, and the Italians had been
dropping like flies thanks to some rather clever and nasty spell work.
They had already seen some Culties flying over, which meant
reinforcements were on their way to drive out the enemy completely. Once
the danger had passed, he would take Horace back to the hospital and see
to it that he was taken care of. Someone there would probably help fix
the paper bird as well, since it was obviously comforting to him.

That was Hagrid's plan at least, but it didn't turn out as he had hoped.
It was an hour before the all clear siren was sounded, and when he did
take Horace back to the hospital it was to find the entire building had
collapsed. The scene was in chaos as rescue workers magicked away piles
upon endless piles of rubble, digging out the dead and the trapped, and
lining up the injured in the open street for treatment with the rest of
city's injured and dead. Hagrid was loath to bother anyone as they raced
to save and sooth the dying and the injured.

After fifteen minutes of lingering about uselessly, and Horace becoming
increasingly distressed, the half-giant gave up.

"Tell you what, Horace," he said, putting a comforting hand on his young
friend's shoulder. "Why don't I take you home with me? My friend Charlie
can fix up yer bird just fine, and then we can get things sorted out in
the morning. How's that?"

"Is Charlie nice?" Horace asked innocently, because he didn't know very
many nice people except for Hagrid. His parents were nice and his Charms
professor was nice and the lady who sold flowers outside his dorm was
nice, but those were the only ones he could think of and none of them
where there right then.

"Charlie's the nicest fellow I know. Except fer maybe 'Arry Potter. 'E's
a friend of mine too, ya know? Saw him just today," he said proudly, but
then frowned thoughtfully. "'Ope he got out before the fight'n started."

Harry Potter was indeed a nice person, although Horace couldn't remember
how he knew that. If Hagrid thought Harry Potter was nice then this
Charlie person must be too, even if not quite as much.

"Okay."

The giant man grinned and patted him on the back, and though Horace was
tired and hungry and that pat had actually hurt a little, he found
himself smiling back. The bad place with the nasty door and mean people
who stole his memories and put them jars next to the pickled dragon
fetuses and pinned butterflies were gone, and he would never have to see
that mean man who rattled his brain around to see what felt out either.
Now he had a new friend who was nice and had nice friends and liked
animals. Horace liked people more than animals, but lately he had been
thinking about changing his mind.

"Good, lad. Say, do you happen to like dragons?"

\~ Author's Notes\~

​1. Animancy is a completely made up branch of magic. It refers to the
art of making non-living things behave like living things. Think of
Disney's Beauty and the Beast and all that enchanted Tupperware…only
without faces and less singing. Not to be confused with necromancy which
is the art of making dead things behave like living things (not to be
alive just to behave something like it). Zombies without the
brain-eating obsession. :P

​2. In case you forgot, after the Sword of Gryffindor was destroyed,
Harry had a series of scars left on his hand. They are remnants of the
sword's magic imbedded in Harry's own body, and can perform in similar
ways to the sword as well as a warning of danger. Harry's very own
'spidersense'.