# Tales and Wings

"*Fikysher sisk."*

*Enerviate* had nothing on the spell that coursed through Harry, pulling
him from the disjointed dreams he had presumed was his afterlife with
all the magical gravity of necromancy. Panic and the memory of pain had
him flinging out his arms and his magic wildly to defend against the
assailant hovering above him. Gulandri drew back quickly, surprised by
his sudden quickening. He was no sooner distanced, than Harry began
feeling for his wand or some other weapon, searching the folds of the
bedding and the nightstand nearby but coming up empty. The fight
undermined, he tried for flight. Throwing aside the sheets covering him,
he clamored free only to have his legs immediately fail him and send him
tumbling to the floor.

"Careful. You have been sleeping a long time."

Selufiare was suddenly beside him, and he flinched away as she reached
for him, only to calm again as her warm hand touched his. His panic
eased, his thoughts began to organize themselves, and after a moment he
realized she was using a spell and hastily withdrew his hand. Less
disoriented, he looked around cautiously but only recognized the two fae
and was not particularly happy about the discovery. He tried to stand
again, more carefully, and found he could keep his feet even if his head
swam with the effort.

"Where am I?" he asked, his voice hoarse from disuse. "How long...?"

Selufiare made to speak, but Gulandri beat her to it.

"You are in my home... as a guest."

"As your prisoner?" Harry bit out, fear and anger warring in the
presence of the elf that had so quickly and soundly defeated him.

"It is all the same to me."

Harry just stared at him for a moment trying to determine his intent in
bring hing him here after nearly killing him. It was impossible,
however. Gulandri's mind was too alien for him to interpret with so
little information. He would need a little more.

"I'm still human," he noted.

Gulandri tilted his head, a touch of amusement in his voice when he
spoke.

"Are you sure? We could have done *anything* to you as you laid there."

"Father..." his daughter scolded.

"I can barely see you. If you have turned me, by eyesight would have
gotten better..."

The elf snorted.

"I see you are more of a fighter than a thinker, but in this case you
are correct. Now get up. There is something I want to show you."

"My Lord, he is still weak."

"That is fortuitous, else I would have had to bleed him to make him so.
I have no intention of granting this defiant creature his strength."

Harry felt a shiver run down his spine. He believed him, despite his
almost playful tone. More pressing then his own weakness was how
Gulandri intended to take advantage of it. Where was he taking him? What
did he intend to do and why not do it while he lay helpless? Why had he
been saved or rather spared, not only from death but from an
Introduction? And how long could he rely on that mercy? What had become
of the others? Had they too been spared for some later event or was all
hope lost for them?

Too many questions and while he felt a desperate need to know, he could
not bring himself to ask. If he had been alone with Selufiare, he would
have asked freely, but trapped in a room with the fearsome elven lord
left him strangely shy. The scar on his abdomen throbbed in a painful
reminder that he was not someone he wanted to provoke.

Gulandri said something sharply in elvish, and a wooden door at the far
end of the chamber opened to reveal what Harry thought was a pair of
brownies carrying bundles. Brownies were the ancestors of house elves,
and were approximately the same shape and size, but to call them similar
was to suggest a basset hound was like a wolf. They were sharper in
feature, particularly their almond-shaped eyes that looked everywhere
with an intense curiosity rather than the perpetually wounded look of
their artificial kin. The pair that entered wore the livery of servants,
dressed in red and yellow, but there was nothing servile about the way
they shoved their bundles into his arms and quickly marched out.

The bundles turned out to be his boots, his cloak, and gray woolen shirt
he had never seen before. Looking down at himself, he realized he was
not dressed in his own clothes, but simple pair of woolen pants and an
undershirt. Having no reason to disobey, and not wishing to provoke his
'host', he put on the rest of the clothes. It soon occurred to him that
he was being prepared to go outside, and Gulandri had not wanted him to
be strong for the outing, which meant there might be opportunities to
escape if he could keep his wits about it him.

Which was not going to be an easy task, he realized as he spotted the
odd fingerless glove on his left hand. It was black leather and there
were tiny little white beads sown on in patterns he did not recognize.
He suspected it was some sort of ward to bind the sword magic that had
accumulated there. They had thoroughly disarmed him.

"What happened to my other clothes?" he asked idlely, as he slipped on
his boots, surreptitiously searching for any weapons or potions he had
hidden there previously. He found none.

"They were soaked in blood, so I had them auctioned. Wizard's blood is a
valuable commodity here."

Harry's mind blanked at the thought. Whether Gulandri's statement was
amusingly ironic or intrinsically horrifying, he could not rightly say,
but either way there was a hidden threat in it. Now wasn't the time to
understand it. He finished dressing, using the silence afforded him to
to try and think how he wanted to handle the current situation. It was
difficult. His body felt stiff and unwieldy and his mind doubly so. He
was overwhelmed and his brain sluggish and unprepared.

"How long was I..." 'Asleep' was too soft. 'Unconscious' too accusatory.
"...Out of it?"

The elf made a dismissive gesture and headed for the door.

"Even if I told you, it would be meaningless to you. Follow me."

"Where are we going?" he asked, making to follow. He noticed that
Selufiare did not join them, but watched anxiously from her position
beside the bed.

"Are you nothing but questions?"

"How else would I learn?"

Gulandri turned sharply, and Harry drew back swiftly, expecting a blow.

"You will find 'silent observation' to be a superior learning method in
Hausteheim."

Here too was a threat, and even more so the look in the elven lord's
eyes. The Gryffindor in him longed to rise to the challenge, to say
something scathing and provocative. This was not Voldemort, however, and
even there he knew to use his insolence sparingly. He bit his tongue and
looked away, though his pride refused to let him look down. Gulandri
glared at him for a moment, perhaps waiting for some additional sign of
defiance, perhaps even hoping for it, but when nothing came he turned
and gestured once again for Harry to follow him. He did so, but was
stopped by Selufiare touching his arm.

"Do not provoke him," she said beseechingly. "If you must defy him, do
so with stoicism. Anger... hatred... fear... they only encourage him.
Give him nothing and he will have nothing to use against you."

He looked up at her (she was several inches taller than him much to his
chagrin) and her electric blue eyes, and felt the familiar stirrings of
attraction. He was terribly familiar with this feeling. He knew so many
extraordinary girls and women that seemed to demand nothing less than
that from him, but here he knew he could not trust it. 'Enchantress'
held connotations he would be a fool to ignore, particularly in this
place. Nevertheless, he nodded in acknowledgment and tucked her advice
away before turning to follow after her father.

Outside of the chamber, Harry found himself in a long, narrow corridor
that stretched out in either direction. Faerie lights hovered about the
ceiling in unequal distances, as if floating untethered in an invisible
stream of air. The corridor was neatly carved with stone murals and
statues as fine as any wizarding castle, but something about the
confining space and the smell of damp gave him the impression that he
was underground. In a faerie hill, perhaps?

Gulandri moved ahead of him, not looking back, but he needed no
reassurance that Harry would follow him. There were a number of faeries
moving about the hall, primarily servant but also a few guards, watching
him with a hungry suspicion as he passed. It was extremely
uncomfortable, and despite himself, he forced his weakened legs to keep
only a few paces behind the elven lord's long strides. They moved into
another corridor, this one somewhat larger, but now also more crowded
with elves and higher bred fae, possibly having left the boundaries of
Gulandri's private quarters into more public areas. Curious eyes
followed him and more than once he found himself shying away from hands
reaching to touch him. They moved on still further and the number of fae
increased, until the hall grew crowded, and suddenly Harry could barely
move let alone avoid the crush of alien forms around him. The
temperature increased, and with it the smell of strange spices and earth
and wet, rotting leaves. Breathing became difficult, his heart rate
quickened, and he stopped and closed his eyes tightly for a moment to
fight of the waves of dizziness and panic.

*Not here*, he prayed,*not here. I can't do this here.* *Go away. Go
away. Go away.*

The crush of warm bodies suddenly retreated, and when he took his next
breath it was deliciously cool and clean. He opened his eyes and found
himself leaning against a wall, and several startled-looking fae staring
at him. A good several feet away.

A hand grabbed his arm, and he jumped.

"Not as weak as assumed," Gulandri said, suspiciously. Harry didn't know
what he meant. Had he done something? They eyed each other for a moment,
but whatever it was the elf was looking for he must not have found. He
turned away. "Follow."

Harry did so, and a after a few minutes he stepped out into a street and
could look up and see the sky once again bathed in the brilliant pinks
and oranges of twilight. The city... castle... whatever it was was sunk
into the earth in a neat little tube with a road spiraling upwards and
downwards. He had never even *imagined* a place like it could exist, and
he found himself gaping foolishly at his surroundings, looking this way
and that.

*Wait till I tell Hermione about this*...

Thinking of his friend, he immediately came back to his senses. He
needed to think of a way out of this, but unless he suddenly perfected
his animagus form in the next few minutes and flew away, he didn't see
any obvious opportunities. They were still moving. Upwards. Up and out?
Out where? He wanted to ask, but he didn't dare. If the elf disliked
defiance in private it was doubtful he would tolerate it in public. So
he followed quietly behind, struggling to keep up as their path tiled
upwards and he began to feel the beginnings of fatigue and hunger. When
was the last time he ate? How long had he been asleep?

At last they did make it to the top, and there found two mounts waiting
for them. The first was one of the horse-like creatures, now unarmored,
and Gulandri immediately claimed it for himself. The second was a mule,
clearly bred more for carrying than for riding and its reigns were
already tied to the other mount's saddle. There would be no feasible way
to escape on such a creature. He struggled over its back, and then
sighed in relief. His legs were near giving out on him already. He
needed the rest.

Gulandri lead them out of the city walls and into the forest, which was
the first familiar thing Harry had seen. They were then completely
alone. What did the elf intend? Not even now did he dare to ask. He kept
his curiosity to himself, and rested, waiting for the first tangible
opportunity to escape. The opportunity did not present itself for
several hours.

Despite the increasing distance from the faerie settlement, Harry was
unable to construct a plan to get passed Gulandri. He had no weapons, he
was physically weak and half starved, but even if he hadn't been he was
still no match for his captor in hand to hand combat. Running away
wasn't much of an option either, although he wasn't too prideful to
attempt to do so. Even just riding he felt himself tiring, and
occasionally he even found himself nodding off and nearly fell from his
saddle twice. And eventually, he did nod off. He must have because when
he opened his eyes he found the forest had changed.

The sky above was now a clear, starlit sky and the air cold enough to
turn his breath to mist. The young, foreign trees had given way to
familiar oaks and elms and the inherent magic was more muted and of a
different flavor. He blinked, rubbed his eyes, and looked around. He
couldn't see far without his glasses and with it being so dark, but he
was almost certain he was back in Ireland. Was he being taken home?

"You may ask a question now," Gulandri said, causing Harry to jump. They
had not spoken since they left the faerie city.

"Where...

"You may ask *one* question. Make it count."

"... *Why* are we here?"

"There is something I wish to explain to you, and I believe you will be
better able to understand it if I brought you here. Get down, we must
walk the rest of the way."

Sleeping while sitting up was not exactly restful, but Harry did feel a
little less stiff and more clear headed. Carefully, he dismounted and
followed the elf into a grove of willow trees, their bare branches
creating a natural curtain against what lay within. He hesitated a
moment, looking back. If he were quick enough, he could run back and
take Gulandri's mount and ride it away. They were in Ireland, not a
faerie realm now. Eventually, he would come across some form of
civilization, be it muggle or wizarding, and then he would be safe.

"Don't even think it or I'll kill you."

Harry flinched at Gulandri's voice. He believed him. There was no way he
could outrun the elf. Slipping through the curtain of weedy branches, he
found Gulandri creating orbs of faerie lights in his hand and letting
them float around the grove's enclosure. It turned out to be not as
naturally occurring as Harry had assumed. There was a series of stones,
ranging from the size of Harry's fist to as tall as his shoulders,
arranged in a rough circle, each engraved with a rune. The willow trees
themselves were planted in a circle around that. At one end, a low altar
of naturally flat stones stood. At one time it must have been a place of
worship, but it had been abandoned for some time. Moss and weeds and the
accumulative detritus had half buried it and in another hundred years it
would likely disappear altogether.

"Do you recognize this place? Does it feel familiar?" Gulandri asked.

*Should it? And that's two questions you hypocrite.* Harry looked around
for a moment. It struck him as vaguely familiar, but only in a secondary
way. It reminded him of some of the protections circles he had built
with Voldemort and by himself, but he was certain he had never been
there before.

"No. I-"

His eyes spotted something and the words immediately died. Inside the
circle of gray and blackish stones was yet another stone, but this one
was completely different from the others. It was pink for one. Pink,
glittering, and striated with lines of white. It had no business being
there. He doubted there was a single stone native to Ireland that
resembled it, and seeing it drew a memory into his mind he had half
forgotten.

*You'll find a stone that has no business being there.*

"The Numanti Ring," he said, somehow absolutely certain of it.

"So you *do* recognize it?" the elf asked, looking pleased.

"No... I mean. I've never been here, but someone told me about it once.
Probably Voldemort."

"Or Carrigan?"

Harry stiffened.

"Carrigan is dead. He died before I was ever born."

Gulandri made a humming sound, seemingly unconvinced but he did not
contradict him. Harry turned away and moved to the pink stone, pushing
it aside. It was perhaps a bad idea to do this while the elf was
present. He might stop him or take away whatever he found, but now that
the young wizard was there he couldn't pass up the opportunity to
confirm whether the Carrigan he had seen in his limbo was a figment of
his imagination or truly a spirit.

He dug his fingers into the earth and began clawing it aside. After only
a few inches, his fingers touched something metal. Quickly, he dug
deeper, hearing his fingernails scraping against something hollow. It
was a tin box, undecorated and partially rusted. He attempted to open
it, but as mundane as it appeared there was enough magic running through
it to keep it sealed.

"My, my..."

He looked up to see Gulandri looking down at the box through a strange
stone with a circle through it. *Frrykshimini.*He had read of it in
various places, including for a Charms assignment. A surge of resentment
welled up in him, knowing the elf was seeing what was inside before
Harry himself, its rightful owner per its master's decree. He held it
protectively to his chest.

"I doubt a treasure hunt is the reason you brought me here," he said,
hoping to distract him from his scrutiny. Perhaps the elf would let him
keep it. It couldn't open it after all, so there was no way he could use
it again him. Except perhaps to bludgeon him over the head with it.
There was a thought.

Gulandri tucked the stone away.

"No. Do you still claim to have no memory of this place?"

"I have never been here. I was told about the stone."

"And about what is inside the box?"

Harry said nothing. He fought the urge to shake the box and see if he
could guess.

"Since we seem to be ignoring the 'no questions' rule, I would ask you
the same thing. How do you know of this place?"

Gulandri shrugged.

"It is no secret. Carrigan's home was but half a mile from here, and I
was his guest more than once."

"You knew him?" he asked, taken completely by surprise. It had never
occurred to him that *any* human could be safe in the other's company.

"I continue to know him. In fact, I am looking right at him."

Harry automatically looked around, looking for a gravestone perhaps, but
once what was said sunk in he froze. Gulandri was not looking around. He
was looking directly at him.

"No."

"Yes. You are his reincarnation. Do not tell me you did not suspect?"

Harry felt suddenly hollow. No, he had never suspected. Whenever he had
heard the name Carrigan, he had only thought of his association with
Voldemort, Bobby, and to a lesser extent Dumbledore. In his mind, the
druid priest was someone he had wished to have known only because he had
been important to others he did know and respect. That he had seen him
in his soul space had been an honor, but it had never occurred to him
that rather than being haunted he was merely looking into a mirror.

He was such a fool.

"Does Lord Voldemort know?"

Was that why he had attached himself to Harry? Was that the source of
their strange affection? Some preexisting affection for the man he had
once been?

"No. He is as ignorant of it as you apparently were. Which is fortunate
for you."

"What do you mean?"

Gulandri's expression turned thoughtful, although Harry detected
something mocking in it.

"Well, if he had known he might have simply killed you yet again."

Harry blinked.

"Voldemort did not kill Carrigan. One of his followers did so
accidentally. He loved him... probably like a father."

"Considering he killed his father, that really doesn't say much in his
favor. However, I know what you are trying to say. Regardless of his
feelings for Carrigan, he did in fact kill him. He had little choice in
matter. If he didn't kill the man than he would have been killed
himself. It was a matter of self-preservation. I am sure he felt just
*terrible* about it at the time."

Harry was starting to feel dizzy. Voldemort... had killed his own
father? He had killed Carrigan? Had killed Harry himself in a past life?
How was he supposed to feel about that? Should he feel anything at all?
How could he be certain Gulandri was telling him the truth?"

"Why are you telling me this?"

"Again with the questions. If you would be silent, I would have told
you."

"I am listening *now*," he said shortly, too emotionally compromised to
tread cautiously. Gulandri's eyes flashed with anger, and his hand slid
to his sword. Harry glared back at him. *Let him draw his sword*, he
thought recklessly, *he baited me in the first place*. Mentally, he
recoiled. Maybe that was all this was about, simply the elf attempting
to bait Harry into a fight or to trick him. Hadn't Selufiare warned him?
If he reacted with emotion, he would only be giving the elf an excuse to
hurt him or a means to manipulate him. He had to be emotionless or at
least appear to be. He couldn't let himself be provoked.

He closed his eyes and took a deep breath.

"Please," he said, fighting to hide the anger and distrust in his voice
and face. "Explain what it is you want from me."

Gulandri regarded him coolly for a moment, his fingers flexing around
the pommel of his sword as he calculated whether he should draw it or
not. Eventually, he removed his hand and settled it at his side.

"I want you to kill Lord Voldemort."

Harry felt himself tense, but then relax once again. Of course. It was
just a trick. More clever than Dumbledore's had been, which had at least
seemed somewhat honest of intention, but essentially along the same
line. Convince Harry that the Dark Lord would turn on him and turn away
from him before that happened. Well, it hadn't worked on him when he was
fourteen and it certainly wasn't going to work on him *now*.

"You took that more calmly than I expected."

"I am just waiting silently for you to elaborate."

"How that man can tolerate your cheek..." Gulandri took a breath, and
then continued. "It is in your best interest to help me kill the Dark
Lord. You will never have an opportunity more to your favor than when he
comes here to retrieve you."

"You assume that I want to kill the Dark Lord because he killed me in a
past life." *According to*you*.*"That's poor motivation. He's been good
to me in my present one." Sort of.

"He will kill you in this present life just as he did in your previous
one and for exactly the same reason. What do you know of prophecies?"

Harry's experience with prophecies was limited to Fleur's odd Christmas
present[^126-1] and some some uncomfortable assertions by Madam Longbottom
during his brief visit to Dunnan Hill. Such things had never seemed
particularly important to him.

"A little."

"Do you know the Trelawny Prophecy?"

"No."

"Then listen very, very carefully. *The one with the power to vanquish
the Dark Lord approaches... born to those who have thrice defied him,
born as the seventh month dies... and the Dark Lord will know him in war
and mark him as his equal... and one must kill the other... and rule for
a thousand years.[^126-2]* Now then, does that seem to hit a little too close
to home?"

Harry looked away quickly.

He had to or else he was going to laugh in the elf's face and that
wouldn't help his situation at all. He had to play this right, play
along, pretend he believed it. If he could convince Gulandri that they
were in fact allies, that he trusted him and was therefore trustworthy,
then he could find a way out of this mess. He could save himself, and
perhaps the others if they were still alive.

"So you're saying... we're destined to kill each other? That all this
time, destiny's been moving us into position to... murder?"

"Over and over and *over* again it would seem. Reincarnation does have
its downside."

"Then why hasn't he killed me yet?"

"Because he hasn't realized it's about you. It's the date, you see. The
prophesied child is set to be born on July 31st. You were born on Aug.
1st... supposedly. There is really no one left to confirm that one way
or another.He'll figure it out eventually, and when he does... whatever
he may feel for you, he won't die for you."

"I don't see how that should matter to you one way or another. You seem
willing enough to kill me yourself."

"Absolutely. You are are utterly irrelevant to me... except in your
ability to kill the Dark Lord."

"Again, I don't see how that should matter to you either."

There was another moment of silence, and Harry wondered if he hadn't
pushed too far and if something in his voice hadn't revealed his
complete skepticism in the other.

"Because..." Gulandri said, his tone oddly reluctant. "I *need* him to
die. I need him... to take my place."

Harry looked up. The wry humor and the quicksilver temper had both
receded to something more... intent. Something that reminded him
strangely of Voldemort during his more thoughtful periods.

"Faeries... and gods... we are all bound to cycles. Cycles of life and
death and rebirth. These cycles manifest themselves in rather...
interesting ways, however. In the case of the Milesians, it presents
itself in seasonal cycles of rulership. A Dawn King to lead in Spring, a
Noon King to bring Summer, a Twilight King for Autumn, and... a Midnight
King for winter. Each ruler is overthrown by a usurper, leading to the
next season. I overthrew the previous Noon King to become the Twilight
King, and when the time comes I too must be overthrown by a Winter
King."

"By Voldemort."

"Yes. He is the only one worthy of it."

Harry thought it over. If Gulandri was telling the truth, and there was
no reason to believe he was after all the previous lies he had been
spewing forth, he could see now why the Dark Lord would first need to be
killed.

"He's not fae... so you have to kill him and resurrect him as one."

"Precisely. I have no intention of living indefinitely. When the winter
season is due, he will set me free of this life and send me on to a new
one. See how much you learn when you just stop and listen?"

Alright, the game was now set. "... Give me a reason to help you."

Gulandri just looked at him.

"I will cut you in half if you do not."

"And Voldemort will do a hundred times worse if I try and fail. Give me
a reason to risk it."

That brought a vague smile to the other's face.

"Huh. Very well, I will let you go back to your own realm unharmed and
unchanged. You may even take three of your people with you. They can be
your alibis when the wizarding world starts asking questions. Do we have
a deal, Lord Potter?"

"I don't see how I have much of a choice. We have a deal, Lord
Gulandri."

The elf smiled without warmth.

"Then take my hand and let us shake on it like gentleman."

Harry stiffened. He looked into Gulandri's eyes and knew immediately he
had failed. The elf no more believed Harry than Harry believed him. He
jumped to his feet and made a run for it, knowing he was doomed already,
but unwilling to face defeat standing still. The tin box still clutched
in his hands, he made for the mounts.

"*Tupiash je'te!*" the elf called, casting his spell just as he reached
the willows. Limp branches suddenly snapped forward, snaring Harry
around the arms, neck, and chest and lifting him off the ground. He
kicked and struggled and tried to call on his magic to tear free but he
remained dangling helplessly as Gulandri followed after him leisurely.

"Going somewhere, Lord Potter?"

Harry spat out several unflattering things in parseltongue.

"Don't tell me you weren't enjoying our game? I thought you were really
getting into it for a moment there."

"The hell you did! As if I would ever believe that heaping shit pile you
tried to unload on me!"

"A lovely colloquialism, however, inaccurate. Almost everything I said
to you was true, except that part where I want you to kill the Dark
Lord. I am perfectly capable of managing that on my own."

"So what? This is your idea of a*man's* sport?"

The elf favored his sarcasm with a sharp backhand, leaving the young
wizard seeing stars.

"More like a test. I wanted to see how much you knew about Carrigan and
about the prophecy. I'll take your obvious disbelief as a sign of
ignorance. A pity. I should have liked to know the depth of your
devotion, but there is time yet to test it. The Dark Lord is on his way
to Hausteheim now. What would you give me to spare his life?"

"What will you give me to spare yours? He's going to kill you and turn
your city into a tomb!" he sneered. It earned him another backhand to
the other cheek, and this time he spat blood.

"You are no fun at all. If you won't cooperate, we'll just have to play
another game."

Gulandri reach out for him, taking hold of Harry's right rist, just as
he would have if they actually shaken hands. Harry cried out in shock
and pain as foreign magic surged into his body, sinking deeply into the
core of his magic and *pulled* at something.

"I saw through *frrykshimini*that you are a practitioner of the
changeling arts," he said conversationally, as the mortal boy thrashed
and screamed in agony beneath his grip. "That makes what I am about to
do that much simpler... if not necessarily less painful."

Harry was beyond hearing him. His magic curled and twisted unnaturally
in Gulandri's touch, his own innate defenses rising to compensate yet
finding no outlet except to turn inward against his own body. He writhed
and twisted helplessly as his innate form began to shift, reconfiguring
into a new form he had barely begun to experiment with. Bones became
hollow and light, joints suddenly bent the wrong way, fingernails curved
into black talons, feathers replaced skin, green eyes turned gold.

When Gulandri was done, the human boy had disappeared completely and a
peregrine falcon hung limply in his place.

---

It was nearly two in the morning and Snape was still awake, although he
had climbed into bed beside his wife hours ago. Ira was curled peaceably
at his side, her lips and nose lightly touching the edge of his
shoulder, so that he could count her breaths by the rhythmic bursts of
warmth against his bare skin. It was a supremely peaceful feeling, and
he envied her the innocence that allowed her to sleep undisturbed. His
own anxieties would not allow him the same.

Potter had not returned and he had received no word as to his prolonged
absence. A part of him wanted to get out of bed, and head to Bristol to
track down his ward. Another part of him knew the silence was more than
likely a power play on Lucius' part to leave him dangling in ignorance,
his own form of petty revenge for the perceived slight Snape had made
against him in siding with his goddaughter's welfare rather than his old
friend's machinations. If he did go to Bristol and tracked down Harry,
he was likely to find him sound asleep in one of Lucius' townhouses or a
local hotel suite, and his presence would only make for an extremely
awkward and likely terse conversation.

It would be better simply to wait. If he did not return by tomorrow
morning, he would send out Seitler to retrieve him. For now, things were
too strained for them to be left alone in each other's company. Harry
was likely still humiliated by his behavior the night before, and Snape
wasn't feeling any better about his own reaction. His relationship with
Harry was complicated. He had come to accept that a long time ago, when
he had been unable to kill the boy in the tunnel under Berlin. Harry's
own feelings towards him were also complicated, even if Harry himself
was rather a simple person. They had trusted each other, however. Snape
trusted in his odd affection and need for an adult mentor a little more
restrained than the Dark Lord's. Harry trusted in Snape's experience and
self- control

And then Snape had to go and screw it up by panicking and nearly killing
the boy with a blasting hex. He could recall clearly his stunned
expression, the complete and utter disbelief. He had looked so betrayed,
and Snape knew that his feeling was justified. He had never used a spell
against his ward before. Oh, he had cast spells *on* him, but never in
heat of anger or during an argument. Their fights had always been verbal
and physical. Even half-crazed, he should have known Harry would never
have harmed him seriously. It wasn't until later that he remembered
whatever Harry's condition it was not lycanthrosis and not communicable
by bite.

So why had he panicked? Had he been that frightened of the boy?

The terrible truth of the matter was that, yes, he was afraid of him.
Not just in the throes of his moon-madness but every day and in every
moment he feared him. It was a fear that had haunted him since he first
realized he could never willingly free himself of Harry. At the moment
in the Berlin Undeground, when he had his ward's life in his hands and
had chosen not to take it. It had grown as Harry had grown and become
stronger, and more dangerous to Snape himself and just as invincible to
his enmity. How many nights had he lain awake, just like this night, and
wondered if when the moment came, and surely the moment *would* come, if
he would choose his own life or Harry's?

He had made a promise to himself that when it happened he would chose
himself. He kept that promise, and as he had feared, he hated himself
for it. How would he feel if next time he were forced to actually kill
him?

A bell rung, echoing through his quarters, startling him and rousing Ira
from sleep.

"Mmm... whose that?" she said sleepily.

"Probably Seitler informing me Potter's back. Go back to sleep. I'll
take care of it," he said, a bit of relief seeping into his voice as he
climbed out of bed. He kissed the top of her head, earning him a sleepy
smile before she settled back into her pillow. He slipped on his
sleeping robe and headed into the living room. He checked the wards out
of habit before opening his door, and frowned when a familiar but still
unexpected name appeared. He opened it.

"Lucius, what are you doing here?"

*And where is Harry?*

The aristocrat was in the company of one of Seitler's men, but quickly
moved into his quarters and shut the door in the Sentinel's face. Lucius
looked... awful. Worse than Snape had ever seen him outside of the
battlefield or a hospital. He was gaunt, shadowed, and paler than usual.
His normally negligent grace was stilted and sharp. He barely recognized
his old friend.

"I need your help, Severus."

Snape was immediately filled with a terrible dread. Lucius *never* asked
for his help. He had minions for that. Whatever had happened was too
much for him to trust to just anyone. *What have you done, Lucius? Where
is Harry?*

He looked towards his bedroom door where his wife had hopefully drifted
off to sleep already, but cast a silencing charm towards it just in
case. There was no way he was going to drag his wife into what was
happening. He went into the kitchen, and returned a moment later with a
vial of calming drought.

"Drink this, and then explain yourself."

Lucius took the vial and downed it, and Snape becoming even more
alarmed. He hadn't even asked what it was he was drinking. It could have
been veritaserum for all he knew.

"I am in trouble. I made a mistake. A miscalculation. I need your help
to fix it. I can't do it alone. I don't trust myself enough to do it."

"What have you done? Where is Potter? Have you done something to him?"

Lucius let out a strained little laugh, looking at Snape with his overly
wide eyes.

"I haven't killed him and stuffed into my office desk, if that is what
you're concerned about."

*As a matter of fact...*Snape sneered mentally, but kept his expression
calm and serious. After a moment, Lucius buried his face in his hands.

"I'm sorry, Severus," he said, startling the headmaster once again.
Lucius apologized as frequently as he asked for help, which was almost
never. "I know I haven't been fair to you over the last several months.
I... I haven't been myself lately... If I had been thinking clearly,
this never would have happened..."

"Lucius, you are not being clear now. What exactly has happened?"

It took a moment, as his old acquaintance seemed to be having trouble
organizing his thoughts. He started by explaining about his intention to
trick Potter into thinking he had ordered the attack on the werewolf
colony, but how the boy had seen right through it. Then he jumped back,
explaining that he believed he was suffering under the affects of a
curse that was driving him mad (which Snape was all too willing to
believe at this point), and had been tricked by a raven into believing
that only Harry could save him so he needed his alliance. Somewhere in
there was a convoluted explanation about why precisely he had allowed
Harry to go to Ireland against the Dark Lord's orders and the boy had
since disappeared only to be reported by a werewolf that he had been
kidnapped by faeries.

By the end of it, Snape was feeling a touch of madness himself. One that
demanded he wrap his hands around Lucius' neck and wring the life out of
him. He held himself back, however. If what Lucius said was true, he was
mad and could not be held accountable for his unending stupidity.

At least, not until the Dark Lord got a hold of him.

"Have you sent word to Voldemort about this yet?"

The aristocrat jumped to his feet, his alarm at the suggestion
overriding the mental lull of the calming drought.

"NO! No, absolutely not! If he has to fix this, he will kill me for
sure. If I can get Potter back-"

"*If* you can get Potter back... if you do not, he will do more than
just kill you Lucius, he will... I don't know what he'll do to your
family."

The Dark Lord might spare Draco and Hermione out of memory of Harry's
affection for them, but Narcissa would have no such protection. Snape
was becoming increasingly worried about his own wife and himself. He had
been the one to send Harry to Lucius. Part of this was his fault.

Lucius fell silent for a long moment.

"I... I don't know, Severus. I can't trust myself to think this through
rationally. My thoughts seemed sensible a while ago, but then whatever
that raven did started to wear off. I need... I need you to tell me what
to do."

Snape could see it killed Lucius to say that, and he felt a part of
himself soften at the admission. As long as he had known the Malfoy
patriarch, he had admired and despised his absolute confidence in
himself; his seemingly effortless competence in all situations. It had
brought the man through a war and landed him at Voldemort's right hand,
and in a way it had also helped to pull Snape himself up through the
ranks. Lucius had always had confidence in himself and that inspired
confidence in others. He had also had confidence in Snape and the result
had had a similar if more mild affect. Much of what the headmaster had
planned for his own family was modeled after what he had observed of
Malfoy's; the pride, prestige, and dignity they wore about themselves at
all times, separating themselves from the mundane and baseness of
society was something that he wanted for himself and his offspring. If
not for the many instances of hypocrisy he had witnessed in his friend,
he would have been driven mad with jealousy.

"Very well," Snape said, "I will see if I can't figure out something to
save both you and Potter. We will need to send word to the Dark Lord."

"But-"

"If he finds out you hid this from him, there will be no saving you
Lucius. If... if enough people know you only acted as a result of being
under the influence of a curse, than the blame can be waylaid onto
another. I can't promise you won't be punished Lucius, you've made too
many mistakes already, but we may be able to save your life and your
dignity."

*Although not necessarily your influence.*

"But if he's the source of the curse..."

"Highly unlikely, Lucius," he said sharply, "And even if he were you
must never let on that you think so. Let him find a scapegoat, so long
as it is not yourself."

After a moment, the aristocrat nodded.

"What about Potter?"

"We should make an attempt to find him, at least. There is no telling
how long it will take for word to reach Lord Voldemort, and if we do
nothing he would be even angrier. Do you have anyway of finding Potter?"

"Yes. Maybe. I sent the raven to rescue the boy... maybe he will
succeed, but just in case I put a tracking spell on the ring I gave him.
If he did go to the faerie realm, we will be able to follow him."

That was perhaps the first evidence of clear thinking Lucius had
displayed, with the exception of coming to Snape of course.

"Good. Let me get some supplies and we'll go."

"What about the faeries? They took out an entire squad, including a
Sentinel and Potter himself."

"Don't concern yourself, Lucius. I have my ways of dealing with fae."

He left his friend in the living room and went to the bedroom to get
dressed, and think out his plan. Ira was asleep. As he garbed his battle
robes, he watched her and felt not for the first time how much loved
her. He loved her so much, and yet he couldn't stay with her, crawl back
into their bed and let Lucius and Harry find their way out of this
themselves. Second to Ira, they were the closest things to friends he
had ever had.

He wrote her a brief note explaining he had gone out to resolve and
argument between Potter and Malfoy and would be back by Sunday afternoon
and left it on his pillow, then made a brief stop to his private potions
lab before leaving the castle with Lucius. As they traveled, Severus
pried as much information out of Lucius as he could, unraveling a tale
of conspiracy and self-destruction, but a part of his mind remained
fixed on thoughts of Harry himself.

Was the boy alive? Was he still human? Would the prophecy, if it had any
credence to begin with, hold true in the faerie realms? Would this
careless, unforeseen act be the impetus that set the prophecy in motion?
Or would this be yet another strange adventure in the life of Harry
Potter, one he would walk out of a little stronger and a little stranger
than when he had walked in? If he did so, what would be the outcome for
Lucius and himself, untouched and unprotected by destiny's hand?

There was only one way to find out.

---

The world had shrunk into a sphere of black water , damp silvery air, a
boat, a hobgoblin, and the Dark Lord himself. And mermaids. Most of
Voldemort's attention appeared to be spared for the mermaids, their
golden fins and flowing yellow hair undulating gracefully just beneath
the water made for a calming sight even if their constant circling
around the fragile craft hinted at a sinister intent. The mermaids were
a fairer breed than those found in the lake below Hogwarts, whom nature
had gifted with a sort of ugliness to avoid the attention of the
wizarding folk they lived in proximity to. These mermaids, however, were
ocean faring sirens whose song and beauty lured unwary sailors to their
death and then would disappear not to be seen for decades or even
centuries in the same place.

Every so often one would dare lift her head to the surface and let out a
few crooning notes, attempting to gain his attention, but drawing no
nearer than a few feet from the edge of the boat. Part of this Voldemort
knew was some magical protection placed on the craft, but a larger part
was no doubt do to the wretched creature that was acted as his guide
through gloom.

"Eehehe!" Todd-All-Alone crowed in delight when his long narrow pole
tapped against a mermaid that had inadvertently drifted too near. She
let out an agonized shriek and flailed violently, bringing up foaming
white water streaked with red, before disappearing completely into the
depths. "Eehehe! Thata one wasa wiggla!"

Several of the ichthyied females hissed angrily, furthering his cackling
amusement. The Dark Lord did not speak or move. Not even his expression
changed, though his crimson eyes turned their indifferent gaze from the
empty water to Harry's wand laying in his hand. Another mermaid rose up
from the depths, this one older than the others, although still lovely
with black hair and black eyes focused intently on the Dark Lord's
ungloved hand resting over the edge of the boat.

"Oi! Wotcher there! Go'ins to lose a couple of spare parts, yeah?" Todd
warned. Voldemort's gaze glided from the wand to the black eyed mermaid,
who was now mere inches from his hand. They regarded each other for a
moment, and then Voldemort turned his attention back to his wand, not
bothering to move.

Todd did not consider himself a very proud fellow, and most who knew him
felt that was good because there was little for the noxious creature to
be proud of. However, if there was one place he felt he deserved some
modicum of respect it was on the water. Who knew these water ways better
than he? Who knew its dangers like the back of their hand? Certainly not
this child tyrant, so arrogant in his ignorance, so apathetic to his own
approaching demise. He was just like any other mortal fool, following
after yet another fool to his death, like little duckies all in a row.
Quack, quack, quack.

"I am not going to die."

Todd gave a start, nearly dropping his pole. Had he said that aloud?

"Did Gulandri himself not promise me the full extent of his hospitality?
Or has faerie decorum failed completely during his reign?"he said,
without looking away from the sliver of polished wood in his hand.

The fae let out an angry hiss at the implied insult. A faerie's word was
sacred, and to have a species so renown for their ability to lie
boldfaced and shameless furthered his annoyance. This was the first
human he had encountered up close *and*conscious, and he had believed it
would be a novel amusement but it was quickly descending into a test of
patience he didn't have.

"Whadda ya know 'bout it? Whadda ya know bout nothing? Ya ain't nothing
but a ignerent, baby-faced rascal. Looky 'ere, climb'n into my boat,
bold as ya please. Think you go'n to market? Yeah? Think ya I be yer
servant? I'm yer ferryman, mortal. I'm ferrying ya ta the underworld.
Whatcha thing of that?"

Voldemort's crimson eyes finally turned to him. Todd drew back slightly,
caught off guard. He hadn't expected the mortal's gaze to be quite so
unsettling. He's had banshees glare at him with more warmth.

"And were you my protege's 'ferryman'? Did you row him to his death?"

Todd puffed his chest, putting on a display of bravado that wasn't
fooling anyone, not even the mermaids whose frustrated expressions had
smoothed into one of vindictive enjoyment. They might not understand the
words spoken, but they knew *something* was happening.

"What if I did? Whatcha gonna do 'bout it? Kill me? Then wot? Ya think'n
you canz find yer way on yer own? Ha! Yer be going in circles til the
magic fails and the pretty fishes come and eat ya! You ain't in your
kingdom no more, yer Highness! This 'ere is Todd-All-Alone's castle. Ya
do what *I* say or else! Yeah?"

Voldemort fell very quiet, looking away from Todd and back out at the
water. The black-eyed mermaid had reached his hand, and staring directly
at him, kissed the very tips of his fingers. The silence dragged on, the
Dark Lord still refusing to look at the other creature, and Todd felt a
swell of pride at having bested the man and couldn't pass up the
opportunity to gloat.

"Oi! Wot this? Ya gunna cry now? Pop a few salties? Go riighta head!" he
laughed.

Voldemort's grip on Harry's wand suddenly tightened and he pointed it at
the changeling.

"*Levi corpus*."

The changeling shrieked as he suddenly found himself pulled from his
feet to dangle helplessly in the air by his ankle. He dropped his pole
and it fell in the water and quickly drifted away. The mermaids, almost
half a dozen all rose to the surface to point and laugh and clap their
hands in childish glee.

"OI OI OI! Put me down!"

Voldemort's expression hadn't changed, and still remained aloof as he
slowly moved Harry's wand so that Todd was suddenly hovering over the
water rather than the boat. The mermaids swam beneath him, and reached
up for him like children after a toy held just out of reach. All except
the black-eyed female, who continued to nuzzle the Dark Lord's hand and
watched him intently.

"Are you sure you want me to put you down?" Voldemort asked. "They look
hungry."

"Wait! No, don't put me down! No! Please, please!"

"You know, Harry's wand shares a similar core to my own, and that makes
it a little easier for me to use, but is by no means natural. If find I
am starting to tire keeping you like this. I don't believe it is worth
the effort to do so."

He let him dip a little lower, just enough for a set of fingernails to
graze his fuzzy head and tear several strands free. The changeling
wailed and screamed as if he were already being torn apart. Voldemort
lifted him a few inches higher.

"Unless of course you have something to say to make it worth my effort."

"ANYTHING! ANYTHING!"

"Is Harry Potter still alive? Is he still human?"

"YA! YA! Definitely! Er... maybe."

He let him dip again.

"AH! 'E WAS WHEN I LAST SAW 'IM!"

Lift.

"So Gulandri does intend to wait for me before he Introduces him? What
was his condition when you saw him?"

"Sleeping! 'E was sleeping... 'eeling I thunk. They kept 'im in the
lady's room! I dunno why. All da others were in da Cellar."

"Others? What others?"

Todd told him, blubbering heavily, about the other witches and wizards
that had been brought in from the hunt and placed in dungeons. This left
Voldemort rather confused. He had assumed Harry had some how been lured
out of Hogwarts, possibly a result of the strange happening Snape had
hinted at in his last message, and taken from the Forbidden Forest.
However, if what changeling was saying were true, Harry hadn't wandered
off again but been under the escort of at least a dozen trained
soldiers. He could not even begin to imagine how this had come to pass,
but someone was going to suffer dearly for it. Certainly the soldiers
themselves, those who survived anyway, would face the consequences of
failing so spectacularly at protecting his protege.

"What does Gulandri intend to do once I arrive? What is his game? His
trick?"

"Eyes dunno! 'Ow could I know? 'E is king and eyes just a ferryman!"

"But you were sent to escort me. Where? What was to happen once I
arrived?"

Todd fell very quiet, and his eyes grew exceptionally wide. Voldemort
could, theoretically, legilimens a fae, but in this instance it seemed
wholly unnecessary. It was obvious there had been some sort of ambush or
trap waiting for him, guised perhaps as a welcoming party or something
equally harmless so as not to break the promise of hospitality, but with
the intent of disarming and ensnaring him. He leaned back in his boat
and considered his options.

He could not allow himself to be taken by surprise or allow himself to
be called into the dance Gulandri was setting him up to perform. He
would need to keep the elf and all his people unbalanced and off guard
if he intended to thwart their plans. Easier said than done. Todd had
been planted with the sole purpose of delivering him into some sort of
trap, the first step to throwing off the Dark Elf's game was evading it.
The changeling had been right though, he was the ferryman and the only
one who knew where they were going and how to get there. He needed him.
Threatening him with a painful demise might be enough to make him lead
Voldemort to some safe harbor near where he needed to be, but it might
not either. As cowardly a creature as it was, he was bound by magic to
fealty towards his king and that wasn't something easily over-ridden.

A sharp nip to his thumb drew him from his thoughts to the strangely
affectionate creature swimming beside him. Frustrated and short
tempered, he nearly back-handed her for the minor infraction, but when
he caught her dark gaze he stopped. They stared at each for a long
moment. Then they smiled.

She stuck her thumb in her mouth and bit, and pulled the now bloodied
digit out and pressed it to Voldemort's own, mixing their blood.

"A promise then," he said. She nodded. He turned to Todd. "And a rather
unfortunate one for you, I am afraid.

"Wot? Whadda ya- AAAHHH!"

Voldemort let him drop, falling straight into the savage hands of the
mermaids who quickly dragged him below the water and disappeared. The
silence was a balm to his twisted soul. He breathed the cold, wet air
deeply, let it burn inside his lungs, and released it. That was one
small battle won. He looked back at his new ally. Unlike Todd, she was
not of Gulandri's court and held no fealty to him. She held no real
affection for Voldemort himself either, but she did owe him a boon for
helping her avenge her wounded kin.

"What is your name?"

She just smiled and shook her head. He probably would have been unable
to pronounce it anyway. The only reason they had been able to understand
each other at all was that legilimency did not truly involve language.
It involved understanding the other, because they understood themselves
and their own meaning. A useful tool for diplomacy in delicate
situations he had found.

Using Harry's wand, because there was something strangely enigmatic
about using a wand so similar to his own and yet simultaneously
resistant, he summoned a length of rope, securing one end to the bow of
the boat and tossing the other end to the mermaid, who took it and began
pulling the boat along behind her at a far more impressive speed than
the ferryman's sedate pace.

Todd had been mistaken in his belief that he was the most knowledgeable
of the faes to navigate the waters between the innumerable realms.
Mermaids were more knowledgeable by far, and infinitely more cunning.
She would find him a safe shore to deposit him, more quickly and
secretively than the changeling could have done even if he had tried. He
would use this to the greatest advantage possible.

Until then, however, he was stuck doing exactly what he had been doing
before he had disposed of his previous guide. Trying to figure out what
the hell had happened and what did it mean?

Although Todd had insisted that Harry was alive and human when he left,
he hadn't seemed as certain that was still the case. Voldemort was not
as concerned about Harry's survival (the gods must have had a future in
mind for him given his continued survival thus far) as he was about his
humanity, which was not as valued by the cosmic forces that organized
the universe. What if he arrived too late to save Harry from being
turned as Gulandri intended? Wasn't it possible that the Dark Elf
intended to make him break their hospitality agreement by enraging
Voldemort to the point of recklessness? It was a widely known fact, even
to himself, that he was unhealthily possessive of his protege and would
tear apart any enemy that threatened to take him away.

Somehow he doubted the fates would protect Harry from exchanging one
pagan form to another, not even to satisfy the Dark Lord. What would he
do then?

Kill Gulandri, of course, although he intended to do so regardless of
the circumstances.

But what of Harry? What form would he take? Would he remember Voldemort
at all? Did it even matter? He would take the boy with him, but then
what? His mind presented a thousand different scenarios; ones where he
continued to pass Harry off as human to continue the role Voldemort had
intended for him, ones where he hid the boy away from the public eye in
some private sanctuary for the rest of his seemingly endless days,
others were he set the boy on Gulandri's throne, his own puppet king. He
quickly had to dismiss them all completely. There was no telling what
state he would find Harry in and there was no point in planning for the
future until he could assess the boy's condition.

There was nothing to look at with the dense fog around them, and now
even the mermaids had seemingly disappeared. He busied his thoughts by
taking an inventory of his mental armory; spells and battle techniques
he might need in the coming confrontation. When he felt sufficiently
prepared, he spared a thought to Bellatrix and the soldiers he had left
without so much as a word along the shores of Bostalsee.

---

Bobby flew hard and he flew high, ignoring the burn on his wing muscles
after such long periods of relative disuse. When he passed over fields
and forests the sky glittered with stars. When he passed over cities,
the streets created their own beautiful constellations. Magic flowed
over and through him, his own and that of a world he had been too long
parted from. He felt it tugging at him, luring him to travel to strange
and distant places, realms that lay between and below and beyond the
present one.

Freedom.

He had just given up hope and then *BAM!* There it was, and if he
weren't so elated he would have felt resentful of the trick. But it was
hard to hold a grudge at the moment. The only thing tempering his
enthusiasm was the understanding that Harry had once again gotten
himself into trouble and he himself had Lucius' ring weighted around his
ankle. Both were driving him towards Hausteheim, a faeries realm he had
crossed enough times to be knowledgeable of and not enough to be
comfortable with.

Getting there had been simple enough. Flying between two halves of an
elm split by lightening, crossing under a stone bridge three times, and
a somewhat awkward shuffled through a badger's hole had brought him out
into an ancient faerie graveyard, overgrown with red leaved vines and
intangible spirits that hid in the long shadows left by the perpetually
setting sun. Crows cawed at him jealously as he made his appearance and
joined them for a moment in one of the nearby trees, gathering his sense
of direction.

Hausteheim had three major settlements; Algor Sur, built from a dwarven
Mithral quary, Messetel, made of hundreds of tiny island set on a
shallow lake, and Ruknocuranti, composed of special trees that grew into
naturally occurring shelters. It was possible Harry had been taken to
any of these places, but his gut told him he would be taken to Algor
Sur, the current capitol and home of the realm's young Autumn King.
Aside from that, he couldn't be certain what he would find. Who had the
boy? What state was he in?

"Excuse me," he said, addressing the crows glaring at him. "Have any of
you heard of a young wizard brought here recently?"

He received no response. He had hoped perhaps there was a changeling
among them willing to gossip, but it would seem he would have to look
elsewhere. Taking to the air, he headed west towards Algor Sur.
Hopefully, he would be able to gather a little more information before
he arrived, but he would have to be cautious. He was not a true faerie
himself, which made him just as valuable of a commodity as any wizard
and just as likely to be taken against his will.

He did not meet any fae along the way, but when he finally reached the
settlement he found information he needed without have to ask. Harry and
his protectors had only been brought in a few days before and the
peoples in the market place where still gossiping heavily about it.
Bobby perched himself amongst a number of other ravens and pigeons along
the edge of roofs and along the ropes and rigging that held up the tents
and stalls, listening intently and piecing together what had happened
and learned about what was being planned for his troublesome friend. The
most helpful conversation he stumbled upon by far was one between two
dwarven sisters and a goblin cloth merchant.

"I need *blue* cloth, not red. Red won't suit her at all!" a dwarven
wench demanded, shaking her large fist at the cloth merchant, a goblin
of some kind, who regarded her coolly over the edge of his large nose.

"I don't know how you can say so. There's no telling what she will look
like...*after.*Red might suit her just fine,"he pointed out. Her sister
rolled her eyes.

"You can't even know if you'll get any of them, let alone the one you
want. You've never managed to get one before. You've always been
outbid."

"Oh, hush! There were never as many before. The competition won't be
nearly as fierce, just you watch. I'll get the dark haired lass, you
mark me, and she make the prettiest dwarf in town once I put a little
meat on her."

"As far as that goes," the goblin muttered, his view of dwarven
aestheticism rather dim.

"How do you even know there's going to be an auction for them? The king
seemed more interested in using them as bait for the God Eater than
turning a profit."

"Pish-posh. He only needs the little one for that! A pretty face, even
if he's little more than a walking skeleton," she giggled a bit, her
fleshy cheek dimpling in amusement. "But I guess humans and elves like
that sort of thing. I heard he already promised the boy to his
daughter."

"She's a naga, not an elf," the goblin corrected.

"Half-elf," she snapped right back.

"Promised? As in he's going to marry them?" the second dwarf gasped.

"Of course not, you ninny! He gave him to her as a gift. My Murkwort
said that his best friend's sister's fiance heard from one of the
kitchen boys that he can speak the snake tongue."

"No? Really?" came yet another scandalized reply. "If I was that girl's
parent I would think a little harder about leaving her alone with
someone who can say anything to without you knowing. He's handsome
enough by human standards, isn't he?"

"Get your mind out of the cesspit! Princes Selufiare is a lady! She
don't deserve any of that sort of talk."

Bobby flew away, gliding further down into the city towards the royal
quarters. If what the woman had said were true, then Harry was likely
being held in either the dungeons or in one of the private quarters near
the princess. This was problematic. One, because that increased
security, and two, because if he happened upon Gulandri, he would be
recognized immediately and his chances of success would drop
considerably. To make matters worse, Voldemort was theoretically on this
way there, and when he arrived whatever trap had been set for him would
be sprung. There would be fighting, and Harry would more than likely be
caught somewhere in the crossfire, and history may repeat his brother's
fate a second time.

He would have to diffuse the situation quickly and subtly.

On the bright side, if he was in Selufiare's care Bobby had a much
better chance of doing just that. She did not know him, and although he
knew little about her, he knew she favored her naga ancestry and they
tended to be sensitive and less prone to suspicion. He thought for
several moments on how he might be able to take advantage of that, with
minimal risk to himself.

It occurred to him quickly that there was nothing he could do that
wouldn't be risky for himself, and he flew towards the entrance of the
royal quarters. He was spotted almost immediately.

"You! Halt right there!" a elven guard demanded, drawing the attention
of the dozens of other creatures in the tunnel with them. Bobby
obediently stopped and landed himself on the shoulder of a statue along
the wall.

"Yes? Is something the matter?" he asked the elf innocently. The elf,
white as snow except for the blue in his lips and eyes, marched towards
him, forcing servants and visitors to leap out of his way.

"Who are you? What are you doing here?"

"Oh, excuse me. Allow me to introduce myself. I am Bobbitimus Carrigan
the III, messenger and herald of the divine Raecellos. I come bearing a
gift to her majesty, Princess Selufiare, congratulating the acquisition
of her own convert," he said, ingratiatingly, waving his ringed foot to
show off the supposed 'gift' he was bringing. "These things are
milestones in a woman's life, you know."

This was very true. Acquiring a human inducted into the life of a fae
was very much like adoption for faeries. For some, they would be the
only children they would ever have for themselves. The elf guard
frowned, uncertain.

"What would a god care for such a thing?"

"Oh, no! No, no, no! I didn't mean *Raecellos* had sent me. I am merely
doing a favor for another of his followers who happens to be an admirer
of her ladyship."

"Who?"

Here Bobby tried to look sheepish.

"Oh...ah... I am afraid I can't say. It is... a private matter between
her ladyship and the prince... ah! I mean gentleman."

Now it was the elf's turn to look uncomfortable. It was not a guard's
place to interfere with the clandestine affairs of their employers,
particularly when those employers were royalty. Their romantic partners
had the tendency to create serious problems, but even more so were the
attempts of outsiders to disrupt them. Wars and suicides were
unfortunately common among the various faerie clans for just this sort
of thing. At the same time, it *was* their responsibility to make sure
their masters were safe, and it was just as common for an enemy to take
advantage of the relaxation of security measures to cause all sorts of
mischief.

"How can I know your intentions?"

"Oh, let him through, Veneri! The princess can handle herself!" a
brownie laughed as he ran by carrying a basket of laundry.

"Mind your own business, Caskel!" he hissed, but the creature had
already disappeared. Bobby acted as if there hadn't been interrupted.

"Your diligence to your duty does you credit, sir. I swear on my magic
and my life that I have not come to bring any harm to Princess Selufiare
or her family."

"You are not a faerie, your oath does not bind you," the elf observed,
and now that he had said it, he stare turned suddenly covetous. The
raven had to think quickly or he was going to find himself a prisoner
yet again.

"Very true. Very well, I swear upon Raecellos' favor that I have not
come to bring any harm to Princess Selufiare or her family. There. If I
break my word I shall be cursed by my patron god, insuring a fate worse
than death!"

The guard nodded, finding such an oath sufficient. It never occurred to
him that the raven might have been lying about Raecellos being his
patron god. Claiming the favor of a god falsely was a terrible sin, and
just as likely to result in a curse as Bobby's oath had been if broken.

"Very well. Wait here, and I will ask the princess if she will see you
or no."

So Bobby waited, pretending to be confident and carefree, even as he
felt many eyes upon him and was keenly aware that inside the tunneled
city he had very little space to maneuver. Luckily, he did not have to
wait long before Veneri returned.

"She will see you. Come with me," he said, extending his arm towards the
raven. Bobby took advantage of the offered protection and hopped down
onto it. He was led deeper into the tunnels, where the number of fae
quickly diminished, and he was able to concentrate on the feeling of the
place and the lay out of its tunnels. Most importantly, he was became
aware of the fresh air circulating even this deeply and how the candles
flickered from a draft that did not originate from the direction they
had come from. That meant there were ventilation shafts nearby. These
probably wouldn't prove useful to Harry as a means of escape, but for
Bobby they might prove invaluable.

He was brought to an ornately carved door, which the guard knocked upon
and was bade to enter. Inside, he found a lavish chamber fit for a
faerie princess and a faerie princess fit for such a lavish chamber. He
was momentarily struck by her loveliness, particularly her electric blue
eyes which rested on him with gentle compassion. His attention, however,
was soon drawn to the other denizen of the room. A young falcon, not
quite grown into its full adult feathers, was tethered a stand and
looking miserable and exhausted. It did not immediately look towards him
when he was brought into the room, but once he spoke it turned and gazed
at him intently. Bobby wondered if perhaps it was hungry.

"Your highness," Bobby said, making an elegant bow with his wings
extended. "Thank you for agreeing to see me. I understand these are busy
days for you and your family."

"It is kind of you to say so, but my days are for my own leisure. My
father's amusements are of differing tastes than my own. Make yourself
comfortable, stranger. Would you care for some refreshment?"

"A bowl of untouched water would be lovely. I have traveled far."

"Of course." She gestured for Veneri to go, and he bowed respectfully as
he left to have some other servant fetch some water. "Now tell me, Sir
Raven, what business brings you to my door at such risk to yourself?
Surely not some other man's amorous attentions as you told the guard."

Bobby blinked in surprise. Her expression turned from compassionate to
condescension with a mere tilt of her head.

"I know the word 'princess' conjures the image of a beautiful, kind, and
*naïve* girl in the mortal realm, but please do me the courtesy of not
assuming I am a complete fool. Raecellos is the patron of adventuring
youth; not timid, lovesick princes, and your presence so close to the
Introduction Ceremony means you traveled from either the mortal world or
our neighboring kingdom, Vandeheim, which has no unwed princes to speak
of. Now tell me, did Lord Voldemort send you?"

Bobby just stared at her in wide-eyed shock. Well, wasn't this a
surprise? He should have known better than to underestimate a woman he
had never even met, but he had not anticipated his ruse being torn apart
so easily and so quickly. He was a little lost about what to do now. He
was trapped in the room with her, and while he had some innate magic,
she was a fully trained enchantress with a wand.

The falcon on its perch let out a distressed cry, and flapped its wings
weakly trying to pull himself free. Selufiare rose and went to him,
murmuring softly in parseltongue. Bobby gave another start. That was
Harry? Oh Goddess.

The naga spoke in comforting tones, stroking the falcon's breast gently
until at last he seemed to calm.

"What have you done to him?" Bobby demanded, horrified.

She gave him a sad glance.

"A poor jest on my father's part. It is not permanent, and if the young
man had more practice and more strength, he could doubtlessly return to
his true form. It is, perhaps, better that he conserve his strength for
his escape."

"Escape? I don't understand. You *want* him to escape?"

"Does that surprise you so much? It is the instinct of faeries to take
mortals, particularly those who have lost their love of the Earth and
all her many forms, but Harry is no lost soul and I am not bound by base
instinct. Even I can understand what is being done to him is wrong."

A thrill of excitement ran through the raven's body. If this formidable
lady was on their side, than they were nearly free already. If in fact
she *was* on their side. This could be a trick.

"So you are going to help us because you pity him?" he let a touch of
skepticism touch his voice. "Pity seems a poor reason to risk your
father's wraith."

She nodded.

"Indeed, it would seem a very poor reason indeed. But my reasoning has
both personal and practical aspects. Do you know the story of my mother,
Lady Lorelai?"

"Only that she was originally a muggle, before the naga took her."

"Indeed, they took her and then gave her as a gift to my father. She was
unique in that even though she had only been a non-magical human, she
still remembered her life perfectly and she regretted its loss to her
dying day. She made me promise when I was very small that I would never
force my own desires for companionship on another the way my father and
the naga did upon her."

Bobby tilted his head respectfully.

"She sounds like she was a remarkable woman, but you said you had a
practical reason as well?"

"Yes. The other reason why I will help you both, is that I have no
desire to share this realm with Lord Voldemort. My father seems
convinced that he is the only suitable rival for his thrown. I do not
agree."

"You know of another who may prove a suitable challenge?"

"I can think of one who may surpass him when the proper season falls,
yes."

He looked at her for a long moment, and it suddenly occurred to him what
she was really saying.

"A Winter *Queen*perhaps, rather than another King?"

She gave him a dark look. "I would thank you not speculate that out loud
in my father's house."

"Of course. I apologize. So if I take Harry away, then there will be
nothing here to lure in the Dark Lord." *Except for revenge.*"I'll go
with that. If you are offering your assistance, than I am more than
grateful to accept it. Perhaps you might start by taking this accursed
ring off of me?"

He offered his leg from which Malfoy's ring dangled. He had intended to
ask Harry to take it off, but the boy was in no condition to do so. She
checked the ring, turning it round and round his leg and rubbing her
thumb over the emerald and the family crest thoughtfully.

"A very pretty thing. Good for holding enchantments," she noted. "How
did you get this?"

"It was forced upon me. You see, I am very much a prisoner, just as
Harry is."

"So the Dark Lord is not above such debasement."

"Frankly, he seems to enjoy them rather too much," Bobby said flatly.
Harry made a protesting squawk they both ignored. "One of his servants
sent me here, not realizing I would have come anyway."

"Filial attachments?" she guessed, catching him by surprise yet again.

"How- how did you...?"

"Father told me of Harry's preincarnation. When you introduced yourself
to my guard as a Carrigan, it was yet another clue that you were here
for him and not myself. You really must learn to be more cautious, sir."

"I am starting to see that." He looked at Harry, who was looking back at
him steadily. He was well suited to a falcon, Bobby acknowledged, the
intensity of his stare did not fade in the slightest between the
transformation. He turned back to the princess. "You may keep the ring
if you can take it off."

"How generous."

"Aren't I though?"

There was a knock on the door that made him jump, but it was only a
brownie bringing in the promised bowl of water. She set it on bed and
quickly left without a word. Bobby watched her nervously until she
disappeared, and when he turned back to Selufiare he found her holding
the ring in her hand.

"My Lady, you are remarkable. I should caution you there is yet another
curse on it. It will kill the wearer come dawn."

She slipped the ring upon her finger, and admired it.

"That is of little concern in a realm where the sun never sets."

"Just in case you feel the need to go traveling."

She acknowledged his consideration with a nod, and turned to the bowl of
water which she took and set down in the center of the room. She went to
one of the side rooms and returned with a bundle of dried herbs, which
she crushed in her hand and sprinkled into the bowl. Tapping the edge of
the bowl with her silver wand, she cast a spell and waited until the
water turned translucent violet and then cleared again. She went to
Harry and untethered him.

"Both of you drink. It will give you strength."

Both birds hesitated. She waited. Bobby moved first, settling himself on
the floor and looked down into it. Everything up until now could have
been a trick on her part, an elaborate game like the ones Gulandri was
notorious for. The water was already enchanted, but whether it was the
sort of enchantment that would in fact provide them strength or some
herb that would transform them into fae...? This was the real test of
trust right here. At this point, however, it made no difference. If she
were truly their enemy, she had caught them long before.

Slowly, he dipped his head down and took a sip.

It tasted vaguely sweet, but also a little sour, like unripened apples.
Not faerie wine by any stretch of the imagination.

"It's fine," he told Harry. "Come on."

Harry's flight down was rather clumsy, as he was unaccustomed to
controlling not only arms but also a tail, but he demonstrated a strong
instinct for it. This was good, because Bobby didn't think he had the
time to teach him the various techniques of flight. He hobbled over to
the bowl, his talons making the walk awkward, and settled next to him.
Once he had decided to drink, he went about it with gusto, swallowed
down mouthful after mouthful.

"Easy, Harry," the enchantress warned. "Even this can make you sick if
you overindulge."

Harry lifted his head, and looked at her for a long moment, as if seeing
her for the first time. He resumed at a more sedate pace, until both he
and Bobby were satisfied and then pulled away. He flapped his wings
experimentally and found they no longer ached with fatigue. He flapped
harder and managed the short flight to the bird stand, and then again to
Selufiare's outstretched arm, which she had wrap in a throw. She laughed
in delight.

"Very good, Harry. Very, very good."

"A natural born flier," Bobby agreed, also impressed. He, himself, had
been reborn a bird and had to go through the natural progress of growth
and practice before he had managed to grasp flight. He had seen enough
changelings and animagi in his lifetimes, as well, to know it was an
exacting art that not all were suited to.

She stroked the falcon's feathers admiringly, hissing softly in her
native tongue.

"*I hope this kindness will instill some genuine affection in place of
faerie charms and trickery."* she said, and Harry bobbed his head
eagerly, making her smile. "*One day I will come for that kiss you
denied. Will you give it to me then?"*

Harry tilted his head in a birdy curiosity or possible consideration,
but after a moment bobbed again with a touch more solemnity. Her smile
widened.

"Come then. I will show you a way out."

She did not take him out to the hall, but instead led them to the side
chamber she had retrieved the herbs. It turned out to be a potions
cupboard, very similar to the one back at Hogwarts, only with more
strange plants and less spider legs and salamander eyes. Moving a jar of
glittering pink sand from one spot on a shelf to another, triggered some
hidden mechanism, and caused the entire shelf to swing forewards, to
reveal a crawl space.

"This is my private escape tunnel. Not even father knows of it. It will
take you further underground for half a league, and then you'll see some
light coming from above. It's an old well, and if you go straight up,
you'll find yourself out of the city walls."

"Thank you," Bobby said sincerely. "We won't forget this."

"You may thank me by keeping Lord Voldemort away from this place. Now
go, I must be elsewhere when they discover you are missing.
*Lisirrlis.*"

A small orb of light appeared from her wand and entered the secret
passageway, illuminating roughly carved limestone walls. Bobby dove into
the passage first, and was followed closely behind by Harry. The
passageway closed behind, so that the only light was the little orb they
continued to follow deeper and deeper. They said nothing as they went,
concentrating on flying in the confined space, forced to drop to the
ground several times when the tunnel dipped too low or the slight draft
that kept them alight suddenly failed or fluttered. The raven could
sense Harry's anxiety and hesitation, perhaps caught up in the guilt of
leaving the others behind or the possibility of facing the Dark Lord
after once again getting himself into danger.

If Bobby had his way, he would never see the Dark Lord again, but he had
made a promise to Selufiare and he would keep it if at all possible. If
that meant, temporarily, delivering Harry back to the Dark Lord, then so
be it. Now that he was free again, he could always return for him later.
Perhaps Harry's latest disobedience would be enough to form the rift
Bobby needed to separate them for good.

As for himself, Harry was indeed thinking about the men he was leaving
behind and also about the Dark Lord he was to face. What he was also
thinking of, however, was the fact that he had a brother. He had had a
brother his entire life and never known about it. He had had an entire
life and known about it. Why hadn't Bobby told him? He *had* to have
known. There had been hints, although he never could have guest it
before today.

And if Gulandri had told the true about him being Carrigan, had anything
else he said been true? Had the prophecy been true? Did Bobby know?
Would he tell Harry if he did?.

Oh, Goddess, was Voldemort was going to try and kill him?

The last time he had gotten himself on the wizard's bad side had
resulted in the most miserable year of his life, living in exile and
guilt. Could he survive if the Dark Lord actively started hunting him?
What sanctuary could he possibly flee to? Germany was a war zone and
would happily kill him as they would any other enemy soldier. And what
about his friends? What about Hermione, who may or may not yet be free
of the engagement, but would find no protection from a vengeful Dark
Lord regardless. None of his friends would be safe if he tried to run
for it. Did that mean he would have to fight? If the prophecy was true,
did that mean he would become the Dark Lord's enemy? And if, by some
miracle, he were the victor he would rule the wizarding world for a
thousand years? That sounded even *less* appealing than killing the
elder wizard. He had a hard enough time dealing with his life as it was
now, how could he cope with the responsibility of entire nations on his
shoulders?

But, no, he was getting way too far ahead of himself. Even if the
prophecy did exist, and hinted at some uncomfortable similarities to
himself, it did not fit entirely. Gulandri himself had pointed out it
referred to one born on July 31st not August 1st. There would be no
reason for his parents to change his date of birth. Unless *they*know of
the prophecy, but then why would they only change his birth date by one
day? They could have pretended it was an entirely different month, and
who would have been the wiser?

Of course it had nothing to do with him. As if he would ever start a
fight... er, a serious fight... with Lord Voldemort? Harry had never
thought of killing the Dark Lord, not even at his most angry or
frightened had he ever entertained the idea of harming the other
seriously.

Aargh! Stupid, bloody faeries! As if his life wasn't weird enough
without them screwing around with his head. He would be happy to get out
of this nuthouse once and for all, even if he had to face his angry
mentor to do so. He'd take his punishment, go home, apologize to
Hermione, hold a memorial for all the soldiers lost to his arrogance,
cure Ron (and Lucius by extension), figure out what the hell Snape's
deal was, show off his new animagus form to his godfathers (as soon as
he figures out how to turn the damn thing off), and then dedicate the
rest of his life to never being where he wasn't supposed to be again.

*Ever.*

At last they saw light that was not from their own magic orb. Once they
reached it, however, they found their task would not be as simple as
flying up and out. The well was narrow and made enough more so by
tendrils of roots and dead vines that had dug deep in search of water
and died as the well had dried up. They were forced to climb nearly
thirty feet through the bramble, squeezing through tiny spaces, snapping
bits of ropy vines with their sharp beaks, using as much strength as
their small bodies could manage to break through as got tangled, and
scraped and clung with their taloned feet as they inched their way up
the shaft. By the time they finally reached the top, they were both
exhausted despite Selufiare's potion.

Bobby, however, refused to let them rest until they were reached safety.
The nearest portal back to the mortal world was several miles away,
straight through the passage Harry and his party had likely been herded
through on their way here. Chances were, they would find the Dark Lord
along the way, and if they were lucky they would meet up with him before
the Dark Lord did and fulfill the princess' request, leaving Hausteheim
without further incident.

Harry followed as best he could, helped along by the fact that although
he wasn't yet as skilled a flier as the raven, he was naturally built to
be faster and more agile. They kept high above the trees, looking down
through the bare limbs in search of any sign of Gulandri's people or the
Dark Lord. As they drew nearer to the border and no sign of friend or
ally appeared, Bobby became increasingly anxious. Surely they should
have run into someone by now?

No one appeared, however, and as they crossed over a small stream they
were suddenly surrounded by darkness. Harry reeled in surprise, taken
off guard by the sudden change form twilight to a few hours past
midnight. Bobby circled him twice and led him back towards the ground,
finding a wide dirt road.

"Calm down. We're back in the human realm. We should be safe now."

The falcon landed beside him, but continued to search the surrounding
trees. His vision was not intended for night, but the moon was only a
few days past full and he could see enough. And the more he saw the more
panicked he became. Where was Voldemort? Could they possibly have missed
him along the way? Did that mean he was still on his way to the faerie
stronghold? Could he have not even set off for the journey? It had been
days in Hasteheim but how long had it been here? Hours? Days? Years?

In his frantic distraction, he failed to notice someone coming up behind
him, until he felt a pair of human-shaped hands grab hold of him,
pinning his wings to his side. He let out a panicked cry and started to
struggle.

"Hold still! I'm not going to hurt you!" the man said, Bobby's voice
unmistakable, shocking him into stillness. "There you go, just relax.
I'm going to see if I can undo this spell on you. You can't stay like
this or you might get stuck."

While his raven-now-human guide manhandled him, looking for who knew
what, Harry stared at him fixedly. It was still dark, even with the
moon, but he got a general idea of the shape and contours of the man's
face and was surprised on how similar it was to the Carrigan he had seen
in his limbo. In fact, more than brothers, they could have been twins
except that Bobby appeared younger and his eyes didn't have quite the
same shape to them. He couldn't see what color his eyes were or the tone
of his skin, but he could guess.

"Ah, I think I found it. Hold on, this probably won't feel very nice."

It was Gulandri's spell all over again, and felt exactly the same,
agonizing and unnatural in its force but over much more quickly. When it
was done he found himself screaming in Bobby's arms, the sound muffled
in the man's black sweater. He let himself relax, to catch his breath.

*This is my brother*, Harry thought. *I wondered what it was like.*

"Are you alright?"

He nodded, and after a few more deep breaths spoke.

"It's not going to be like that every time I change, is it?"

Bobby grinned. "I should think not. It shouldn't hurt at all once you've
figured out how to do it yourself. Like tightening or relaxing a muscle
you've never used before."

"Oh... good. Where's Voldemort?"

"I don't know. I thought he would have come this way, but perhaps he
went in somewhere else. I guess he would have had to. There's no way to
get there from here until tomorrow. I hadn't thought of that."

"What do you mean? How did we even get here?"

"Faerie realms have a lot of doorways into other realms, including this
one, but those in this realm tend to be time sensitive or must meet a
lot of special requirements. In order to cross into Hausteheim from
here, it has to be sunset."

"Then how did you...?"

"I came in through Wales."

"How much time passed here since I was taken?"

"Less than half a day. Two hours here is about a day... what passes for
a day over there."

"Oh! Good. Maybe we can stop the Dark Lord before he tries to come after
me or sends someone after me. You don't think he went through already,
do you?"

Bobby would have been very surprised if the evil bastard hadn't, but he
didn't say so.

"I couldn't say with any certainty. There should be a village nearby.
You can make a fire call to find out."

"Yeah, okay. Just give me a minute. You don't think we'll be followed,
do you?"

"I doubt the Milesians will risk being caught in the mortal realm for an
entire day just to follow us. They can't exactly track us even if they
wanted to."

Harry smiled at that. Yeah, imagine that. They had just escaped a faerie
realm. How many people could put that on their next job application? He
started to pick himself up. They needed to hurry. If Voldemort hadn't
left yet, it was still unlikely they had much time before he did. Bobby
helped him to his feet, and they made their way towards Aoiwig. Harry
didn't have his cloak after he became human, so Bobby wrapped his arm
around his shoulder to help keep him warm.

"Hey, Bobby..."

"Yes, Harry?"

The young wizard was going to ask if he really was his brother, but felt
a sudden moment of shyness. It would be rather awkward if he had somehow
misinterpreted things.

"Where have you been all this time?" he asked instead.

"Oh, you know. Held prisoner by-"

The transfigured man jerk in his arms, stiffening for a moment, before
succumbing to spell that had struck him. Harry managed to catch him
before he fell, and found himself holding a raven once again. He
clutched his fallen companion to his chest, and bolted behind a tree
with him. His heart began racing with fear. Had the faeries followed
them after all? He didn't have his wand, and the binding glove was still
covering his sword hand. Bobby lay limp in his arms, and he could not
tell if he was alive or dead.

All he could do was run and hide, but the spell had come from in front
of them which meant the attacker(s?) were standing between him and
Aoiwig. All around them were brittle, fallen leaves making stealth
impossible.

How was he going to get past without being seen?

Had he escaped only to be taken once again?

\~ Author's Notes\~

Fleur gave Harry a book of Prophetic practices of Centaurs during his
summer in Germany, which was actually given to her by a third party.

There is that nasty prophecy. I tweaked it a bit for the purposes of
this story, but it is quite similar, and will likely prove just as
troublesome for poor Harry and friends. Just to be clear, however,
Voldemort did not in fact kill Carrigan or have any intention of killing
him. That's pure Gulandri B.S.