# Rising Darkness

"You are distracted," Snape observed, without looking up from his
paperwork. It was a fascinating skill he had, the ability to appear
absorbed in one thing and yet still able to pick out 'delinquent'
behavior no matter how small. It made most of the student body hate his
classes (and sometimes the man himself) and Harry wasn't above admitting
he found it rather annoying himself. Although, in this instance he was
hardly being subtle.

"It's the last day," Harry said, forcing his eyes from the open window
and towards his guardian. They were alone in the DA&D class, fulfilling
their 'debriefing', as Harry liked to call it, just like they had every
week since he had returned to Hogwarts. They were tedious and awkward
most of the time, Harry hating to talk about himself especially to
someone as hypercritical as Snape, but he had to admit his anxiety had
stayed in manageable levels since they'd started. His depression was
another matter.

"You've been distracted all week."

"We had exams."

"How did you do?"

"I didn't fail anything."

"Ah, the aspirations of youth. You're final project in Arithmancy was
quite impressive. Professor Vector wants to submit a paper on it to a
university press."

Harry looked away. His final project had been ridiculously simple in his
opinion, involving little more than tweaking an old pagan spell using
modern arithmancy theory. The idea was novel enough, however, to impress
his teachers.

"Are there any university presses that haven't been blown up yet?" he
said blandly. Snape looked up.

"So that's why you've been moping all week. You're worried about London.
I assure you Mr. Potter, this isn't the first time it's been burned down
and it will not likely be the last."

"And I feel instantly lighter having been made aware of that
heart-warming fact."

London had been attacked ten days ago, and for all intents and purposes
was still under attack. It had been the first domestic attack in months.
With a majority of Germany's forces pre-occupied with trying to
re-fortify against British encroachment there had been a long period of
tense quiet, but recent alliances with Italy, Switzerland, and Austria
had increased their enemy's offensive capabilities and the battlefront
had expanded into their backyard once again. More than one of his
classmates had received word that a family member had been lost in the
fighting or their home had been destroyed. More than one of his
classmates had glared death at him as if it were his fault. In some
twisted, convoluted way, it probably was.

"Do you need anything?"

And by 'anything' the man meant potions.

"No, thanks. I just got off the last of my medical potions two weeks
ago. I want to try to keep it that way. Besides, it hasn't kept me from
sleeping or anything."

Snape stared at him pointedly, looking for any sign he might go crazy
again. Harry rolled his eyes.

"I'm *fine*."

His guardian made a noncommittal noise, and turned back to his
paperwork.

"We have an appointment for a fitting in Coventry on Tuesday, be ready
to go by two. The rehearsal is on Friday."

"Why precisely do I have to go to the rehearsal again? I'm just sitting
with everyone else."

"Because it's your lot in life to suffer and I said so."

Harry grinned. "You just don't want to be left alone with your in-laws
and you couldn't convince Malfoy Sr. to go and hold your hand."

Snape turned a nasty glare at him, and essentially confirmed his
hypothesis. He honestly didn't blame the man. Susan was the champion of
inane prattle and talking to Morgan was like talking to a wall… a big
scary wall with the entire domestic security force in Britain standing
behind it, which left Snape in a rather awkward position.

"Don't you have some packing you need to finish?" the man hissed in
annoyance.

"Yes, I do," he lied pleasantly, and got up to leave. "See you at
dinner."

\~Page Break\~

Instead of going back to his dormitory, Harry went in search of
something useful to do. His housemates, while not as openly hostile as
they once might have been (even the ones who stared at him accusingly
never dared say so to his face), were not comfortable in his presence.
Nothing could induce a tense silence like him walking into the commons
room.

He didn't fault them their unease. The school year had been one giant
shock after another, first with his defense of Luna in full werewolf
form, followed by his running away, then enlistment into the army, and
subsequent involvement in the largest and most notorious battle in the
war so far. A living, breathing reminder of the chaos their world had
fallen in to, he was met with more than a little suspicion around the
castle.

He didn't mind. His mind, body, and soul had suffered terrible blows and
he needed his space more than anything else to recover. His closest
friends had remained, some of them confused and uncertain, but still
loyal and that was more than he had hoped for. There had even been a few
surprisingly persistent supporters.

"I don't know how we're going to beat Rookbridge. They've got twenty
more members than we do!" Ron whined, trying to keep his expression
pensive so it didn't look like he was. "We'll all have to do three duels
for every two they do. That's completely unfair."

Cedric grinned and rolled his eyes, helping Harry organize the Dueling
Club supply closet for the last time. Ron had been ranting and fussing
about the upcoming summer competitions since they had started, doing
very little in the way of helping. The Sr. Dueling Club vice-captain was
'supposed' to be at the Hogwarts Herald final staff meeting and end of
the year party, but he had been roped into 'helping' last second by
Captain Johnson (Angelina had tenaciously held the title for the entire
year against his relentless ambition) and been stubbornly refusing to do
anything out of spite.

"It'll be fine. Just don't enroll the entire club in that particular
competition. It's not like everyone is going to be able to make it
anyway," Cedric pointed out, not bothering to look up from his check
list to make sure all the dueling swords were accounted for.

"I won't be able to make it. Neither will Hermione or Draco," Harry
reminded, sorting through dueling armor. They had finally gotten a
standard set of robes for their club, black and red, courtesy of a
generous donation by Malfoy Sr. Harry rather liked them, but they did
make telling which belong to who rather difficult. "The wedding is that
weekend."

Ron was not appeased, and if anything was more furious than ever.

"Oh, that's bloody brilliant! I lose two of my better players *and* my
assistant. I can't keep track of all the rookies on my own!"

Harry snorted. The 'rookies' were anything but after a year of intense
Dueling Club training, and while he hadn't been able to participate in a
lot of hands on dueling while he was recovering from his injuries he
didn't think he had been demoted to being Ron's 'assistant' at any point
in the year.

"Oh, woe," he said blandly.

The Slytherin scowled at him, but didn't say anything further. They had
both been getting along better over the recent months, in no small part
do to Hermione's insistence, and they might tentatively call themselves
friends… if you can call someone who you didn't particularly like but
didn't completely despise a friend anyway. He supposed with Slytherins
it was completely possible.

"Alright, I think that's the last of it. Thanks for coming to help,
Harry," Cedric said, straightening up. They all walked out of the supply
closet, allowing Ron to lock the door behind them. While he was busy
setting the wards, Cedric turned to Harry and held out his hand.

"It's been an interesting couple of years with you around. I certainly
hope this won't be the last time we meet."

The Gryffindor grinned and took his hand.

"Our world is a small one. I'm positive this isn't the end of it.
Congratulations, by the way. I heard you won a full scholarship."

"Thanks. It's better late than never. I'll see you at dinner! See you
around, Weasley."

Ron grunted, but didn't say anything until the older boy was gone from
the room. They he turned to Harry, his expression shifting from annoyed
to… something else.

"I need to talk to you about something."

"Is this about Hermione or Dueling Club?" he asked. Really, those were
the only two things they could talk to each other about… at least
civilly.

"What? No. Nothing like that. This… is about something else."

He didn't like the sound of that, but he stood there and waited a moment
for him to continue. Ron was fidgeting, his fingers clenching and
unclenching, fumbling into his pockets and fiddling with his wand, but
his eyes were hard and intent as they focused on Harry.

"You know 'old' magic, right? I mean, I've seen you do some pretty weird
shit and all with magic. Crazy, power shit they don't teach around here.
Shit barely anyone even knows anything about anymore."

Harry was starting to feel the urge to fidget himself now, but forced
himself to remain still. He didn't like the direction this conversation
was heading. It wasn't that he hadn't talked about pagan magic before.
He had explained it to the best of his abilities to anyone who had
asked, and had demonstrated it on several occasions including for his
final project in Arithmancy. There were times, however, when those
questions had become extremely uncomfortable and he had a feeling this
was one of those.

Ron waited for a response, but receiving none he continued.

"I want to ask your help for something."

"…What?" he asked cautiously.

"You have to promise you'll help first."

"The hell I do. *You're* asking *me* for help, not the other way around.
I don't owe you anything."

"Shit… well, at least promise you won't tell anyone that I asked."

Harry considered it. It seemed a minor thing, although honestly he
didn't even want to know what the favor was.

"Fine, I promise I won't tell."

"In a Wizard's Oath."

"For Merlin's sake, Ron!" he snapped, and turned to storm off. The
Slytherin quickly grabbed him by the arm.

"Wait, wait! Jeez! Chill out, will you? I just need you to take this
seriously."

"Then stop acting like a git. I take it you want me to help you with
something illegal?"

Ron nodded once.

"More illegal than what the twins and I were doing?"

He honestly wasn't entirely sure the twin's smuggling ring was really
'illegal' or not, but it was certainly more than enough to get them all
suspended if they had been caught. Despite having missed most of the
holiday season, their original plan to make a little extra money
smuggling packages in and out of the school had been a rousing success
do mostly in part to Harry's frequent and regularly scheduled medical
appointments at St. Mungo's. The teachers hadn't figured it out yet, or
if they had they were turning a blind eye, and most of the students knew
only that it involved the twins and that there would be hell to pay if
any of them snitched that fact. As far as he knew, the only ones who
seemed to know about it were Ron and Ginny, and Harry wasn't certain how
or when that had happened exactly.

"Yeah," Ron said, "Definitely."

"Okay, so what is it, then?"

Harry watched as he licked his lips and swallowed thickly, his intent
gaze flickering elsewhere for a moment.

"You know about my dad?"

"…Yes. Ginny told me."

"I saw him last summer. I was probably the last family he ever saw, and
he was so far gone by then he didn't even recognize me. He thought I was
Bill. Kept telling me to look after mom and the others."

"I'm sorry."

Ron shook his head and looked away. "I don't need your pity, Potter.
That's not what this is about. While my dad was rambling on about taking
care of the family, he told me something else. Something I didn't know
about before. Something I don't think anyone else knows."

He paused for a moment, looking around the room suspiciously before
casting a silencing ward so no one could overhear them. He was starting
to freak Harry out.

"He told me the truth about who sent him to prison and why."

"The truth? It was just all those muggle contraband charges, wasn't it?
A stupid and petty thing to go to Azkaban over, but…"

"Shut up, Potter! What do you know about it? It *was* stupid. So what?
People do stupid things everyday. You're a walking example."

"And you're a talking example. Just spit it out. You don't have to be a
dramatist about it."

"The worst my dad should have got was a month *tops* in Azkaban, not…not
*twenty* damn years. Everyone knows it. *Everyone*. Someone pulled some
strings, *paid* to keep my dad locked up and tortured until he died a
miserable forgotten failure of a man and a father. He was stupid, but
he…he wasn't *that* stupid. He didn't deserve… We didn't deserve….fuck!"

They both squirmed awkwardly in the tense silence that followed, as Ron
tried to compose himself again.

"I found out who did it. I found out who threw my dad in prison and kept
him there until he died."

"Who?"

Ron turned back to him, the familiar, obnoxious smirk in place.

"Give me an Oath and I'll tell you."

"I'm leaving now."

"I want to kill him."

Harry paused. "Yeah, okay. I can see where you might, but-"

"And I want you to help me."

"… You're serious?"

"He's a powerful man. I can't just… sneak up behind him and cast a
Killing Curse. It can't ever be connected back to me. It has to be
untraceable. You have to know of ways. 'Old' magic has, like, a million
weird ways to kill someone."

Harry just stared at him, trying to fathom what he was hearing. Ron
seriously wanted him to help murder someone using pagan magic. If it
weren't so completely abhorrent he would be laughing.

"You wouldn't have to do anything," Ron promised, "Just point me in the
right direction; maybe help me get some supplies. I tried looking
myself, but anything I need would be in the Restricted section and I
can't have anyone knowing what I was doing and I can't go to a dealer.
Most of the books they hand out are pure malarkey and I don't know
enough to tell what's real and what isn't."

Harry just looked at him.

"No."

"If you're worried about someone finding out, I'll take an Unbreakable
Vow not to tell-"

"No."

"Is this about money?"

"*No!* Merlin, this isn't about money. Are you listening to yourself?
You're asking me to help *murder* someone!"

"It's justice, not murder! He imprisoned and killed my father! And if
that's not enough for you, he killed Ginny and Fred and George's father
too! He *ruined* our lives!"

"So you're going to kill him? Will that make it better? Will your dad
rise from the grave and everyone live happily ever after? What if you're
wrong, Ron? You said it yourself that your dad was out of your mind when
you saw him last. He could have just made up someone to blame. Are you
really going to go kill someone because of a paranoid delusion?"

It was a good thing Ron had remembered to put up a silencing charm
because at this point they were both shouting at each other.

"Screw you, Potter! I know what happened! He killed my dad! I can't just
pretend I don't know! I can't ignore it! What would you do in my
position? What if you knew where the guy who killed your folks was and
where to find'm? You going to tell me you'd just shrug and say
'whatever'?"

Harry hesitated. His parents' murderer was already dead, overdosed in an
alleyway months after his crime, and Harry had never had the time to
truly ponder what he would have done if he had ever met the guy in
person. What would he do if he knew the man were still alive and
wandering free in Cologne? He was not naïve enough to think he would let
the man walk away. Not even a year ago he had nearly strangled a man to
death with his bare hands after the Goddess Colony Massacre.

He still couldn't say he wouldn't kill the German Auror if he ever saw
him again. Not really an issue since he suspected he was either very
dead or wishing he was by now.

At the same time, he could not bring himself to justify what Ron
intended. There was nothing to guarantee that the accused wasn't just
the convenient target of a delusional man or that there were some unseen
factors accounting for Mr. Weasley incarceration. What if he had
justifications of his own for imprisoning Mr. Weasley? He didn't know
Mr. Weasley personally, but he did know that the man had fought on the
opposite side of the war and there was no telling what he had done
during those dark times. For all he knew, the unknown man had paid to
keep Mr. Weasley in prison for murdering his family! The mass amnesty
that had been granted after the conclusion of the war resulted in dozens
of cases of murderers and thieves walking away from crimes that should
have had them rightfully thrown into Azkaban. How was he to know this
wasn't one of those instances? Who was Ron intending to kill anyway? Was
it someone they knew? Someone with a family of his own? Was that why he
hadn't told him already?

"Probably not," Harry finally admitted. "But I'm not going to help you.
What you're asking for… that's Dark Arts on a level I'm not going to go
screwing around with. Not unless I *know* it's worth it."

Ron glared at him, burning red and radiating his anger and frustration.
Harry inched away from him, more out of physical discomfort than fear.
With his *magus sensortia,* the radiant magic flowing off the Slytherin
felt like hot sandpaper against his skin and smelled faintly of
phosphorus.

"Fine. I should have known better than to ask," he snarled, stomping
towards the door. Before he reached it, however, he couldn't stop from
turning and throwing out one last barb. "Hypocrite."

Harry didn't bother to refute it. It wasn't untrue. He had messed with
powerful magicks for the wrong reasons or no reason at all several times
before, and it had hurt others and himself. It had also saved others. He
was hoping that as he grew more experienced the ability to tell which
reasons were legitimate and which weren't would become clearer. In the
meantime, yes, he was on occasion a hypocrite and he didn't like that
about himself.

That didn't mean he was going to go pandering to Ron's rather skewed
sense of justice. That would involve something far worse than hypocrisy.

What to do now? Should he try and stop Ron? Should he tell someone?

He had promised he wouldn't tell. If he didn't, someone could die
though. If he did… it would be a mess. Annoying prat though Ron could
be, he had reason to be angry and attempted murder accusations would
bring down more trouble than was probably warranted.

He would have to talk to Ron again later, hopefully after he cooled off.
Perhaps he could convince him to try something less drastic, or even to
drop the matter altogether. If worse came to worse, he could talk to
Hermione. If anyone could convince the guy he was being unreasonable it
was her.

He liked to avoid involving her if he could help it though.

He sighed. Bother. He had been looking forward to a quiet summer.

\~ Page Break\~

"And where might our Lord Chaos be off to? You look like you're up to
something suspicious," George said, appearing at his right from out of
no where. Harry had no sooner turned to answer him, when Fred appeared
at his left.

"Can we help?"

Harry rolled his eyes.

"I'm just going to pick up Inana from the greenhouse. Professor Sprout
is locking them up tonight, so I won't be able to get in tomorrow before
we leave."

"Then it's a good thing we spotted you!" George insisted. "It isn't safe
to go wandering the grounds without protection. Anything could just come
out and snatch you away! Like German Aurors-"

"-or Italian Aurors-"

"- or Swedish Aurors-"

"- dementors-"

"- dragons-"

"- merpersons-"

"- fangirls-"

"- a pterodactyl-"

"-a… a what?"

Fred shrugged. "It could happen. It's Harry."

"True."

He fought valiantly not to smile at their combined antics, but it was
admittedly difficult. They continued on their way towards the main
entrance, where McGonagal was already working on readjusting the wards
for next morning's exodus from the school to the train station. Several
Sentinels were there as well, watching for danger and assisting where
asked, but saying very little.

"Hello, Mr. Potter," she greeted pleasantly, before turning a rueful
expression to his two companions who were still listing off potential
threats the grounds might hold.

"- aliens-"

"-orcs-"

"-lawyers-"

"-Jehovah's witnesses-"

"What are they going on about now?" she asked.

"Haven't a clue. They wanted to come down to the greenhouse with me to
get Inana."

She nodded, and gestured him along. There was enough security wandering
the grounds already that she was not worried about aurors… or dragons or
fangirls or aliens. The sky was warm and sunny and the grounds green
with spring growth. It was a time to enjoy the outdoors, not cower
inside the castle. She let them go, playing hardly any mind as they
wandered away and disappeared around a corner.

Once alone in the greenhouse, however, the twins closed in on their
younger friend.

"Now that we've got you alone…," Fred murmured, batting his eyelashes
coyly.

"Please remember you're locked in a room with one of the most venomous
snakes in the world before you try anything," he said blandly.

They both chuckled, and handed him a black bag. He took it cautiously.
It was heavy and jingled in his hands as it moved.

"What is this?"

"Your cut. We had a very profitable year. There's just under fifty
galleons in there. I'd put it somewhere the auditors can't find it if I
were you," George explained. "It's too bad we won't be here for the next
year. We could probably make twice that now that we've got a good
reputation… relatively speaking. We want to hand it off to Ron and Ginny
if you're agreeable. They could use the money and the experience before
they graduate."

Harry nodded, pocketing the cash. He had no idea what he was going to do
with all that money. He had some of his own from his summer jobs and
also from his service pay while working as ambassador for the werewolf
colonies, but that was all sent directly to his Gringotts account and he
had never looked at it closely and very rarely touched it. That money,
he had decided after he got back from Germany the first time, was to pay
off his Hogwarts tuition and Court debt when he graduated and was not to
be touched. Hogwarts and the Court provided all his living essentials,
and the few extravagances he indulged in were usually gifts from friends
or provided for some ulterior motive (his entire wardrobe was Voldemort
commissioned and approved, and only those who didn't know him thought
they were a gifts). This wasn't something he could just dump in his
savings account and not expect someone to ask some rather uncomfortable
questions. Primarily Snape, who took more interest in his bank balances
than Harry did.

"I'll help out if I can, but I don't think we'll be able to rely on
medical appointments next year. I'm all healed up."

"No worries, mate. You and Ron'll figure something out. He can be quite
devious when he puts his mind to it."

Harry felt a flicker of unease. He considered telling them about his
conversation with Ron only a few minutes ago, but ultimately decided to
wait. There was no telling how they would respond. They might try to
stop him… or they might try to help him. They were good friends to have,
but pranks were not the only reason people feared to get on their bad
side.

"I guess so," he said, moving further into the greenhouse in search of
Inana. "Any idea what you'll do with your earnings?"

"We're starting a business. This'll cover the down payment on the
mortgage. We've been wanting to do it for a while, but figured we might
as well wait 'til we graduated. Mum would have a coronary if we dropped
out early. Can't imagine Ma and Pa Stone[^111-1] would be too happy about it
either," Fred said, idly wandering the rows of vegetation.

"Good thing we waited too. Real estate prices are rock bottom, what with
the war going on and all."

Harry looked up. That didn't make any sense to him. As far as he had
heard, the price of real estate was actually ridiculously high with so
many people being forced to move or searching for safer homes outside
of…

"You're starting a business in London?"

He didn't know why he said London. It could just have easily been one of
a dozen other cities that had all but been half abandoned in the wake of
foreign attacks, but the twins had never done anything by halves and
London seemed too insane a choice to pass up.

"By golly, he's sharp!" George laughed.

"Shhh! Don't go telling anyone. It's a secret! We got a real bargain on
this place. Normally it'd be twenty times what they're asking for, but
the owners don't have any kids to leave it to and since they wanted to
get out of town fast we got it was a steal. Only one of the walls got
blown up too!"

Harry shook his head. His guardian was getting married, Ron was plotting
murder, and the twins had decided to start a business in the middle of a
battlefield. He was almost afraid to run into anyone else if this was
going to set the tone for the day.

"Just be careful, will you?" he said tiredly, not even trying to
convince them they were crazy. They knew they were already. "You're my
favorite minions after all."

"Aaahhh! You like us! You really do!" Fred sang, and rushed forward as
if to hug him, but came up just short. "Too bad your girlfriend
doesn't."

He pointed to a spot behind Harry, and sure enough Inana was raised up
until her head reached the middle of his chest, her hood flared wide.
Confused by her suddenly aggressive display, Harry hissed softly to her
and gently stroked her head and hood until she relaxed once again. He
carefully lifted her up and wrapped her around his shoulders, taking her
out into the spring sun.

As the twins made to follow, she flared her hood once again and hissed
nastily, bringing them both up short again. Harry smirked over his
shoulder.

"That's what you get for feeding her a rubber mouse."

"Oh, come on! That was funny! She squeaked like a toy for a week!"

"Yes, I remember. So does she. I'd sleep with one eye open tonight."

Judging by the rather stunned looks on their faces, he supposed his
warning had been received and he made his way back to the castle. He
walked as slowly as possible, soaking up as much of the sun and fresh
air as he could.

\~ Page Break\~

Harry made a brief attempt at finding Ron again, but gave up fairly
quickly in favor of terrorizing the student body with Inana. It probably
wasn't very Gryffidnor-like (or more like it *was* and no Gryffidnor
would admit it), but pretending to act friendly (and that meant hugging
and hand shakes and generally being within a arm's length) with a giant
cobra around his neck made for some very interesting (failed)
conversations, facial expressions, and escape attempts.

Not exactly his most stellar behavior, but it was the last day of school
and if he was feeling a little Slytherin-like no one was going to
remember it in August. Besides, Inana had a wonderful time. He finally
returned to the Common Room for a shower before the End of the Year
Feast, and found Hermione waiting for him with a letter.

"Uncle Severus dropped this off for you. It's from Blackbone," she said.
Her expression was strangely pinched, and he assumed that meant she was
disturbed by it, and didn't feel right about handing it over. Harry
wondered, not for the first time, if she didn't blame Sirius to some
extent for what happened to him in Germany. She had been
uncharacteristically evasive on the subject of werewolves, and given his
own desire to avoid discussing what had happened he had been happy
enough to pretend he didn't notice.

It seemed that was no longer an option.

After more than five months of silence, his godfather was finally
reaching out to him. Harry was afraid. Sirius had made no attempts that
he knew of to come and see him while he was in the hospital or when he
was recovering, and there had been no letters. The silence had felt
damning then, but the break of it felt like fall of a guillotine's
blade. Was his godfather going to officially break their bond here and
now?

Could he blame him? For every gift that Harry had ever brought to his
godfathers and their pack was soon followed by incredible tragedy.

He turned the envelope over and over in his hand, searching for some
sort of clue about its contents, but there was only his name written out
in Sirius' sharp, slashing script. He considered waiting to open it
until after dinner or perhaps on the train or even once he got back to
the cottage. Why ruin his last day with bad news?

Except the day hadn't been that great to begin with, and Hermione looked
about ready to tear the letter out of his hand and read it herself… or
set it on fire. One or the other. Cautiously, he opened the envelope and
pulled out the contents. It was brief, and rather uninformative. Rather
than feeling relief, Harry felt an even greater anxiety.

"What does it say?" she asked.

"It's a summons. Sirius is requesting to see me 'at my earliest
convenience'. Whatever that means," he said, not looking up. The tone
was formal, cold even, and nothing about it suggested the Head Alpha was
looking forward to a reunion anymore than Harry was.

Hermione stepped closer to read the letter as well, biting her bottom
lip and generally looking unhappy. After reading it herself, she said,
"I don't think you should go."

"I have to. It's an official summons. I'm still, technically, Sirius'
ambassador," he said without much enthusiasm. Harry, as far as he knew,
had not been officially retired from his position and still received
some sort of pay even though he had not been actively carrying out his
responsibilities for some time. 'Medical leave' is what Draco called it.

"That's a load of crap, Harry."

His eyes jumped to her instantly. "Hermione, did you just swear?"

She rolled her eyes.

"You don't have to go if you don't want to. Just tell the Dark Lord.
He'll get you out of it. It's… It's not safe for you there."

His first instinct was to protest, to state that he was perfectly safe
and no one wanted to hurt him there, but the words died in his mouth. He
had lied frequently in his life, but he had never been comfortable with
it and certainly not with a lie so blatantly obvious.

"I'll figure something out."

\~ Page Break\~

*"I… Yes…I wanted to ask you if I could… if you would…tell me your
story. Can I be your biographer?"*

*Potter's eyes were soft with sympathy, but there lingered a persistent
wariness. His face was that of an ordinary fourteen year old, but his
eyes… there was a story there. A thousand stories.*

*"No, I'm sorry. I can't do that."*

Voldemort prodded the memory for a moment, but it lacked the oily flavor
that marked Tom's presence in McGunny's mind. The young man in his grasp
struggled weakly, clawing at his arms with carefully trimmed nails and
kicking at his knees. It was pathetic and useless. Even months before
inactivity and potions had stolen his strength McGunny had never had the
ability to pull himself free. Ruthlessly, the Dark Lord shoved aside the
memory and searched for another, looking through the shattered debris of
memories the mind-healers had knocked loose since his last visit.

*"Now?" the lilting, female voice asked from behind the Venetian mask.
The eerie, white face almost seemed to float in the air against the
night sky. Voldemort did not recognize her voice by only the one word,
but he thought she might be the dark vampiress he had glimpsed once
before in another memory. Tom was also wearing a mask, and with it he
could easily distinguish his younger counterpart's full control over
Horace's body.*

*"Midnight. Not a minute before and not a minute after. We cannot give
the Aurors time to gather themselves and-"*

*A bell rang, deep and low, distracting all of them. They turned to the
house below them, and with a few violent slashes with his wand, Tom
destroyed the protective wards.*

The memory faded, and the Dark lord tugged and poked at it violently,
trying to force out just a few more seconds of information that refused
to come loose. It took him a second to realize he was physically shaking
McGunny as well, who was now squeezing his eyes shut and crying and
begging for him to stop. Disgusted, he tossed the young man aside, not
even bothering to watch as he crawled away to the nearest corner of his
tiny room. He had seen it before.

Every few weeks, as his schedule allowed, he would come and see how much
progress the mind-healers had made in unlocking his lost secrets. So far
it had not been anything helpful. All he had been able to gather was
that Tom had attempted to grow his own body but was forced to abandon
the venture prematurely (which he already knew) and that he had been
hiding in Germany for several months including the siege of Berlin and
that vampires were somehow involved and underground tunnels.

He could make neither heads nor tails of it, and the more time that
passed the more irrelevant it seemed. Surely, where ever Tom had
disappeared to could no longer be traced? But there was still the
chance, and he found he could not abandon the course he had set.

Besides, even if he could not uncover Tom's whereabouts, he might
discover what exactly had happened prior and during Durmstang's escape.
Now that he knew Tom had been acting through Horace, there was a world
of possibilities he had not considered before. There was also the matter
of what exactly Tom had been up to in Germany and whether those plans
were still taking place.

Today wasn't going to be the day he found out, however, and he stalked
from the room and allowed the medi-nurses in. As he walked away, he
could hear McGunny screaming nonsense as his caregivers descended on his
with potions and bindings. Mind-healers lingered in the hall, refusing
to go in to check on their patient, and instead watched him fearfully or
accusingly. He smiled darkly at them as he passed, reminding them they
were coconspirators in tormenting an innocent boy and their consciences
were no more clean than his own.

He flooed from the hospital administration office to a secure floo in
Bristol, just a block away from the Brass Cult headquarters, and walked
the short distance to get there. The streets were thick with soldiers
patrolling and marching in formation, so that the few civilians still
left in the city moved about nervously in attempt to stay out of their
way and out of their notice. A few paused to watch the Dark Lord pass,
but he was not so rare a sight these days. Soldiers stopped to salute,
but he was moving passed them before gestures could even be completed.

He had been in a bad mood since the attacks in London, and he would not
be satisfied until he had levied a blow against his enemies that wasn't
at least three times as devastating. This would be difficult now that he
had Germany's new allies to contend with on top of the Germans
themselves.

This was why he was in such a hurry to see Lucius. He needed to update
his General on the latest status of their own alliances and begin making
plans for their counter offenses now, before they held their next war
council. He made a brief stop in his private office to check his
messages with his office assistants and run through his appointments for
the day, then headed out across the courtyard to track down Lucius.

He took a moment to watch the latest recruits practice in the courtyard
from somewhere they wouldn't notice him. Fresh soldiers were coming in
fast and heavy now with the local attacks, Private businesses in the
major cities were moving or closing down, and there were hundreds of
displaced and angry witches and wizards looking for work and revenge and
glory in the aftermath. With the end of the school year, he was
expecting even more patriotic young men and women with intentions to
join the fight. He felt no small amount of pride as he watched his army
grow in size and power, but he also felt a sense of caution. The
increasingly militaristic state of Britain was to his benefit, but the
massive redistribution of wealth and industry that came with it was
something he was going to have to watch out for. It wouldn't do to
strengthen his military only to weaken the influence of his nobility,
degrading the cultural and educational development they oversaw on his
behalf. He had no intention of ruling a country of brutes.

He made a mental note to schedule appointments with the Heads of the
Court of Cultural Affairs and the Court of Education sometime that week,
and continued on his way. Soldiers stood at every door and hallway,
tense and bored, but quick to salute and get out of his way. Their over
abundance was explained in part by the need to prevent any unauthorized
individuals from reaching Lucius' administration offices, because once
that happened there was too much chaos to know if someone was demanding
reports or launching an attack on Romania.

"No, I need another report. One's that's actually legible! Haven't you
heard of-"

"I put that file on your desk an hour ago; it's probably under-"

"These statistics are over a month old!"

"I don't know. Those aren't a priority. What about-"

"What do you mean she's dead? She was alive yester-"

The Dark Lord waded through the papers littering the office and shooed
away paper airplanes with a flick of his wand, no one paying him any
mind as he slipped into through the office's back door and into Lucius'
private waiting room. The secretary, a new one he noted, stood as he
entered and offered him refreshment.

"Coffee. No milk. No sugar," he said without looking at her, brushing
stray sticky notes from his robes. "Is the General in?"

"Yes, my Lord," she said, pouring him cup from one of the seven
different carafes lining the counter behind her. "He's in a private
meeting with his lawyer right now. I'll announce you if you like, or I
could… offer a bit of a distraction while you wait?"

He actually looked at as she approached and noticed that she was in fact
a very attractive woman. Dark wavy hair, pale soft skin, and green eyes
that most would consider vibrant if they hadn't seen Potter's up close
before. There was a definite sway to her hips as she stalked towards
him, and when she stopped just a little too close to hand him his cup,
he noticed with some amusement that her position was such that he could
accept the cup without looking down her blouse.

Subtle, she was not.

He felt himself smile just a bit in dark amusement, and she suddenly
tensed. No doubt she realized she had just bitten off more than she
could chew. *Later*, he thought. He turned away instead and simply
headed for Lucius' office, silently undoing the protection spells and
letting himself inside without knocking.

Lucius sat behind his desk as always, his space the exact opposite of
the administration offices. It was elegant, tidy, and not a scrap of
paper or a single quill present unless he was actually using it.
Voldemort often wondered how he managed it. The Malfoy patriarch did not
look surprised by his sudden entrance, and simply rose respectfully. His
guest, the lawyer no doubt, wasn't as prepared and sat staring dumbly at
him for several seconds.

"My Lord," Lucius greeted. "This is Robert Reicher, he's representing me
for the suite against Crouch I told you about."

That seemed to snap the man out of his stupor, and he immediately jumped
to his feet and bowed politely.

"It's an honor to meet you, my Lord," he said cautiously, and Voldemort
mentally applauded him for not stuttering.

"Likewise," he said, blandly, then paused. "Reicher… that name sounds
vaguely familiar…"

"Ah, yes. Your…ah, young Mr. Potter is a friend of the family's."

Voldemort thought about it for a moment, before recalling the context he
had heard their name. Snape had mentioned them once or twice.

"You're the one with the two little girls, yes?"

"Yes. I…yes."

The Dark Lord nodded and dismissed the matter for later examination.

"Well, I'm sorry, Mr. Reicher, but I'm afraid I must borrow your client
for an hour or so. If you don't mind?"

Reicher wisely nodded, before turning to Lucius.

"Shall I come back later?"

"Come back tomorrow, the same time."

Reicher nodded and left quickly, without exactly scurrying. Voldemort
watched him closely until the door was closed and the Silencing spells
activated.

"Is there any particular reason why you chose *that* particular lawyer?
He seems a bit below your usual pay grade," he noted, his eyes flicking
back to Lucius who was already putting away the paperwork the man had
left on his desk.

"He is adequate. I am not expecting much of a fight from Barty on this
case. Besides, I thought you would be pleased. Keeping Potter's circle
of acquaintances within your own circle of acquaintances is to your
benefit."

True enough, but the Dark Lord seriously doubted this was done for *his*
benefit. He decided to drop it for now. It was a trivial matter.

"Speaking of Barty[^111-2] and circles of acquaintances, he just sent me the
latest intel on Germany. It seems the latest alliances were only agreed
upon with the formal appointment of power to an *official* military
commander of their choosing. I'll give you three guesses on who wormed
their way into the position."

"Dumbledore," Lucius said, honest irritation seeping into his voice. The
name had been appearing with increasing frequency in the reports that
crossed his desk from the frontlines, and he was starting to see a trend
of mission failures when it did. Why, oh why, hadn't they offed the old
goat in the last war?

"Afraid so. On a vaguely brighter note, the Italians hate him, so
there's no real coordination on their part. This business in London is
primarily their doing. It's always been a 'Sodom and Gomorrah' to those
bloody Catholic nutjobs."

"We can drive them out of London, easily enough," Lucius insisted. "We
could have done it days ago."

Voldemort shook his head. "We'd have been fighting over rubble. We
evacuated most of the museums and libraries months ago knowing this
would happen eventually. Better to let them destroy a bunch of empty
buildings than have them touring the entire country."

"It doesn't sit well with me, my Lord."

"It doesn't sit well with anyone, Lucius. We had nearly three hundred
new recruits the day after the first attack. We've had nearly a thousand
more since then, and I intend to march every single one of them straight
down Italy's throat and make them pay in blood and gold ten times what
we've lost in London, but we have to be patient. Public sympathy in
France grows everyday, and soon enough we'll have enough support for
Queen Ophelia to sanction an official alliance. After that we'll have
the additional support we need to launch an attack into Italy and break
the stalemate in Germany. She is already preparing her soldiers for this
eventuality."

The question was how much were they will to lose while they waited for
that 'eventuality'. Lucius sighed and leaned back in his chair, running
his hands through his hair. He was tired. They all were. The London
attacks had been a blow to the nation's morale, and neither of them were
immune to it.

"I bow to your greater wisdom, but I still think we should find a way to
give them all a plague."

"I'll see what I can do."

"And Dumbledore?"

"Put a ridiculously high bounty on his head for now. I doubt we'll get
much response yet, but when things really start to get bad… I imagine
we'll have a few desperate fools making his life difficult. Some of his
blood or a lock of hair would work as well. I can do quite a bit of
damage with just that. Barty's already got some spies working on it, but
it's too early to say whether they'll get close enough."

"We should hold another war council."

"I scheduled it for Thursday."

"So soon?"

"I believe you have rehearsal and then a wedding planned this weekend,"
he reminded him, looking vaguely amused as Lucius eyes widened.

"I completely forgot," he sighed. "Why did it have to be *this*
weekend?"

Voldemort made a dismissive gesture. "He wanted to honeymoon in France
for a month. That doesn't leave much time before he has to return and
attend to his new duties as headmaster."

Lucius didn't look any happier even with that legitimate reason, and
instead asked, "Do you want me to bring him to the council meeting? He
usually has some good ideas."

"I doubt he'll be in any state to be useful. Do you recall how you were
the week before your wedding?"

Lucius grimaced. Not even his bachelor party had been enough to wipe
those particular memories of misery away.

"No," he said, "Will you be in attendance?"

"I will attend the ceremony and the toast if time permits. I won't be
able to stay long. With Morgan and you in attendance, someone has to
stay at the office and run the country."

\~ Author's Notes\~

Just a reminder, the Weasley twins were adopted by Clyde's grandparents,
the Stone family. Clyde is technically their adoptive nephew.

​2. Yes, this is Barty Crouch Jr., alive and kicking it with a nice
position as Head of Court Foreign Intelligence. He's as crazy and loyal
as ever, and he's Lucius' rival. If you're wondering why you haven't
seen him until now… I honestly wanted to wait till I had a good role in
the story before I brought him up. Plot wise, we'll just say he and
Lucius can't stand each other and are never in the same room, and since
Harry hasn't met him yet he really doesn't have much purpose showing up.