# The Tavern

Returning to the ruins of London after the splendid otherworldliness of Paris
was psychologically jarring. Crooked, tidy streets Harry had once wandered in
a childish daze of excitement and curiosity, every corner and back alley
bustling with activity, were now ghostly from the burnt out ruins of shops and
homes to the near empty streets. Despite having cleared the city weeks ago of
enemy forces, few London natives had returned yet. Homes had been
systematically destroyed during the siege, and with the weather turning cold
and competition for magical constructionists high, few families had returned
and it was mostly the men folk and younger couples without children that were
braving hardships to come back and rebuild by hand (and wand) themselves.

Out of the entire city, Knockturn Alley appeared to have weathered the
invasion the best, with most of the shops still standing and some of them
seemingly untouched. Harry asked Slughorn if it were luck.

"No," the professor said, eyeing the gloomy lane with some trepidation.
Despite being the most intact area in the city, it was no more inviting then
it had ever been, and specters that loomed in the windows or shadowed through
alleyways seemed somehow more sinister and more powerful than ever before.
"It's not luck. Knockturn Alley is the oldest surviving section of wizarding
London. It's built on top of an old graveyard, and that graveyard's
descendents continue to live on there after more than a millennium. It has
survived fires, wars, plagues, dragons… and no one really knows how or why.
There are a lot of theories about it and a lot of superstitions. Most people
agree that Dark Arts are involved."

Harry didn't say anything more until they were well out of sight of the
ominous neighborhood. There were forces in the world known to appear by merely
speaking their name at night or standing in from of a mirror or at a
crossroads, and standing in the shadows of Knockturn Alley seemed as likely a
place to summon something malevolent as any of those things.

"I would have thought it'd be in better shape if it were under some sort of
protection. I mean… it always seems on the verge of ruin."

"Yes, I imagine whatever keeps Knockturn alive also keeps it from thriving.
The Dark Arts are like that. You have to sacrifice something of equal or
greater value to achieve an ends, so there's no real way to get ahead with
that sort of magic."

Harry looked at him curiously. He had been in DA&D for five years now, and
while the concept of 'sacrifice' was a standard definition of a Dark Art, none
of his teachers had suggested that you couldn't get ahead because of it. In
fact, most suggested just the opposite.

"I don't understand. You think it's bad?"

"Bad? Not necessarily. It's naturally destructive, but destruction has its
uses. There is always a sacrifice though, be it physical or psychological or
spiritual. Every. Single. Time. If you don't gage the value of those
sacrifices properly, Dark Arts can destroy you and those dearest to you."

That was also a familiar anthem of the Dark Arts; that a majority of those who
destroyed themselves through the Dark Arts were delusional, addicts,
narcissists, and fools who could not accurately determine what they were
sacrificing and gave more than they intended or else not nearly enough. If you
were careful and responsible, then you should be fine. He was starting to get
confused about what Slughorn was trying to say or if the man even knew what he
was talking about. The professor seemed to sense his trepidation and
explained.

"I simply mean you should never rely too heavily on the Dark Arts if you want
to accomplish something other than destruction. Even the Dark Lord doesn't
rely very heavily on Dark Arts for his day-to-day affairs… not like he used to
during the war in any event. But you still see wizards and witches who do…
you'll soon notice there is something inherently wrong with them. Sickness,
paranoia, inability to focus, sadism… all signs of an over use of Dark Arts."

Harry thought back on McNair, who seemed so fundamentally flawed as a human
being, and then on Lestrange, who showed similar signs of derangement. Even
Snape didn't seem quite right at times, nearly incapable of sympathy and never
completely happy. All of them had been Death Eaters, renown for their use of
Dark Arts during the war, and to some extent even after it was over. He
thought about Ron, whose dabbling in a form of Old Magic that was clearly Dark
Arts, was slowly killing him.

But had that been the Dark Arts or a fallacy in their own character that made
them apt to abusing it? It was a 'the chicken and the egg' sort of question,
and one he did not have the answer to.

He thought about the Solstice rituals and sacrifices he had performed with the
Dark Lord, and wondered if they could be considered Dark Arts or not. They had
required sacrifices of goods and life, and yet the rewards had been great. He
wondered about the hidden cost, and if some of the most painful events of his
life hadn't been a result of what he had done. How was he to know one way or
the other? And would he… could he stop even if it turned out to be the case?

He was suddenly filled with questions. Questions he couldn't expect Slughorn
to answer or Snape to listen to or Hermione to understand. He needed to speak
with Voldemort.

But not right now.

He had other responsibilities he needed to attend to. They continued on for
several blocks, the clear blue autumn sky about the only cheerful thing amid
the ruined city, until they found their destination.

The Stranded Selkie was a small tavern slightly less devastated (or else more
quickly repaired) than her surrounding neighbors, with most of her roof in
tact and enough debris free area to allow patrons entrance. Inside, the tavern
was a contradiction of fire blackened walls, shiny new photographs and
paintings, and piecemeal furniture. Two young men moved around the tavern
scrubbing the ash from the walls and partially destroyed ceiling and floor
with limited success, while a girl little more than fourteen wandered about
tables taking orders or bringing drinks. She gave them a cheerful, tired smile
as they entered and directed them to a half square half circular table (it
seemed to have been two tables transfigured into one) where a gentleman was
already seated and eating a large plate of fish. They were immediately graced
with a mulish glare.

Harry instantly felt a familiar sense of trepidation and loathing he had felt
around his muggle relatives and the currently jobless MacNair. Chancy
Truberville was the Director of the National Public Wizarding Library of
London, the largest and most prestigious library in Britain and one of the top
five wizarding libraries in the world. He was a thick man with a small head
and even smaller eyes, made smaller by thick blond eyebrows. He had a weak
chin and a ruddy complexion which he had unsuccessfully tried to hide with a
thick beard and mustache. He was perhaps in his late fifties (which looked
about the late forties for muggles), but his expression reminded Harry very
much of a petulant First Year.

Or rather, of his Uncle Vernon, may the abusive bastard have a heart attack
and die.

"Mr. Truberville?" Slughorn said, when Harry didn't immediately step forward.

"*Doctor* Truberville," the man snapped, startling the professor.

"Er…yes, terribly sorry. I am Professor Slughorn, and this is Mr. Potter, who
wished to arrange this meeting." He offered his hand to Truberville, who
completely ignored it.

The man took a bite of his fish, and chewed it slowly as he stared at the both
of them. Harry kept his expression bland, although he was finding himself
increasingly irritated. Slughorn smiled nervously, and after a long awkward
moment, sat himself down. Harry remained standing for a moment, his expression
unchanging, before he joined them with an obvious display of reluctance.

"I was told this would be a private meeting between Potter and myself," he
said at last, after chewing his fish into a fine puree.

"It is. I am merely Mr. Potter's chaperone, as his safety is the
responsibility of Hogwarts."

"Aren't you a little old for a chaperone, boy?" he sneered, turning to Harry.

"Aren't you a little boorish for a *doctor*?"

There was a sudden and deafening silence, and the Gryffindor suddenly realized
he had spoken out loud. Oops.

The young waitress who had been approaching their table with some water
glasses, abruptly stopped and hurried back in the direction she had come from.
A table of young Constructionists, tilted their heads and leaned over to get a
better view of what they probably assumed was going to erupt into a tavern
fight. The two young men cleaning off the ash stopped what they were doing to
watch as well, but with considerably more trepidation.

"*Excuse me?*"

The words were deceptively soft, just as Vernon's had been before he flew into
one of his rages. Subtly, Harry pretended to look contrite, but flicked his
wand out into his hand under the table.

"I apologize," he said, "We've been traveling all morning from France and
fatigue has put me in a poor disposition. Shall we start over? Good day, Dr.
Truberville. I am Harry Potter, thank you for taking the time to meet with
me."

For a moment, Truberville hesitated. He was obviously used to dealing with
only two types of people. His superiors and those he viewed as his inferiors,
and while he had approached this meeting with belief that Harry fell into the
later category, he was not cooperating. Potter was not at first glance very
intimidating. He was shorter than most boys his age, somewhat on the thin
side, a friendly face, and with the glasses he looked more like a naïve, young
scholar than the dangerous fighter the papers had made him out to be.

The eyes though. Something about them was off.

The 'chaperone' was looking distressed, his eyes flickering nervously between
the two of them, the category he fell into perfectly obvious.

"Very well. I will over look your transgression *this* time. What is so
important that you had to drag me out to this hovel on my day off?"

There was a myriad of flaws in what he had just said, not the least of which
was that the man had chosen the place to begin with, but Harry knew he had to
remain focused on his goal. A life hung in the balance, and even though it was
only Ron's, it was still more significant than poking holes in this blowhard's
ego.

For now, at least.

"Since your time is so precious to you, I will keep things brief and to the
point. I am currently working on a research project on mathematical principles
of Old Magic-"

"Old Magic? They're treating that superstitious nonsense like real magic up
there?"

Harry continued as if he hadn't heard him.

"-rituals and diagrams with Professor Vector, the Arithmancy professor, and we
have come to a point where we cannot continue without the necessary research
materials. Considering the subject matter, I am sure you can imagine how rare
and hard to come by these materials are. According to your catalogue, your
library has several texts that would be of use to us."

"So what? You want to use the library when everyone else has to wait until
January? You can't wait two months?"

"For various reasons, our research needs to be concluded by the end of the
school year, so no we cannot spare two and half months, particularly when we
both have limited free time to devote to it."

"I don't see how that's my problem. You should have chosen to study something
else. Something useful. You are wasting time, mine and yours with that
nonsense," he sneered.

"The Dark Lord doesn't see it that way."

The sneer vanished.

"Lord Voldemort is an avid practitioner of Old Magics," Harry continued,
trying not to smile as the man suddenly lost color, "He is very interested in
the research Professor Vector and I are conducting, and it is his hope to
promote further research of this type. I imagine those who prove themselves
helpful in this would receive… what's the word I'm looking for?"

"Recognition?" Slughorn offered.

"That too, but I was thinking of something else."

"Compensation? Financial endorsement?"

"Yes, that second one! You are a public library, after all. Your funding is
entirely reliant on the Court's indulgence and private donation. You're going
to be short on both until the war with Germany and Italy is over and the
economy recovers."

Money, it seemed, was what earned the most respect from this man, because he
was finally starting to look at Harry as something more than an insect.
Unfortunately, now he was starting to look at him like the goose that laid the
golden eggs. He pulled at the edges of his mustache thoughtfully, as he
considered.

"Are you offering financial incentive for me to help you?"

Harry blinked. Uh oh. He may have overplayed his Voldemort hand. As far as he
was concerned, the Dark Lord need never know about his research, or at least
not the books he wanted, one of which he would instantly recognize as having
no value to arithmancy whatsoever.

Luckily, Slughorn jumped in before the hesitation was noticeable.

"You mean, like a bribe?"

Truberville grimaced, and glanced at the other patrons, who were still
watching them, now because they found themselves in the presence of Harold
Potter, Prince of Britain and were curious.

"Of course not. I wouldn't be taking the money *personally*."

Harry suspected he would have if Slughorn hadn't clumsily outed him.

"I simply want proof of this so called interest Lord Voldemort has in this
project. It is all well and good to claim such a thing, but I have no
intention of investing valuable time and effort on an errand without something
to back it up."

An errand that would only have cost an hour or two at most, and not even the
man's own time, the Gryffindor wanted to point out but knew that wasn't really
the point and if he pretended it was he would only make the man irate.

"And what would you consider proof, Dr. Truberville? Lord Voldemort knocking
on your door?" he asked.

"I'd settle for a letter and a certificary*"

The negotiation stalled as Harry considered his next step. Could he get what
the director wanted? Probably. Just as likely he could get the Dark Lord to
threaten the man into cooperation, especially after the 'Old Magic is
nonsense' comments, which would be infinitely more satisfying. Did he really
want to do either? No. That would be complicating an already delicate
situation. So what now?

He was going to have to take a different approach altogether.

"I am sure you would. I'll see what I can do."

The man smirked, believing he had won. Harry refrained from smirking back. He
didn't want him… or Slughorn for that matter, suspecting him. Although he
loathed remaining in the man's company for any long, he and his chaperone
ordered lunch. He still managed a parting shot, however, when Truberville got
up to leave and offered his hand. Harry glanced at it blandly and kept eating
his fish.

"That was rather rude," Slughorn pointed out afterwards.

"Sorry."

"It was strange though. I suspect you handled the situation better by being
rude than you would have being completely polite."

"I'm familiar with the type. If you're not as nasty as they are, they think
you're weak."

"Oh?"

Harry considered telling him about his uncle, but decided against it. By all
accounts, he shouldn't even remember his uncle after leaving WYRA. If Slughorn
were curious and asked around, he would probably end up assuming he was
referring to MacNair or Lestrange for that matter, who were both a whole
different sort of nasty.

"Do you mind if we make one more stop before we get back to the castle? I have
some friends in London I wanted to see."

"I suppose we can spare a few hours, supposing Sentinel Seitler agrees. Anyone
I know?"

"Undoubtedly. It's the Weasley twins."

"Er… I see. Um… is there any particular reason?"

"I haven't seen Fred and George in a while, and they've been inviting me down
since they opened shop. They might have some advice on how too cool down this
prank war going on at Hogwarts."

"As I remember it, they were more known for instigating pranks than stopping
them, but I suppose… 'to catch a thief' as the saying goes."

They asked the waitress for directions, which she was able to rattle off by
heart. She appeared very familiar with the tavern and the Weasley twins
themselves, who she knowingly called 'Minions of Chaos'. So did the table of
constructionists, who after overhearing their conversation, launched into
several stories about the mischief the infamous Fred and George had gotten
into on any given day before and after the Italian occupation. The more Harry
heard, the more he was convinced that his friends were in fact doing well
financially and personally.

Finally, they went to see the infamous 'Red Weasel'.

They nearly passed it completely the first time, so completely blended it was
with the row of ruined shops and pubs surrounding it. It was only the sign
board propped against the half collapsed doorway that signaled they really
were in the right place. Uncertainly he crouched and squeezed under a half
fallen beam to get through. Once inside, however, he knew instantly he was in
the right place.

Even on a Sunday afternoon, the tavern was packed with patrons, filled with
laughter and music. An Irish fiddler was sawing away in a corner, adults
clapping and stomping their feet along, while children squealed underfoot as
they raced between tables chasing after a toy snitch. The walls were warm,
bare oak and were decorated with display cases of strange artifacts, funny
pictures, Quidditch memorabilia, small animals, Weasley Wizarding Wheezlies
prank toys and candy, and one even had a collection of Italian insignia and
plaque that read 'Strangers in a Foreign Land, Met Their Ends at the Strangest
of Hands'*. The furniture here was piecemeal as well, but this was obviously
by design, especially the tables and chairs hanging from the ceiling (along
with an elderly witch who seemed to appreciate being out of the way of the
chaos beneath her). Waitresses in red dresses and white aprons bustled around
taking and giving orders and stopping to talk or laugh or give a little pinch
at every table.

"Harry, bless my soul!" a waitress cried happily as he entered, and after a
moment he realized who it was.

"Madam Rosemerta?"

Her cheeks dimpled as she smiled, and she hugged him with her one free arm,
her ample bosom still managing to near knock the breath out of him.

"Just Rosie here, dear. I'm helping the boys out until my own tavern is up and
running. No point in letting my skills get rusty, and I never did care for
lousing around and feeling sorry for myself. What brings you by, dear? Aren't
you supposed to be at the school?"

"I had some business to take care of in London, and thought I would drop by to
see how Fred and George are doing… obviously they've to be doing well," he
noted. By all accounts, this seemed to be the only cheerful place in all of
London, and perhaps that was the secret to the twin's success. The twins had
always had a gift for lightening a mood, and no where was the need perhaps
greater and therefore most appreciated than here.

"Ah, they're up in their laboratory right now, but I'll tell them you're
here."

"Laboratory?"

But she was already bustling off, setting down pints of butterbeer and ale as
she headed for the bar. Behind the bar she picked up what looked like a can
hanging on a string from the ceiling. She shouted something into the can then
held it to her ear to listen. He wanted to believe it was really an enchanted
can and string, but knowing the Weasley twins, it might very well have been
exactly what it looked like.

Rosmerta seemed to have gotten her reply, because she gestured towards a
corner where a narrow elevator was slowly descending from the ceiling.

"Er… Professor, do you mind if I speak with the twins in private? I promise I
won't take long."

Slughorn, who was looking about in curious fascination, smiled at him.

"Of course not. I think I'll sit and have a butterbeer. If it's anything like
the Three Broomsticks, it's bound to be good."

The elevator played 'Pop Goes the Weasel' as it went up, clearly audible even
over the din of the tavern noise, which had Harry smiling even before he
stepped off of it. His mood might have instantly been lightened, but his quick
reflexes were not so easily lulled into complacency. His wand was up and he
snapped out a *protego* before he even fully realized something was hurtling
towards his head. What ever it was immediately exploded into a flurry of
feathers.

"Bugger! It wasn't even close!"

As the curtain of feathers fell, Harry was able to make out the 'laboratory'.
Which despite his initial skepticism, was exactly what it was. There were
beakers, flasks, cauldrons, goggles, potions ingredients, and scientific
looking equipment resting in cabinets and along potion proof tables that would
have been perfectly at home in Snape's potion lab. There were also schematics
covering the far wall, notebooks and files flooding out of a filing cabinet,
glass jars filled with the half melted remains of failed experiments, and
others such laboratory-like things. Except instead of potions or medicine or
dark arts, the twins were experimenting with pranks.

Which meant the mad scientist routine was somewhat ruined by the fact that it
looked as if someone had exploded a giant toy chest in the middle of the room.

"I don't know, I thought that went pretty well, George. I mean, look at that
size of that explosion. A good eight or ten feet in every direction and barely
any visibility!"

"We can't count that as a viable test. The Shield Charm clearly lent some
energy to the explosion. Plus, lack of visibility only last about two seconds.
We're on the right track, but I think we could do a lot better."

Harry blinked at the twins, who were standing in lab robes and goggles, and
holding clipboards on which they where jotting down notes.

"Um… did you both just experiment on me?" he asked.

They both smiled cheerfully.

"Not *on* you, Harry. Just *at* you. There's an important difference," George
said.

"And what difference is that?"

"You didn't explode."

"Good point. What did you just experiment *at* me then?"

"Exploding Bludgers. They act just like regular bludgers, except when they hit
you they explode into feathers. We're thinking of other things they'll
explode…"

"Slime," Fred offered.

"Spiders."

"Candy."

"Joke Candy, of course."

"Flowers on Valentine's day."

"Or weddings."

"Or funerals, but maybe ashes would be more appropriate."

"Or bones."

"Or grave dirt."

"Maybe you should just let the prankster decide what to fill it with," Harry
suggested. "Then it could be customized to every victim and circumstance."

They both blinked.

"My God! Why didn't we think of that? We are still novices before you, oh
great anarchist! All Hail Lord Chaos!"

"Hail Chaos!"

"Hail Chaos!"

Something in the lab broke out into thunderous applause. Fred picked up a
stuffed bear and hurled it at the wall. It let out a terrified shriek and then
fell silent.

"Er… sorry about that. We're still working on how to turn it off. So what
brings you here, Harry? The castle still stands?"

"As if the Lord Chaos would tear down his own castle," the younger boy
admonished. "I was actually hoping you could help me with something… well,
something probably illegal."

"Oh, I love the 'probably' illegal requests," George said. "They're almost as
good as the 'slightly' illegal ones."

When Harry told them what he wanted, they seemed almost disappointed. It did
not seem that exciting a mission as they had originally hoped, but they were
certainly game for it. Apparently, they had spent a majority of their time
doing 'probably' and 'definitely' illegal things during the invasion, and now
that things were quiet they had focused primarily on their private line of
wizarding pranks.

"Diversification, Harry, is the key to good business. Always have something to
fall back on for when you grow mind-numbingly bored."

They negotiated for services, because that was also good business and
apparently part of the fun. Harry had to spend either Christmas Eve (and since
Harry wasn't a Christian he didn't see any reason why he would have to be
somewhere else) or New Years at the Red Weasel and have his picture taken with
the twins. They had already selected a perfect spot behind the bar for their
Shrine to the Lord Chaos, which happened to be directly above the Weasley's
Wizard Wheezes storage space. They felt it would bring them luck.

Business completed, they got down to talking about what was going on in each
others lives and those of their mutual acquaintances. Harry gave them details
of Hogsmeade's destruction and the hall set up to house the refuges, of the
attack on the castle and everyone pulling together, of the prank wars, about
Ginny and Ron's trouble agreeing on how to run the smuggling business, about
Snape's marriage, Hermione's betrothal, and Fleur's eagerness to see Bill.
They told him about the long days and nights during the invasion, of exhausted
refugees stumbling in for a bit of cheer or a sign of a lost family member or
friend, births and birthdays and marriages even when things seemed at their
worst, singing all through the night while knowing they would not have a home
or a job or a loved one to go back to the next day, raiding the remains of the
city or the Italian's supply houses to stock the tavern's larder, of people
too stubborn to leave and too frightened to stay, and vengeance dealt out in
the night on unwary soldiers. They tell him they never felt more proud of
anything they had ever done, but that the tears their mum had cried for them
had never left them feeling more ashamed.

"She won't even come to see the tavern. Even now that it's safe, she won't
come. I don't think she's forgiven us yet. We can't really blame her," Fred
said at length, his perpetual good humor dimming somewhat.

"Have you tried to go and see her?" Harry asked. George shrugged.

"Can't really leave the tavern unsupervised for long. We're understaffed right
now, and it's hard finding people who won't rob you blind when you're not
looking these days. Once we get things where we want them, we'll take a day to
go grovel to her. Maybe if you sent her a letter for us?"

"Er… I wouldn't even know what to say."

"Something about orphans. She's a sucker for orphans."

---

Bobby could feel his sanity slipping. It eroded by tiny fraction each day in
the acidic monotony that defined his captivity, an existence that never
changed and accomplished nothing. The aviary was self sustaining, and it had
been weeks since Voldemort last deigned to taunt him, meaning his sole company
was that of the menagerie of birds that shared his prison. He knew all of them
by sight now and had named each in its turn, but for all his efforts to be
sociable they were still only birds and neither understood nor were interested
in his plight. He prayed often to Raecellos, who could theoretically both
understand and care, but had yet to answer him either.

The only conversations he had anymore are in his head and with the
increasingly absent Dark Lord. The only reason he even knew he was loosing his
grip was because he'd actually started to miss the arrogant bastard. Perhaps
'miss' wasn't quite the word. It was not the man… creature… his tormentor that
he truly wished for, but the anger and resolve that always rose up when ever
Bobby was in his presence.

Despair was the enemy now, and while Voldemort was its face, it lingered even
in his nemesis' absence.

It had been nearly two weeks since he had seen the Dark Lord, which in
addition to leaving him bored to tears it also left him uneasy. This was not
the longest he had gone without seeing the other, but lately they had been
bothering him more and his moods seemed to darken with the weather.

The sky outside was his only indication of the passing seasons, and on this
particular day it was gloomy and wet, leaving the aviary lit in the muted
tones of a faded photograph. Inside, the temperature was constant regardless
of the light, just this side of warm, despite the mood that seemed to demand
it somehow be chilled. Bobby flew laps around the room like he did every day,
keeping his wings and heart strong for when he would at last fly the open
skies again. It was harder today than usual. The light and the warmth made him
want to sit somewhere and sleep, but if he broke the routine he knew something
else inside him would break as well.

On days like this, he was reminded of Shakespeare's Hamlet. He had seen the
play once at a muggle festival in Cantebury, performed in a local park. At the
time, he hadn't cared for it, finding it unbearably depressing. Despite that,
the play remained rooted in his memory nearly twenty years later. The words
always jumbled in his head, but the impressions lingered like a familiar song
whose lyrics had been forgotten.

His melancholy thoughts were suddenly broken by the tell tale squeak of the
door opening. Instinctively, Bobby halted his flights and dived for cover in
the thickly growing vegetation. There was a momentary wave of noise as the
resident birds warned each other of the encroaching company, but it fell away
soon enough. While not all of the birds were or could ever be called 'tame',
they had all become used to their captivity and adjusted to the point of
domestication. All except Bobby, who cautiously hopped and fluttered within
the shadows of the foliage, until he was able to see the visitor.

It wasn't who he was expecting.

Lucius Malfoy stalked into their prison radiating disgust, anger, and
frustration like the reek of alcohol that wafted off of him with equal
strength. In one hand he held his wand and in the other a bottle of…
something. Bobby could probably guess, but he was far more interested in why
the man was there in the first place.

No one *ever* came there except for the Dark Lord. As far as he knew, it
wasn't even possible. But obviously it was, because there was no way this
arrogant wizard could have simply stumbled in. Bobby felt hope swell up inside
of him at this sudden, unexpected deviation. He was half a breath away from
breaking cover and rushing towards the wizard, when the man pointed his wand
at the small table and summarily melted it into a puddle of molten iron.

Bobby immediately came back to himself, his euphoria broken by the harsh,
bitter reality of his situation. Lucius Malfoy was the Dark Lord's right hand.
One of the original Death Eaters and now general to the largest wizarding army
the world had ever known, it was unlikely the wizard would be moved or
motivated to free the imprisoned raven out of the kindness of his heart or a
sense of justice. In fact, if his current behavior was any indication, he
would need to be careful not to simply be blown to pieces by Malfoy in a
drunken fit.

Nevertheless, this had to be a sign. Or at least an opportunity, and Bobby
couldn't let it pass without at least trying to take advantage of it. So he
hung back cautiously, moving among the branches slowly to assess the situation
and try to devise a plan. It didn't take him long to realize Malfoy was
exceptionally drunk. This was… strange. He couldn't claim to know the
pureblood very well or of having any real desire to do so, but from what he
did know the man wasn't an alcoholic or prone to reckless behavior. Self-
possessed and motivated would be the kinder words he would use to describe
him, so the fact that he was behaving so strangely was a sign of something.

He felt a tingling rush of excitement.

Perhaps something have happened to Voldemort? Something that would drive his
second-in-command to imbibe heavily and storm into one of the Dark Lord's
private spaces? It was too much to hope for, and not enough to act on.

So what should he do?

Gather more information.

Lucius had taken a deep swallow from his bottle and was aiming his wand
haphazardly at the chair, when Bobby gathered his nerve to speak.

"I always did hate that thing. It looks about as inviting as an electric
chair."

Lucius swung around, his wand following belatedly.

"Who's there? Show yourself! That's an order," he said, slurring through the
's's and 'f's. Not wanting to land on the chair that was about to be
obliterated and yet knowing he would be entirely missed if he remained in the
trees, Bobby fluttered down to land on the ground a few yards from Lucius'
feet. It was not the ideal position, but if necessary he thought he could duck
for cover in time if he had to.

The wizard barely glanced at him, his eyes instead flitting nervously to the
shadowy greenery beyond.

"Down here."

Lucius glanced down, then up, and then back down again.

"Yes, the short, but devilishly handsome fellow in the front row."

A wand was instantly trained on him.

"Oi! That's extraordinarily rude, you know!"

"Change back," the man demanded.

"Change back? Change back into what?"

"Into a wizard, you fool! I refuse to have this conversation with a bird."

"I'm not an animagus. I can't *change back* into anything."

Lucius looked skeptical. Well, bleary and skeptical.

"Bollocks."

"In case you hadn't noticed, you are in a bird cage."

He looked around, stumbling a bit as his eyes traveled upwards. Seemingly
without thought, he took another swig from his bottle. He closed his eyes and
rubbed his forehead against the glass. Bobby watched, missing nothing.

Something was wrong with the wizard, more than simply being inebriated. His
eyes were shadowed, and his face held the signs of prolonged exhaustion and
pain. Was he ill? Cursed? In either case, he shouldn't be here. Wizarding kind
had a terrible sense of social justice and a severe lack of common sense by
Bobby's estimation, but one of the things they did do well was take care of
their sick and injured. Plagues had nearly wiped out the entire wizarding race
in Europe almost a millennium before, and in the centuries that followed
medical arts and social norms had been honed to razor sharp precision. If
Lucius was suffering from any kind of ailment, and clearly he was, he should
have been home or hospitalized while undergoing treatment. Not wandering
around unsupervised while he 'self-medicated'.

Curious.

This might be the window of opportunity he was looking for.

"You are ill," he pointed out to the other man.

"I've a headache," Lucius replied dismissively.

"Hangover?"

Lucius hissed at him like a cat, then came back to himself and straightened.

"*No*, I am much too drunk for that."

"So you are ill then?" Bobby persisted.

"I have a *headache*," he insisted. "And who wouldn't under these
circumstances? Jesus. I can't work like this. It's ridiculous. I'm talking to
a bird. Jesus H. Christ."

"I shall choose not to take that comment personally. What are these ridiculous
circumstances?"

"Why should I tell you?"

"Why shouldn't you? Who would I tell? The pidgeons?"

Lucius seemed to consider a moment, then decided he had nothing to lose.

"Voldemort is shacking up with the queen of France, leaving me to handle the
army and clean up the fucking mess the Italians left behind. Meanwhile, he has
Lestrange and Crouch frolicking in Germany with their Polish neophytes holding
up the train of their skirts as they go. It's a plot, I tell you. A goddamn
plot to ruin me. He's scared of me. They're all scared of me. They left me to
be run ragged cleaning up their messes so they could get together and figure
out how to get rid of me. Jesus, fuck. They're idiots. Every god damn one of
them… But… Jesus, Jesus… it makes my head hurt."

The rant continued for several more minutes, waxing and waning between intense
paranoia and outlandish claims. Bobby stood motionless, hoping he didn't look
as surprised as he was.

Wow.

This was one sick puppy, and not just in the way Bobby had originally thought.
He was clearly delusional. How had no one noticed yet? Well, obviously
Voldemort was out of the country and therefore couldn't notice, but surely
there were others around, just waiting to jump at the first sign of weakness
Lucius displayed so that they might usurp his position? Then again, who was to
say others hadn't noticed, possibly even orchestrated Lucius degeneration, and
were simply waiting until the man was completely and irrevocably insane or
dead before they made their grab for power?

Bobby certainly wasn't above using it to his advantage.

"You're probably right. That is just the sort of thing the Dark Lord would do.
He's not exactly known for his gratitude towards his supporters. I should
know."

Lucius gave him a look; part curiosity and part skepticism.

"What did he do to you?"

"He locked me in a fucking bird cage!" Bobby said, as if it were obvious.
"This is not my idea of a grand resort, you know?"

Recognition broke through the glazed insanity for a moment.

"Ah. I think I recognize you now. You were there at the battle in the Berlin
Underground. He was carrying you around in a little cage for a few days
afterward."

"Yes, that was me. The entire plan would have fallen through completely if it
hadn't been for me, and did I ever get a thank you for it? No. All I got for
my troubles was a room with no exits."

The wizard was definitely interested now, and Bobby was starting to form the
framework for a plan. All he needed to do was convince Lucius that he could
help him if he agreed to set him free.

"He never did explain exactly what happened. I thought that Potter had just
gone crazy, but the entire thing was just… odd. What did you do exactly?"

"What I always do. I brought everyone together to exactly the right place at
exactly the right time. Even then the dunderhead nearly moxied it all up. I
practically handed him the battle on a silver platter and he barely scraped
by."

Lucius fell into a silent consideration, which seemed to be exceptionally
painful, because he took a particularly long gulp from his bottle. Bobby did
his best to act as if he had done nothing more scandalous than take a sip of
tea, and given crow body language didn't readily translate into human body
language, he thought he did a pretty good job.

"Why?" the wizard finally asked.

"Why what? Why lock me up?"

"Yes."

In his mind, Bobby was practically dancing at the question. It was too
perfectly set up.

"That should be obvious. If I could make things come together for the Dark
Lord, then obviously I could do the same for someone else. I am a very
valuable asset, and not one he wishes to fall into the wrong hands."

Lucius snorted.

"If you're so smart, then why haven't you escaped yet?"

Well, crap. He needed to think fast.

"Why should I tell you that?"

"Why would you tell me any of this?"

"You can't figure it out?"

The wizard frowned, not liking the raven's taunting tone. He didn't come there
to be insulted by a bird. He came to vent. He had received a missive that
morning that Voldemort was remaining in France to organize the fortresses
along the French border and plan several key battles in southern Germany,
leaving Lucius behind to handle not only Britain's defense but several other
projects he had neither the time nor the energy to see to personally. His wife
was sending him notes every day demanding he make time to see her, going so
far as to threaten to send a Howler at him. Likewise, he had been hearing
whispers in the corridors about his appearance, his supposed failure to
perform, parroting Crouch or Lestrange or else sending these messages onto
them in 'secret' reports. Some even had the audacity to suggest he go see a
medi-wizard. Why? So they could leak to the press that he was unfit for duty?

Scavengers, all of them. Just waiting for him to fall so they could tear him
to pieces, looking for the first sign of weakness. Even Stratus was giving him
odd looks these days, as if he were just supposed to smile and let all the
lies and plotting simply roll off his back. Little idiot. He had been in this
game before Stratus was old enough to hold a wand, who was he to judge the
severity of the situation?

And the headaches were only getting worse.

All he had wanted was a little time to himself to vent, preferably not in his
own office where he would then be left stewing in the aftermath and feeding
yet more rumors about his mental state. So he had found one of the Dark Lord's
private rooms, where there would be plenty of time to pick up the mess or else
pass the blame without anyone able to point any fingers. Yet even this simple
endeavor had been compromised by one of the Dark Lord's stranger pets.

He had had enough. He had no intention of putting up with an uppity feather
duster on top of everything else.

Sneering, he turned on his heel to leave, and managed to do so with only a
slight stumble. Behind him he could hear the raven fluttering after him.

"Where are you going?"

"I have better things to do than listen to your sob story," he said.

Bobby wanted very much to point out he waited patiently enough while Lucius
ranted his own lunacy, but wisely held back. He needed a way to stop the
wizard, who was likely his first and only opportunity to escape his prison.
Failing that, he at least needed to create the opportunity for the man to come
back.

"You're dying, you know."

Lucius paused.

"They're killing you. I can see it, clear as day. They're killing you slowly.
If you don't do something soon, you're going to be dead and one of the Dark
Lord's cronies is going to be sitting on top of all your accomplishments. I
can help you prevent that."

There was a long silence that followed, during which neither of them moved or
spoke. Bobby held his breath and let loose a prayer to Raecellos.

*Please, my Lord, let him fall for it.*

Without turning, Lucius spoke, his voice still slurred and thick with
aristocratic condescension. "I don't need help from the likes of you to
prevent that. I was born to play this game."

And then he left, reactivating the wards and leaving Bobby standing alone in
the middle of the floor, mute and devastated as his one last chance at freedom
stumbled out the door.

---

"Do you actually intend to write anything this semester or have you just
decided to start working on your penmanship?"

Ron gritted his teeth in irritation as Hermione's sarcasm needled at his
concentration. He was working on an article right now, and he knew she knew
that, so he thought it particularly stupid of her to ask him that. It seemed
she was looking to start a fight. In fact, lately, it seemed they couldn't be
within a hundred feet of each other without getting into a spat, often over
absolutely nothing. Ron would be the first to admit, he tended to have that
affect on certain people… most people in fact, but Hermione had been the
exception to the rule for some time now. It used to be she was the only person
he really looked forward to seeing during the school day.

Now she was just a constant nag.

"I'm writing now," he bit out.

"About what?"

"When I'm done, I'll show you."

"Like the last article?"

"Yes, just like that one."

"And if I don't like this one either?"

"Then you can pull another snit-fit and not print it," he snapped. He was
still sore about the last article. It had been a quality piece, but this
current incarnation of his editor had nothing but complaints about it.

"Or you could just tell me what it is about and we can save each other both
some wasted time." He could tell she was losing her temper, and part of him
was satisfied about that, but another wondered what the hell was wrong with
the both of them.

"Save you some wasted time, perhaps. But since I already went through all the
interviews and paperwork already, it doesn't save me much of anything. I'll
give it to you when I'm done."

He hadn't looked up from his parchment for the entirety of the conversation,
but it was easy enough to imagine what she looked like. Her tone, her pauses,
her deep calming breaths, and aggravated sighs played out as clearly as those
radio dramas he had listened to as a kid.

"Ron, just tell me."

"Hermione, just wait until I'm done. It'll take half an hour, tops."

"Not in half an hour, *now.*"

He slammed his hands on his desk and stood, knocking his chair over.

"Jesus Christ, Hermione what is your problem? What scruple or moral
sensibility did I shit on this month that's got you all up in my face? Did I
laugh when someone tripped in the hallway or something? Or is this just some
sort of adolescent histrionic phase you're going through?"

Now that he was looking at her directly, he was amazed to find it wasn't anger
or indignation that was staring back at him. It was hurt. Jesus. Had she
really not expected him to snap at her when she was harping on him? Only now
that he had snapped at her, and she was hurt, he felt guilty about it. Maybe
that was her intention.

Or maybe this was her way of turning the rest of the office against him. More
than half the staff was present, working on their next edition, but the room
was deafeningly quiet and all eyes riveted to the fight playing out between
them. He couldn't help but notice that a number of them were glaring at him
accusingly, as if he had some how started this.

Oh, she was a wily one.

"Forget it," he said, tossing the draft in the air and letting tumble to the
floor. "I give up."

He stormed passed her, ignoring her when she called after him. He wasn't her
dog, and he wouldn't be ordered around or manipulated by her. Not when she was
this crazy, and not when he had his own issues to deal with. If that meant he
had to quit the paper, on top of Dueling Club, then that was what he would
have to do. When he was well again, he could worry about extracurricular
activities.

And solving the mystery that was Hermione Granger.

Maybe she had been fooling around with Dark Arts when no one was looking too.

Maybe Potter would know. Thinking of the Gryffindor brought about another wave
of frustration. They had never been friends, and likely never would, but Ron
knew he owed the other. A 'Life Debt' if he other boy ever asked for it, but
he doubted he ever would. It didn't mean he wouldn't owe him, it just meant he
was left to his own discretion on how to pay him back.

Assuming Potter was able to keep up on his end of their plan.

Homework was unappealing and having already delivered the latest round of
smuggled packages that morning, he decided to hunt down his business partner
and co-conspirator. He checked the library, the Gryffindor dorms, and the
greenhouse, but came up empty. No one else seemed to know where he was either,
which might mean he was in Yugoslavia for all he knew. Locating charms didn't
work on Harry either. He was either charmed against him, no where near, or in
a warded room.

He decided to assume he was in a warded room and work from there. There were
over twenty in Hogwarts, but Ron only knew where four of them were and only
one Potter would have any business going to.

The Hogwart's Art Studio was warded against thieves and vandals. Professor
Rollings was an eccentric and known for being somewhat paranoid about her
students and their pieces regardless of their quality or lack there of. For
years she had banned anyone who wasn't an art student from the studio,
including other professors, but eventually she had been forced to open her
doors to the rest of the school body and left to rely on more conservative
protection. Ron had done an article on her last year, and Hermione had forced
him to re-write it three times until the woman hadn't sounded like a complete
and utter quack.

His investigative instincts proved to be spot on, and sure enough he found
Potter alone in the art room. He was seated towards the center of the room
with a large sketchpad and charcoal pencil, drawing sketches of a falcon
seated on a perch. The falcon was wearing a hood to keep it calm, but it still
fidgeted on its post anxiously, eager to spread its wings.

"How did you find me?" Potter said, not bothering to look towards him.

"I'm a reporter. Nowhere is safe."

That actually earned him something resembling a smile. The world must have
gone mad, Ron decided. He was fighting with Hermione and making jokes with
Potter. Maybe the curse was starting to affect his mind.

"What is it you wanted? I told you before it would be a few days before the
book should arrive. We won't be able to finish this until Friday or Saturday
at best."

Friday or Saturday, this could all be over, and he felt a distinct thrill at
the prospect. He had been living on borrowed time for so long it felt almost
novel to own it again.

"It's not about that. I wanted to ask you something."

"Fine. I can't promise I'll answer though."

"Why is Hermione crazy?"

Harry paused, and looked back at him as if he were the crazy one and therefore
couldn't be trusted to stand behind him.

"I'm serious. Is there something going on with her? Is she on any kind of
potions I should know about?"

"Why are you asking?"

"I don't know, because she's gone crazy?"

"I haven't noticed anything odd."

"Well, you're not the one she's harping on all the time. She's been nagging me
about stupid shit for weeks, and I finally just snapped at her today and she
acts all hurt or something. I mean, what the hell?"

"Perhaps you're the crazy one, especially if you expect me to side with you on
this."

"Fine, don't side with me, but at least explain it in non-crazy terms that I
can understand."

Harry rolled his eyes and returned to his sketch.

"You're an idiot."

Ron had gotten over the Gryffindor calling him that a while ago. He said it
almost every time they spoke, so it had gradually become a standard segment of
their conversations that fell somewhere between the greeting and goodbye.

"Then explain it in idiot terms."

Potter let out a sigh of long suffering.

"What did you expect her to act like? I mean, she's under a lot of stress, and
it doesn't help that you- a guy she's actually gone on a date with and who has
shown some interest in her- doesn't seem to give a damn one way or another. I
mean, if I didn't know about the curse… and remember she doesn't… I would have
come to the conclusion that you threw her away as soon as you found out she
was betrothed."

There was a long silence after this, which Harry used to add some finishing
details to his sketch. The silence stretched, however, until it became
unusually long and he turned around to see if Ron was even still there.

He was.

And he looked like he had been hit with a stunner.

"Weasley?"

"Hermione's betrothed?"

Harry just looked at him.

"You are such an idiot."

~ Author's Notes~

[^122-1]: A certificary is the wizarding equivalent of a check, but is typically
only used when dealing with large sums of money no one would carry around on
their person and only with official business since it leaves a clear record of
the transaction. Unlike money, it can't be stolen before it is cashed,
although they can be faked (just not when being cashed since goblins can spot
fakes a mile off).

[^122-2]: If you're wondering if that display case of Italian insignia means what
you think it does, then, yes, the Weasley brothers did assassinate Italians.
They were fighters in canon despite their playfulness, so they're definitely
fighters here too.
