# Chapter 120

Harry did not see Snape for the rest of September, except during the
occasional dinner in the Great Hall or in passing through corridors. Ira was
even scarcer, although she was rumored to be staying in her husband's
quarters. Not a word passed between them, and he was torn between relief and
guilt as the silence continued into early October.

*My child is dead. Are you happy now?*

Those were the words that haunted him when ever his thoughts turned to them;
so he spent as much of his time finding ways of *not* thinking about the
Snape-family-that-wasn't. That was easy enough during the day, when his
schedule was packed and everyone was vying for a bit of his time and
attention, but at night it only made things worse. He was painfully aware that
he still didn't care about the baby. The baby wasn't and never had been real.
It was only an idea, a phantasm at best, driving two of the few people he
cared for into a deep despair. Sometimes he hated it, wished it had never
existed in the first place, and knew he could never look Snape or Ira in the
eye with that feeling in his heart.

"You should visit Ira sometime this weekend," Hermione said during Saturday
breakfast, looking at him with some disapproval as he kept his eyes trained on
his plate.

She didn't understand his reluctance, although she tried, but in the end she
had too much empathy for Ira to understand why Harry, who was closer to the
woman than she was, couldn't bring himself to see her. He made a noncommittal
sound, and pushed his eggs around on his plate. A heavy sigh informed him that
she wad disappointed, but not surprised, and was leaving it alone… for now.
And only because the weekly post had arrived.

Packages were still forbidden in the school without a special request, but
Snape had setup a system that would allow letters (all very carefully screened
before being passed on) to be received. It was a hassle, usually took almost
two weeks longer than normal, but it was better then nothing. Harry hadn't
received anything yet, but then his mail had considerably more security on it
than most and there were few who would or could send him anything at all. It
didn't mean he was any less eager than everyone else to see if anyone had sent
him something.

Pansy Parkinson was in charge of handing out the mail that morning, and was
displaying a rather ridiculous amount of glee in calling out (and occasionally
butchering) names and forcing everyone to get out of their seats and come to
her. Harry also noticed that sometimes she would find a name and
surreptitiously shuffle it to the bottom of the stack. Several students were
getting angry, but the teachers were seemingly oblivious.

Harry considered chucking a muffin at her.

Then she called his name. Perhaps a little more surprised than he ought to be,
he hurried to retrieve the letter, notable in that the parchment was finest
white with inlaid vines and seal in dark purple wax. It was markedly different
from the usual wizarding parchment, which was naturally tallow and stiff and
looked ancient no matter how fresh. He knew its source immediately, and
judging by the whispering that followed him back to his seat, he imagined the
school would soon figure it out as well.

Hermione, who had been pointedly *not* gawking, turned to look when he finally
sat down and gave a small gasping sound.

"Is that from..?"

"Queen Ophelia? Yes, or at least from someone in her court."

The seal to the letter was royal purple wax with Her Majesty's private crest,
a lion above set of crossed swords encircled in vicious thorns. A very fierce
crest, Harry thought, for such a refined woman. He pressed his thumb over the
seal, winced as he felt the magic prick him and droplets of his blood filled
the indented surfaces. The wax turned red, and then burned away to allow the
contents of the letter to unfold. For one slightly panicky moment, he was
afraid it would be in French, but luckily Her Majesty was as fine at writing
English as she was at speaking it. He read the contents quickly, Hermione
looking at him anxiously.

After minute or two, he refolded it.

"She's invited me to a costume ball later this month," he explained.

Her brow puckered in confusion.

"She says she's looking forward to talking to me. Don't worry, it's a subtle
way of saying she'll hear me out. Don't tell me Lucius doesn't disguise
business as pleasure sometimes?"

"Oh, when you say it like that, it makes more sense. For a moment, I really
thought she had confused your visit as social."

He smiled at her.

"Who says it isn't? I'm sure she'll have me playing nice with all the court
dandies while I'm there."

"Court dandies?" she said, clearly amused at the description.

"That's what Snape calls them, anyway."

"You'll have to talk to him about going as soon as possible. He'll need to
plan to clear his schedule. While you're at it, you should go see Ira."

He grimaced. Asking Snape for a favor, one that took him away from his many
responsibilities and would force them to be in close contact for a long period
of time, was the very last thing he wanted to do. There had to be an
alternative.

"No, he's way too busy. I'll tell him, of course, but I'll ask for one of the
teachers or something to accompany me."

"You're dodging."

"Shamelessly, but it doesn't make it untrue. He wouldn't want to go and he is
needed at the school. McGonagall might do it."

Hermione shook her head.

"She's Deputy Headmistress, Head of Gryffindor House, and full-time teacher.
You think she's any less busy?"

Harry smiled. "Well, I'll just have to find out. If anything, she might know
one of the other teachers who would be available."

She continued to give him disappointed stares throughout the morning, but did
not try to force the issue any further. He was under enough stress without her
pestering him about his pseudo-familial relationships. She even helped him
track down McGonagall, who Hermione knew from her duties as prefect was always
to be found in the teacher's private study on Saturday mornings. The private
study, like the staff break room, was off limits to student use and dedicated
solely for teacher's private research. It was not heavily used, but there were
still a handful of staff that pursued a private self education and/or
participated in scholarly research that they submitted in high end magical
research journals. McGonagall was one of these teachers.

The study entrance was a large oaken door guarded by a pair of miniature stone
dragons that snapped at them as they drew near. Hermione boldly leaned forward
and spoke directly into the open mouth of one of the hissing serpents.

"Granger and Potter to see Professor McGonagall please."

For almost a minute the dragons just continued to hiss and snap at them, but
finally they settled back, and the door opened a little of its own accord.
They moved inside. The study reminded Harry of a cross between the
Headmaster's office, the school library, and the Dueling Hall. The room was
circular, with a high ceiling and books filling every nook and cranny not
occupied by a window, the large fire place, or the occasional chart or
diagram. A fire was burning cheerily, casting a warm glow against the polished
oak and maple woodwork; ivy engraved bookshelves, four round tables with the
constellations of each season, and the floorboards that glowed red wherever
you stepped for just a second or two. There was an alcove to the left of the
fire place, lined in glittering black stone, and all but empty except for a
very battered looking practice dummy. It must have been where the teachers
experimented.

Harry instantly loved the room. Not only was it infused with magic, but the
feelings of those who had come searching for answers. It was filled with the
emotions of frustration, frenzy, terror, hope, elation, awe, and pure joy.
Those who used this room had loved magic for magic's sake.

"It's magnificent, isn't it?" Hermione whispered to him, smiling knowingly as
he ogled every detail of the room. "It feels like the answers to the universe
are hidden somewhere inside of it."

"If only," McGonagall said. She was sitting at one of the circular tables, a
small pile of books with note cards sticking out of them resting beside her.
Harry could clearly see Pegasus, Andromeda, and Pisces so she must have been
sitting at the autumn table. "Now what can I do for you? Mr. Potter being
here, I'll assume it is not related to your prefect duties."

Hermione shook her head and nudge her friend forward. He felt suddenly and
uncharacteristically shy facing the formidable witch. His relationship with
her was very different than that of other Gryffindors. Despite being sorted
into her house, she had never been his ultimate authority. Even before he was
headmaster, Snape had been his overseer and academic confidant, and between
him and the Dark Lord pulling him out of school regularly and his many
outrageous stunts he had always felt a little guilty around her. Certainly,
she never would have tolerated even half of the things that he had done if she
had any say in the matter. He worked extra hard in her class to show how much
he respected her and that he took his schooling seriously, but he didn't know
if she picked up on it.

"Er…ah… I…" he stammered. McGonagall's expression became concerned.

"Heavens, child, are you alright? Has something happened?"

He shook his head, and tried to recollect himself. He was being stupid. She
was a teacher, not the commander of the German army.

"No, I… just… I wanted to ask a favor of you, and I don't know quite were to
start."

McGonagall looked skeptical.

"What kind of a favor? You know I can't show you any preferential treatment. I
don't condone blatant favoritism by teachers for students."

Harry wondered if this actually counted as preferential or not. Snape hadn't
seemed to think so, but that man was… well…*Snape*.

"I don't think it is. I…uh… I'm going… I mean I've been invited to Paris. By
her Majesty. It's a sort of diplomacy thing. Lord Voldemort helped set it up.
Um… anyway, I'm supposed to go in the third week of October, but I need a
chaperone so… I was wondering if… um… you could take me?"

McGonagall just stared at him.

"… or if you could recommend someone else if you'd rather not."

She frowned slightly.

"… or I could find someone else myself."

"Calm down, Mr. Potter. You just caught me off guard," she said, taking off
her glasses and setting them atop her pile of books. "I would have thought
Headmaster Snape would be the one to escort you, however, I can see why under
the circumstances you would not want to take him so far from home."

Harry tensed. Did McGonagall know about Ira and the baby? So far the matter
had been kept very 'hush, hush', with no one outside of Harry, Snape's
godchildren, and Madam Pomfrey knew what had happened. They were, after all,
the only ones who knew Ira had been pregnant in the first place. Or so he had
thought. Had Snape told McGonagall or had she found out by some other means?
He didn't think they were that close, but then he couldn't say he knew much of
what either did outside of the classroom and potion's lab.

Or maybe she was just referring to his new job taking up so much of his time
and his guilty conscience was playing tricks on him.

"Er… yeah. He's really busy, so I thought I should ask someone else first."

She nodded.

"I'm flattered that you thought of me as your first alternative," she said
with a touch of irony.

"Well, you are my Head of House."

"I am? I'm surprised you remember."

He looked away. Hermione, however, wasn't so cowed.

"Professor, that's not fair and you know it."

McGonagall sighed. "You are correct, Miss Granger. I apologize, Mr. Potter.
Your situation is unique and I have no right to criticize you for it.
Antagonism is a far worse offense than favoritism. However, in this case, I
really can't help you. The former Headmistress," and here there was a very
obvious sneer neither of them had seen on her before, "was not known for her
organizational skills. I have been busy, and will continue to be busy for some
time yet helping the Headmaster put everything in order."

"Oh, okay. I understand. Er… if there is anything I can do…"

"You can help Professor Vector with one of her research projects."

"Huh? I don't… how did you…"

McGonagall favored him with a cat-like smile.

"You know she isn't just asking you to build up her own reputation. Her
teaching contract requires she publish something at least once a year if she
hopes to obtain tenure. So do all of the full-time teaching staff, even though
things have been lax since Lestrange" sneer #2 was even more prominent than
the first "took over. Now we're at risk of losing some of our Court funding if
we don't start meeting our publishing quota, especially with funding being so
tight because of the war. Hence, why I'm stuck in here making up for papers
*other* professors should have done on top of everything else. Two or three
papers from her end would be truly helpful."

Well, damn it. Him and his big mouth.

"Er… yeah, okay. I'll see what I can do," he said, reluctantly.

"I'll help too," Hermione said with genuine enthusiasm. Sometimes he wanted to
slap his best friend. He really, really did.

"Very good. As for going to Paris… I would recommend Professor Slughorn. He's
quite fluent in French and would love the opportunity."

Harry tried to hide his disappointment, and thanked her accordingly. He talked
with Hermione about other options as they made their way to the library, but
every suggestion was quickly shot down. Professor Flitwick was notoriously
busy *all* the time arranging intellectual and academic activities to keep
Ravenclaw suitably stimulated, Professor Sprout didn't speak French and would
look like a turnip in a rose garden at a ball, Professor Toure was too
defensive and would demand a duel at the first perceived insult to Britain or
Lord Voldemort, Sinistra was a notorious flirt, Vector was too high strung,
and Lockhart…no, just…no. That left Slughorn as the most reasonable
alternative, and really there wasn't any particular reason Harry should have
been reluctant to take him along. He got along with the man well enough, even
if he was trying to avoid being 'collected' like so many others of his
acquaintance.

As predicted, when Harry went to see him that afternoon, he was delighted by
the invitation. Only his foresight in keeping Hermione firmly between them at
all times kept him from being *hugged*. Even so, he was forced to spend nearly
an hour explaining everything he knew and guessing a great deal that he didn't
about the party, the Queen, the other guests, and his general reputation
amongst the French court. Then *another *hour being lectured on court decorum,
the art of talking about politics, intellectualism, and small talk, how to
politely accept and refuse invitations, and rather embarrassingly how to flirt
and be flirted with in an acceptable manner (apparently it was expected that
he flirt with absolutely every woman there since he was young and single or
they'd be insulted if he didn't, but he could only take it so far depending on
whether they were married, engaged/betrothed, single, and/or he was seriously
pursuing them ). It was far more invasive a process than he really wanted to
go through, but if nothing else he could at least count on Slughorn to keep
him from committing a social faux pas.

With the potions professor's enthusiastic participation assured, Harry was
left with one more less than enviable task. He needed to talk to Snape.

"We should go now before dinner," Hermione said, impatiently. They had study
plans for this weekend, and so far those had flown out the window and she
wasn't happy about it. She wanted the travel arrangements out of the way so
they could relax and look to something that wasn't related to her own marital
woes.

"No, I should request a meeting first. He always gets annoyed when I just show
up. You know, I could probably just make my request in a note. It would save
time for the both of us."

Hermione spun him around so they were looking face to face..

"What is with you lately, Harry? I know you've been anxious since… you know,
but you can't keep treating your guardians like they've got the plague. Don't
you remember how upset you were when your godfathers didn't visit when you
were sick? How do you think Ira must feel after what happened and now you
won't even go see her?"

Her words stung. More so because he knew she was right. He was being selfish
and cowardly, and the longer he waited the worse things seemed to get. But he
didn't know what to say to either them. More than anything, he was afraid he
would make it worse. Probably had made it worse by not visiting sooner like
Hermione insisted, and done irreparable damage to his relationship with Ira.
He still wasn't sure what his standing with Snape was, but the man obviously
hadn't wanted to see him. He hadn't gone to their weekly meeting since 'it'
happened, and hadn't been called in either. Whether it was antipathy or apathy
that spurred this negligence, he didn't know and didn't want to find out.

"I… I'm scared, okay?" he said finally. "They're… they're like… parents." Like
family. "If they're broken… what am I supposed to do?" Who will look after me?

Her expression softened as she took in his genuine uncertainty.

"Oh, Harry… is that what you're worried about? That you have to fix this?"

No. Yes. Maybe. The situation was way beyond his skill and understanding, and
Snape probably wouldn't have appreciated his interference to begin with. But
at the same time, he didn't know how to approach them without knowing how he
could possible help or at the very least not make things worse. Would his
sympathy be a comfort or an aggravation? If they made a request of him, would
be able to fulfill it? Could he deny them anything right now?

"It's not your job to fix everything, Harry. You're a friend, not a miracle
worker. Come on, you've put this off too long already. Let's go see, Ira."

She took his hand and started towards another section of the dungeons. He
resisted for a moment, still afraid on some level that this was going to be
painful, but eventually he surrendered. This was something that needed to be
done, and it seemed he was only going to be able to do so with her help. That
was oddly appropriate.

Snape's position afforded him the headmaster's suite closer to his office, but
the man hadn't wanted to abandon his private potion's lab and had kept his
quarters in the dungeons. Not exactly the most accessible location, but the
man didn't seem to care whether sociability marked his career as Headmaster or
not. Although they lived in the dungeons, most Slytherins did not spend their
free time there and the corridors were all but deserted this late in the
afternoon. A good thing, because favor or no, he really didn't want anyone
seeing Hermione leading him around by the hand like an errant child.

They reached the tapestry that marked Snape's rooms. There was a bell beside
the tapestry that had not been there previously, and Harry cautiously pulled
the rope beside it. It gave a cheery little ring that seemed incongruous to
the shadowy hallway.

After a moment, a thin hand reached out to pull the tapestry aside. Ira stood
in the door, looking pale and thin and tired, but otherwise just as he
remembered her. She looked startled to see them, but after a moment she
smiled. It was as tired as the rest of her, but genuine. He felt some of his
anxiety dissipate.

"Harry, Hermione, come inside. It's good to see you both."

She moved aside to let them through, and they stepped into the living room. It
was very similar to how Harry remembered it, masculine and den-like, but there
were a few feminine touches now. Several dozen decorative sconces of amber
colored glass lined the bare walls; a pair of overstuffed violet throw pillows
lay on the sofa, and an elegant lamp Harry recognized as a souvenir from
France graced the end table beside the reading chair. A gramophone stood just
outside the kitchen nook playing some sort of opera. Ira turned it off as she
led them into the kitchen.

"I'm afraid you missed Serverus, and he won't be back until after dinner. He's
so busy these days. I hope you'll stay for a cup of tea, though," she said, a
touch of desperation in her voice.

"Uh, yeah, that would be great," he rushed to assure her. "We came to see you,
actually."

She looked genuinely surprised, and he felt like a complete slug.

"Really?"

"Absolutely," Hermione said. "We meant to visit much sooner, but…"

She shot Harry a pointed look. Less than a slug. He was slug slime trail. Ira
smiled in understanding and turned back to her cupboard to find a kettle.

"I understand. No one really seems to know how to respond. It's okay, though.
It was a… shock, but… Madam Pomfrey says these sorts of things happen all the
time, especially when the mother is older. The infection could have happened
regardless of my age*. It was just bad luck."

Her tone was light, but Harry couldn't help but notice that she didn't turn to
face them as she spoke and her movements seemed oddly jerky.

"Oh," Hermione said. "That's…unfortunate. But you're okay?"

Ira turned and sat her self at the table, still smiling but it was strained.

"I'm fine. Madam Pomfrey says I should be able to try again at anytime, but…
we decided to put it off for a while. Severus is so busy and this house
hunting we've been doing has caused us both so much stress. We're just going
to take it easy for a while. Maybe in the spring when things have settled a
bit."

"Yeah, you guys shouldn't rush it. You're health is important," Harry offered,
lamely. "Um… so are you going to stay at the castle until then? It's a neat
place, but it starts to feel claustrophobic after a while. Especially, down
here in the dungeons."

Ira's smile became a bit more genuine.

"I like it down here. It feels very safe. There's an enchanted window in the
bedroom that lets me look out into the lake. I can spend all day just sitting
there and watching the fish swim around. I've even seen the giant squid a
couple of times."

"Really?" Hermione said. "What about merpeople?"

"And Grindylows?" he asked.

"Only at a distance. They don't seem to like to come too close to the castle.
Maybe it's just too close to the shore. But there are a lot of other things
you wouldn't think of. Otters, diving winnows*, eels, fresh water hydras*,
turtles, some beavers… all sorts of things. I'm thinking about doing a survey
of the lake wildlife. Severus says there hasn't been one done in over two
hundred years. Who knows what's come and gone since then? It would give me
something to do."

"I haven't seen you around-"

The kettle on the stove began to whistle, cutting of Harry's response.

"I hope you still like Earl Grey. I'm afraid it's all we have right now."

"Earl Grey's fine."

In fact, if he never drank anything *other* than Earl Grey tea for the rest of
his life, he would be perfectly fine with that after what he went through with
the animagus tea. She went about preparing it for them, and Harry continued.

"I haven't seen you around the castle. I don't think anyone else even knows
you're here."

"Ah. Well, I admit I haven't felt like going out much. I like it down here in
Severus' quarters, but everywhere else? I feel out of place. Everybody stares
at me, wondering what I'm doing there. Even the portraits and the ghosts.
Although, Sir Nicholas was very charming."

Hermione smiled.

"Well, you are being *very* mysterious. Of course, they're wondering about
you."

"Mysterious?" she asked, confused.

Hermione shot a quick glance at Harry, before nodding at Ira. It took a
moment, but he caught on.

"Oh, yes. Very mysterious. I mean, there are all sorts of silly rumors about
the *mysterious* Ira Snape floating around the castle. Half the school is
convinced you don't really exist and the other half that you're actually a
vampire or a …a… banshee. Oh, don't look so alarmed. The first years have the
same rumors about Snape. I was described as several unfortunate things during
my first year."

Ira was looking distinctly alarmed. Hermione kicked him under the chair.

"Ow! Um…I mean… it's just a Hogwarts tradition. Everyone makes up all sorts of
stories until they get to know you. Honestly, there's no harm in it."

Until the local boys try to sacrifice you to werewolves in an abandoned field
that is. Seriously, though, who would do that *twice*?

"What an odd tradition," Ira said, somewhat skeptical.

"You should come out with us sometime," Hermione offered. "We could show you
around, introduce you to some people. I think you'd really like a lot of the
professors and even some of the students. It would be a lot easier without the
headmaster standing over your shoulder."

She still looked uncertain, and he felt Hermione nudge his foot to help her
out.

"Why don't you come to the Dueling Club placement tryouts Friday evening?
Everyone except the First Year will be competing for their new rank. We've
gotten really popular, so half the school is likely to show up. It's something
of a circus, but a lot of fun. Hermione, Draco, and I will all be there so you
won't be alone. Please?"

The 'please' seemed to be what did her in.

"Alright."

The continued to talk for sometime, keeping the conversation light and simple,
and slowly Ira seemed to unwind. Harry could see she had been terribly lonely,
and she was still suffering from an insecurity that he could not find the
source of. The matter of the unborn child hung over their every word and both
parties avoided the topic very carefully, but he wasn't sure if that was good
or bad.

What did Ira really need right now? Did she need to be distracted or to vent?
Did she think they didn't care because they refused to talk about it? Would
she become upset with them if they did?

He didn't know, so all he did was follow Hermione's lead. If nothing else, at
least they were having some success in getting her out of the dungeons.
Perhaps the elephant in the room could be addressed after the rift of Harry's
absence had healed. He wasn't looking forward to it, but it was the way thing
needed… should be.

It was nearing dinner time, and Hermione was trying to convince Ira to come up
to the great hall to eat, when the siren went off. Caught off guard, Hermione
dropped her tea cup and Harry's followed after when he jumped to his feet. The
low, booming call echoed through the castle muffled the shattering of
porcelain before settling into a softer, but no less persistent drone.

"Are we having a drill?" Hermione shouted over the siren.

Harry turned to Ira, who even in the dim lighting he could clearly see the
telltale widening of her eyes and the hitch in her breathing.

"It's not a drill," he said with certainty. "Come on, Hermione, we need to get
to our posts. Ira, do you know your post? Ira? *IRA!*"

She jumped, and then shook her head.

"N-no, I… we never…"

"Alright, then here's what I want you to do. Follow us out to the stairwell. I
want you to supervise the younger students as they come down the stairs. Make
sure they don't panic and start pushing each other down the steps, okay? They
know where they need to go. Slughorn will follow after they're all down and
you can help him look after them from there. Come on, we need to hurry."

Ira floundered for a moment, but soon followed after them as they moved
swiftly out of the rooms and into the hallway. It took less than half a minute
to reach the stairwell, and already young students were starting to hurry down
the steps while older students rushed upwards. They left Ira half way up the
stairs to oversee that everyone go up and down safely, then continued on. The
older students moved easily and purposefully, having not only the two drills
last September but several of the drills the year before, but the first years
were panicky and Harry snarled at several of them to *stop pushing each other*
as they passed them.

Slughorn was at the top of the stairs, speedily counting and reciting the name
of every child (he had a definite skill for remembering names and faces that
made him ideal for this job) that passed him on the way down. Somewhere the
names were being checked off a list and would be reviewed to account for all
of the first year students.

That was not Harry and Hermione's concern for the moment. As sixth year
students, and members of the Senior Dueling Club, they were station in
secondary defense positions around the school. Primary defense involved the
Sentinels and teachers stationed at the most vulnerable entry points of the
school or else supervising the movement of their defenses and the enemy. They
found the main level of the castle a well organized chaos. Over the drone of
the sirens, came Snape's clipped, dulcet voice reciting the familiar
instructions to take their positions, to remain calm, what to do if they
encountered the enemy, all delivered with a icy determination.

Harry didn't even attempt to look for him. He knew he would be at the front
entrance, the most vulnerable entry point into the castle, and that was not
his station. He hurried towards the astronomy tower, the third most vulnerable
point into the castle after the courtyard, passing small teams of increasingly
older students posted at various points in the corridors and hallways.
Hermione disappeared at some point, but she had her own section to guard on
the second floor, and he could only spare a moment to worry about her before
continuing on. He just made it to the foot of the main stairwell when an
explosion shook the castle, sending down dust from above and rattling the
portraits on the wall.

A group of fourth years he recognized from dueling club were stationed at the
bottom of the stairs, looking upwards with growing anxiety. One of them
spotted Harry.

"You're late, Potter! Hurry it up so we can rig the stairs!" Eliza Merryton
demanded anxiously.

"Calm yourself, madam. The enemy has not breeched the primary defenses," a
sailor in a bicorne hat said stoically from a nearby painting. Harry the
portrait's knowledge of the matter. The school portraits were intimately
linked to the defense of the castle, and knew what they were talking about.

"Thank you, captain," Harry called as he rushed the stairs, taking them three
at a time. The staircases were blessedly still, but soon they would be rigged
to move so that they would lead absolutely nowhere in order to stall the
enemy. The students stuck on the upper floors would be trapped or else left
dependent on the secret passageways.

He was sweating heavily and near out of break by the time he reached the
fourth floor, but not about ready to stop. It was only a little further to his
post and sure enough there were half a dozen sixth and seventh year Duel Club
members lingering anxiously at the entrance to the astronomy tower.

Angelina Johnson scowled at him as he hurried up.

"You're late."

"I was in the dungeon when the alarm went off. What's happening?"

"The attack started at the gatehouse. I think they may have taken out the
Sentinels, but one of them was able to raise the alarm and the portcullis was
already shut for the evening, so luckily nobody got through. We could hear it
all from the Great Hall, and the next thing we knew the sirens were going
off."

"Who's attacking?"

"Does it matter? All them bastards want us dead."

True enough.

"How many?"

"Don't know. You want to stick your head out a window and find out?"

Perhaps it was the adrenaline, but Harry found himself laughing at that.
Everyone looked at him as if he were crazy.

"Don't look so serious," he said. "We're ready for them. They're not taking
this castle unless we let them. Are Flitwick and Vector already up in the
tower?"

His confidence seemed to ease the others, although Angelina seemed even more
annoyed than before.

"Yeah, they're there. I haven't heard anything from them yet," she replied
reluctantly.

Harry nodded.

"Good, that means the castle defenses are holding without their help. So, what
was for dinner?" he asked cheerily, although he kept one eye on the doorway to
the tower and his wand in hand.

"Potter, this really isn't the time."

"Why not? I want to know what I have to look forward to. We're all going to be
starved when this is all over."

There a tense silence for a moment, and then one of the sixth year boys
answered softly.

"Liver and onions."

"Egh. I guess I'm not missing anything after all."

A few of them chuckled, and Angelina rolled her eyes.

"Honestly, Potter, can't you take this a little more seriously? I would have
thought you, of all people, would understand the gravity of the situation!"

He grinned at her, but it wasn't in anyway pleasant or friendly. His tone was
light and teasing, but his eyes seemed to glow with a tightly controlled rage.

"I am taking this situation seriously. Deadly serious. I know a dozen lethal
curses off the top of my head, and if anyone comes through that door who isn't
Flitwick or Vector, you'll get to see them. Until then, however, you all need
to calm down or you're likely to cause an accident."

She graced him with an irritated scowl, but turned her attention back to the
door. He was right. Out of everyone there he was the one she should least be
concerned about. His wand was steady in his hand, and for all his odd humor he
always kept at least one eye or ear on the entryway. Potter had been in real
battles. Bloody, vicious, deadly battles. He had *killed*. He had *won.*

For all her nervous agitation, Angelina couldn't think of anyone else she
would rather have at her side in this moment.

---

The attack had been a mixed success, which to Mandalari meant it had also been
a failure. A salvageable failure, but a failure nonetheless. The village had
been a ridiculously easy target. Most of the buildings there were new and held
little of the magical protection that came from generations of protective
wards and blood magic associated with ancestral homes and businesses. Within
minutes it was burning like a bonfire, and the people were fleeing in terror.
Mandalari did not allow his troops to linger.

Hogsmeade was not their primary target, and as defenseless as it was, it would
be simple enough to return and finish up later. He quickly turned their sights
to the distant castle on the hill, silhouetted by rapidly fading sunlight. It
was truly something to behold, even he had to admit that. A monument to more
savage times, it stood apart and yet a part of the rocky Scottish hills, a
thousand torches and glowing windows lending it the illusion of aliveness. The
walls were thick and gray, but the mottled stones and the slope and curve of
the design was distinctly organic. It reminded Mandalari of an enormous
dragon, curled asleep around a mountain.

He moved his soldiers in fast and low, hoping to catch the guards at the gate
by surprise, but they had already been alerted by the rising smoke in the
village below and were raising the draw bridge, sealing the primary entrance.
His men managed to take out the two Sentinels at the gatehouse, but were too
late to prevent the activation of the castle defenses.

It all went down hill from there.

Mandalari had expected more difficulty with the castle than with the village.
It was a castle after all, and it had a reputation for being well protected.
It was still a school, however, and he had not anticipated the level of
resistance his troops had encountered. He had nearly a hundred men, and yet
even attacking simultaneously, they had could not breech it. The doors were
all sealed and glass windows would not break. Within in moments, the castle's
exterior defenses came alive.

Stone gargoyles leapt from their perches to fly after the Aurors, a single
swipe from their massive claws enough to knock any of them out of the air.
Luckily, they were slow and clumsy, and their brooms were more than capable of
outmaneuvering them, but it made it impossible to stay in any one spot for a
coordinated attack. They wasted several precious minutes blasting the
creatures into dust, before they could renew their assault and in the interim
the castle occupants had taken up offensive positions.

Hexes and curses whizzed through the air, catching the unwary and the
reckless, forcing them to pull back where ever they had begun to make
progress. There was no one to aim their retaliation against, as most of the
curses came through the arrowslits* in the sides walls. Mandalari ordered his
men to scattered, to draw their fire power and exhaust them, while he circled
and looked for weaknesses. Nothing immediately came to his attention, and
everywhere he looked the defenses, whether they were from the witches and
wizards inside or the castle itself, were solid and unyielding. Flying low as
he passed over the lake nearly spelled his end when several enormous tentacles
shot out of the air, nearly knocking him from his broom and dragging him into
the brackish waters below.

There was no way inside, and having encountered more resistance than he had
anticipated at the exterior, he wasn't sure they were at all prepared to face
the defenses that lay within. As things stood, they could not, and would not
take the castle this night. Angry and frustrated, Mandalari order one last
volley of blasting curses against whatever even remotely vulnerable structure
they could find, and then ordered the retreat.

Clay roof tiles, exposed blocks, decorative plaster, banners, and wooden
hoardings* shattered, raining down debris into the empty stone walkways and
courtyard, but the main structures held without so much as a quiver, the
damage completely superficial.

From start to finish, it took less than thirty minutes and cost him nearly
twenty men.

They pulled back to Hogsmeade, but the village was little more than cinders
and the people already fled. By now Voldemort's army had been alerted to the
attack and had mobilized, meaning if they stayed there would be more intense
fighting with little more accomplished than they already had. He ordered their
final retreat for London, and apparated out of there.

When they all reappeared Mandalari knew something was wrong. They were not in
their intended drop zone, but what looked like a long lake or wide river
surrounded by a large park*. In the distance, he could identify several
distinctive pieces of London's modern muggle architecture, but he did not
recognize his location or its position in relation to wizarding London. He
turned to shout orders to his men-

"Def-"

And gave away his rank to the enemy descending on all sides. The curse caught
him cleanly in the arm, knocking him from his broom and into one of his
soldiers. They tumbled down into the cold dark waters beneath. The first
casualties of this newest battle, they were soon joined by their comrades,
falling one after the other as two hundred the thirty-six Culties, lead by Lt.
Commander Stratus descended upon them like wolves and slaughtered them down to
the last man.

From start to finish, it took less than four minutes and cost every Italian
witch and wizard there their lives.

All except one.

---

Voldemort came to Hogwarts at first light the day after the attack, but
already the castle was swarming with activity. Sentinels and Culties scoured
the surrounding countryside and the nearby lake for the dead and wounded
enemy. Lucius oversaw the process from a position atop a small hill, tired and
fierce and stoically silent. Several teachers were out as well, inspecting the
damage to the castle structure and defenses. Along the open walkways, groups
of students were working diligently to remove the debris, levitating stones,
wood, and mortar into large self-propelled carts to be hauled away.

The banners that normally decorated the castle exterior were all gone, burned
or torn away by enemy fire, but atop the Astronomy tower someone had hung the
Flag of Britain and below that the school flag. The boiling rage that had
plagued him throughout the night when he learned of the attack eased somewhat
at the sight.

Hogwarts was still here. She was stronger than her enemies.

The castle drawbridge had been damaged in during the fighting, but someone had
scrounged up a temporary replacement made out of a partially transfigured
wrought iron gate. The new bridge was narrow, and creaked in protest with
every step, but held both his weight and that of the other witches and wizard
carefully moving around him in the course of their duties. Already, he could
see the castle starting to absorb the new structure into its base framework,
healing a wound from the previous night's skirmish. He ran his hands over the
stones at the entryway, and mentally sighed in relief as he felt the vibrant
hum of the magic beneath his fingertips.

"Lord Voldemort?"

He turned to see a young Sentinel fidgeting nervously at the doorway.

"What?"

"Headmaster Snape said that you might show up, and that I should take you to
him."

The Dark Lord squashed his irritation at the perceived summons. Snape was
busy, not playing power games, and taking his frustrations out on the man
would not help the situation.

"Take me to him. Where is Potter?"

The Sentinel hesitated.

"Harold Potter, my Lord?"

"Yes," he replied, impatiently. How many Potters did this fool think he would
ask after?

"Er… I am afraid I do not know, sir."

"Once you are done, I want you to find him and bring him to me. Bring General
Malfoy, as well."

"Yes, my Lord."

That was about the only smart thing the boy had said yet. The rest of the walk
was blessedly silent. They made their way to the Great Hall, the traffic
gradually getting thicker as students with their arms full of sleeping bags
and overnight kits ambled by in their night clothes or dressed and ready for
day of work putting their home back in order. The closer they drew to the
Great Hall the quieter the conversation got, until at last they entered what
was clearly the temporary dormitory for the students. The tables had been
removed, and in a scene easily similar to four years ago, replaced with mats
and sleeping bags pushed tightly together. Most of the children were up and
preparing to leave, but a few of the older students were still fast asleep in
their sleeping bags, and those around them were careful not to disturb them.
Voldemort scanned the sleeping faces, but none of them was Harry or even one
of his close associates.

At the front of the room, the teachers' table was still present, and Snape was
seated in his reserved position, hurriedly scribbling instructions onto
parchment, which he then passed on to a student or teacher or Sentinel. Beside
him, Ira talked softly to students and staff, taking down what they were
saying and occasionally directing them elsewhere or moving them on to talk to
her husband. Neither looked as if they had slept.

"Severus," he said softly, even he not immune to the subdued atmosphere that
seemed to demand that one only speak in whispers. Snape immediately stood, and
turned briefly to his wife.

"Send for McGonagall to cover for me."

She nodded, and he moved around the table to lead Lord Voldemort to a small
room directly behind the teacher's table for the sake of privacy. He snapped
his fingers twice, and the house elves popped into the room just long enough
to light the sconces, activate the privacy wards, and set a small coffee set
on the plain rectangular table before disappearing again. Snape sat himself
down, but the Dark Lord felt in no hurry to follow his example.

"How extensive is the damage?" Voldemort began, knowing neither of them wanted
to waste the other's time.

"Mostly superficial. I'm having the staff evaluate what they can now that it's
light enough, but mostly it just seems to be minor damage. Roof tiles, plaster
work… one of the wooden expansions off Gryffindor tower. I'll have
professionals come in and evaluate everything before we allow students into
any of the towers, but I doubt they'll find anything. The wards will need to
be boosted again, but they held for the attack."

The Dark Lord nodded, satisfied with the assessment.

"Was anyone killed?"

"The two Sentinels at the gatehouse lost their lives, but otherwise no one
inside the castle was hurt. Everyone performed their roles admirably."

"And the enemy?"

"Last I heard they found fourteen bodies, but Lucius would have the most
current tally."

Voldemort nodded. Lt. Commander Stratus was still fighting in London, but he
had sent word that he was certain he had wiped out what remained of the
Italian raiding party. He said as much to Snape, who mustered enough energy to
look suitably pleased with this report. They talked for a little longer,
mostly with the headmaster answering straightforward facts about the events of
the attack, the response of security, staff, and students, and plans for the
future. Snape was quick with an answer or else quick with an estimation on how
and when he was likely to have an answer, and Voldemort felt his anxiety over
the failed attack ease as he continued to be reassured by the man's
competence. For perhaps the first time, he was absolutely convinced that
having him replace Lestrange had been an excellent decision.

They were eventually joined by Lucius, who poured himself a cup of coffee and
made himself comfortable. There were dark shadows across his face and he
looked overdrawn, but his eyes danced with a malicious delight as he updated
them on what he knew.

"We've found eighteen bodies, although if there are any that fell in the lake
there's a good chance we'll not find anything. Nevertheless, I've sent men to
search the shoreline for ten miles, just in case. Witnesses put the first
attack as starting at Hogsmeade around 6:20pm and lasting roughly ten minutes,
before they moved onto Hogwarts. The attack lasted roughly thirty minutes
before the Italians retreated back to Hogsmeade for another five to ten
minutes, and then attempted to apparate back to wizarding London. My plan to
have them relayed into Hyde Park worked perfectly. They might have thought
themselves very brave and cunning fighting civilians and invalids, but against
trained fighters they were nothing short of pathetic. They were all dead
within five minutes."

"Well done, Lucius," Snape commended, because even he had to admit his scheme
to catch the raiders as they attempted to return to their stronghold was
remarkably clever. "And London?"

"I have Stratus seeing to it. You haven't met him, I don't think. A humble
man, but very reliable. If things go according to schedule, he'll have ousted
the invaders by this afternoon. Tomorrow evening, at the-"

There was a soft knock on the door, and Harry entered the room. He wasn't
wearing his robes, his sleeves were rolled up, and there was flour smudges on
his hands and face. His eyes scanned the room and quickly settled on the Dark
Lord. Color aside, the elder wizard thought the boy's eyes must be very
similar to his own at the moment. Fierce. Proud. Resolved.

Murderous.

"You summoned me, my Lord?"

"Those who attacked this castle are all dead," he said, his tone matter-of-
fact.

Harry blinked, but otherwise his expression remained unchanged. After a
moment, he replied.

"Good."

The Dark Lord found himself smiling despite himself.

"Thank you for tell me," the boy continued. "Was that all you wanted me for?"

"No. What were you doing before I summoned you?"

"Making pancakes. The house elves are too busy to do it, so I got kitchen
duty."

"I'm sure no one will starve without you. Find a seat."

Harry looked uncertainly at the other two men in the room, who did not look
enthused by his presence but otherwise said nothing. He set himself at the
table on the one side left unoccupied. Voldemort couldn't help but notice he
looked unusually uncomfortable, but likely that had to do with Lucius and
their private skirmish over the Granger girl.

"How do you feel things went during the attack, Harry?"

The Gryffindor thought a moment. "Like clockwork. Everyone knew their place
and purpose."

"Were you ever afraid of the outcome?"

"No. I was too angry to be afraid."

"And the other students?"

He hesitated.

"They were scared, I think, but they would have done what needed to be done."

"Do you think anything could have been improved?"

"I don't know. I didn't get to see the entire plan come together. I don't
think there's anything wrong with the plan itself… maybe student response. I
don't think the younger years were ready for what was happening. They were
panicky."

Voldemort turned to Severus.

"Do you agree with this assessment?"

"As far as it goes," the headmaster replied, unconcerned. "It was to be
expected. That is why I have the younger students placed further into the
castle's defenses. Less chance of seeing actual combat. Having faced the
actual possibility of combat, however, they may be more open to psychological
preparedness training. I'm not sure their parents would approve, given the
techniques involved."

Lucius smirked. "As a parent, I won't object."

Snape rolled his eyes.

"Do you believe this sort of training to be necessary, after the current level
of security seems to have been proven sufficient?" Voldemort asked.

"Yes, but then I believe it should have been a standard of DA&D curriculum
from the beginning."

The conversation continued along the vein of curriculum alteration, drills and
defense exercises, increased security measures, student involvement, parental
response, how the press should be handled, fiscal adjustments, various and
sundry matters that would have to be dealt with over the coming hours, days,
and weeks. Harry remained quiet, but attentive, not understanding half of it
but willing enough to give an opinion when the Dark Lord asked him for one. It
was half war council, half school board meeting and he wasn't sure where one
ended and the other began.

They went on undisturbed for some time, and the house elves replaced the
coffee carafe twice before they were finally interrupted by a knock at the
door. Ira peeked her head inside.

"Belsifer Pitwick is here to see you, Severus. He insists it's urgent."

"Who?"

"The mayor of Hogsmeade."

Severus was about to point out that Juliana Hobsmack was mayor of Hogsmeade,
then realized the woman was probably dead. He looked to Voldemort to see if he
was interested or if he should put the man off until they were done. The Dark
Lord answered for him.

"Send him in. It will save me a trip to see him later."

She moved out of the way to let the visitor in.

Belsifer Pitwick was an interesting sort of fellow, who was a little bit of
everything and therefore nothing in particular. He was dressed very
gentlemanly, but mud spattered yellow boots sort of ruined the effect. His
face, which had a friendly sort of composition, was compromised by his
bloodshot eyes and an unlit pipe that hung from the corner of his mouth. If he
was surprised to find the Headmaster of Hogwarts sitting in with Britain's
ruler and second in command of her armed forces, the only indication he gave
was to twist his mouth in such a way that his pipe moved from one side of his
mouth to the other without him having to touch it.

He bowed politely.

"Gentleman."

"Welcome, Mayor Pitwick," Voldemort greeted evenly, neither truly welcoming
nor intimidating. "I hope you don't mind if we sit in with your meeting. We
all have a vested interest in the wellbeing of this school, and have been
working collaboratively to get through this latest crisis."

Pitwick glanced at Harry briefly, as if unsure. The Gryffindor simply stood
and indicated the man should take his chair, while he moved to stand off in
the corner. This was more for his own benefit than the mayor's, as he was
starting to get jittery after his third cup of coffee and didn't want to sit
anymore.

"Not at all," he said, "If nothing else, perhaps you can give me some ideas on
my next course of action. You see, I find myself in something of a
predicament. I am the mayor of a village that no longer exists."

In his corner, Harry closed his eyes, and took a long deep breathe.

"My condolences," Voldemort said, in the same cautious tone as before, "The
Court will, of course, do everything it can to help you and the villagers
rebuild and resettle as quickly as possible."

A diplomatic answer. Especially, since everyone there knew the Court was
inundated with similar projects, and with limited resources it might be over a
year before they were able to lend any meaningful assistance. The heavy
response Hogwarts was receiving was, frankly, unbelievable and completely
unfair but not unexpected given its status as both national treasure and
Voldemort's private pet project.

Pitwick didn't seem surprised or bothered by the maneuver.

"I am not overly concerned with that. The village was well insured. It's part
of the county ordinances in order to build or own property. About the only act
of foresight Hobsmack ever had, may she rest in peace. We have, or will have
soon, the money to rebuild, and we'll do it smarter this time around, with
better defenses and building codes. Maybe a keystone like they have in those
Irish towns, I don't know… I'll have to talk to professionals about-"

"You should bury the dead along the border of the village."

For the first time, Pitwick was caught off guard. He turned to the boy
standing in the corner, whose reputation preceded him but not the unnerving
quality of his unflinching gaze. The other men in the room also turned to him
as well, although they did not seem alarmed by his suggestion.

"Burial sites can act as a sort of keystone. Particularly when the victims
died by violence," Harry explained. He was thinking of the long disappeared
wall around the Forbidden Forest, the burial shrine at the werewolf colony,
and the many marked and unmarked graves that littered the Malfoy Estates.

Voldemort looked intrigued.

"He is correct. In ancient times, it was standard practice to place cemeteries
and crypts in pentagonal formation around towns and villages. The original
Hogsmeade, likely had such a layout, but the cemeteries have been built over
or moved throughout the centuries. I would highly recommend finding some older
maps, and reestablish these gravesites. They will strengthen the village's
defenses and act as a natural barrier against some malevolent magical
influences."

Pitwick relaxed a little, having been given a practical explanation for an
otherwise macabre suggestion.

"I will look into it. More important than the dead, however, are the living. I
have eight hundred men, women, and children who have no idea where they're
going to stay tonight or get their next meal. Most of them moved to Hogsmeade
escaping from London or sold their homes in the big cities and have no where
else to go."

Snape's expression was becoming increasingly rigid as he began to see the
direction this conversation was taking. Lucius too seemed to have it figured
it out, and smirked at his friend's growing unease.

"Even if temporary dwellings were available, it is not reasonable to ask the
villagers to leave themselves exposed after what has just occurred."

"The Italians are dead and gone, Mayor Pitwick," Snape interrupted. "The
raiding party was destroyed after their retreat and their main force is being
ousted from London as we speak. They are no longer a threat to you or the
villagers."

The mayor paused to consider this newest information, reworking his pitch
quickly.

"The Italians are no longer a threat… or at least they won't be for a while.
There are also the Germans to consider, the approaching winter, the Forbidden
Forest… simple logistical concerns such as sanitation and food. None of which
the government has the time or the resources to provide at the moment."

Snape sighed, accepting the inevitable request.

"I would like to have a portion of the remaining village relocated to the
castle while we work to rebuild and better secure against further attacks."

The Headmaster looked to Voldemort to see his position before answering, but
all he found was an open sort of curiosity. The Dark Lord wanted to know what
his response would be. That put him in a tricky position. The man likely
already knew what he wanted done and this was more of a test than anything.

"I doubt the castle could handle another eight-hundred-"

"Closer to five hundred. Some of them do have relatives who can take them in
or alternative arrangements."

"Financially, we couldn't afford to feed, cloth, or bed-"

"The insurance covers rent and lost property. This wouldn't be charity. Not
entirely, at least."

"Security would be a nightmare-"

Here, Lucius was happy to provide the answer Pitwick couldn't.

"I think I can spare some men to handle that. We already agreed there should
be increased military presence around the castle. If you register the
villagers as staff or students, the castle will accept them."

"*Thank you*, Lucius," he bit off sourly. He turned to Harry who was now
fidgeting in the corner, and glared. "Anything you'd like to add? Do you think
you could live in the castle with double the occupants?"

The Gryffindor blinked.

"I can't say I'd *want* to," Harry admitted, "But that doesn't mean I
couldn't. It's not really up to us, anyway. Aren't we like… *required* to do
it? That's one of the reasons the castle was built, to offer sanctuary to the
village during war. I think it's even in the school charter."

Snape tried to recall if that was true, and it became readily apparent when he
did.

"*Bugger.*"

Voldemort's curious expression morphed into one of amusement.

"Don't concern yourself overly much, Severus. You have my full approval to
cancel classes and make use of the students during this transition period.
I'll handle the school board and any financial hindrances you might face with
the insurance companies. I'll have my public relations liaison come by later
with a list of contacts you'll find useful. Adjustments will be made to your
responsibilities, authority, and subsequent pay and benefits. Handle this
right, and you'll come out of this with far more than you had going in."

That, of course, seemed to ease some of Snape's aggravation, although he still
did not looked pleased with this newest turn of events. He had been expecting
to have his hands full simply handling students and teachers, now he found
himself looking after five hundred something traumatized villagers. He
honestly had no idea where to start, and having not slept for nearly thirty-
six hours after a highly stressful event, he didn't feel up to figuring it
out.

He should make Potter do it, just for the hell of it.

"I will take care of it."

"I know you will, Severus," Voldemort said, part reassurance and part unspoken
threat. "When the press shows up, try to act appropriately humble and
sympathetic."

---

The remainder of the meeting did not last much longer, and afterwards Harry
accompanied Voldemort to his office.

"I want you to help Severus as much as possible, Harry. You are a figurehead
to both your classmates and the villagers, and making the effort to help both
sides adjust will be critical over the next few months," the Dark Lord said as
they made their way through the congested halls. Part of him was eager and
happy to do whatever he could to help both the villagers and school get
through this, but another part dreaded the experience. The school had seemed
so crowded During the Triwizard tournament, and there had been less than
hundred additional people then and all prepared for well in advance. How were
they going to handle five hundred or more refugees?

"How long do you think they'll be here?" he asked instead.

"The rest of the school year, at least, although I suspect the numbers will
begin to lessen well before then. I'll grease the wheels for the insurance
companies to begin clean up and sorting through claims to speed things along,
but it will be winter before they are able to start rebuilding, and there will
be frequent setback due to weather and security threats. You will all have to
take pains to adjust."

Harry nodded, and decided to drop the subject for now. He would be dealing
with it soon enough.

"So the Italians really are all dead?"

"Yes. At least the ones who participated in the attack. How many we will take
out in London is anyone's guess. Depends how fiercely they dig in, I suppose.
Regardless, their strong hold in England is over."

"Do you think that will be the end of it? Of the attacks in Britain, anyway?"

Voldemort snorted.

"Not if they have any common sense. I've already demonstrated what happens
when you attack Britain and then try to run home. We come after you."

Harry suddenly stopped.

"You're going to invade Italy now?"

The Dark Lord glanced over his shoulder at him, but kept walking.

"Absolutely. They're far too dangerous to leave unpunished. After we've
subdued Germany and secured our alliances in Europe, we'll finish in Italy.
They're strong, but not stronger than Britain and France combined, and no one
will come to their aid."

Harry was hurried to catch up to the Dark Lord, his thoughts dizzy with the
meaning of those words. He couldn't say he was surprised by the man's
decision, and he didn't hold any sympathy for the Italians either, but the
idea of extended the war even further had absolutely no appeal to him
whatsoever.

"You disapprove?" Voldemort asked, catching his expression.

"I understand it, I just wish there were another way."

"Hhhmmm… and here I thought you would be pleased. You were about the demise of
the attackers."

"'It is one thing to remove a thorn in your foot and another to go out and
burn down the briar patch'."

"An interesting analogy."

"Professor Sprout."

"Hufflepuff. It figures."

"I don't like the idea of sending out people to die if they don't have to."

"Luckily, that it is not your decision to make. I assure you, Harry, I don't
enjoy it either. I'd much rather have Britain's sons and daughter at home,
raising families and contributing to the advancement of society than defending
what little we have from ravenous dogs. Unfortunately, we must first address
the later before we can obtain the former."

They walked the rest of the way in silence, and at some point the flood of
busy witches and wizards in the halls had slowed to a trickle until they stood
at the entrance to Voldemort's office without another soul in sight. He turned
to Harry and looked down into his earnest eyes.

"I know this is difficult for you. Your life has been intimately intertwined
with the conflicts Britain now faces, and you cannot bring yourself to
disassociate yourself from it the way your classmates can. You feel you cannot
know peace until the country is at peace. For that, I am sorry."

Harry looked away, embarrassed. His feelings weren't something he really liked
to discuss, especially with Voldemort. The Dark Lord, however, wasn't about
ready to let him avoid it that easily, and caught his chin so that he was once
again looking directly up at the man.

"I need you have to faith, Harry. And patience. These trials and triumphs are
not the work of vanity or wounded pride. We are clearing the debris of our
troubled past to set the foundations of a glorious future. Already, we begin
to see our efforts take shape. The civil war left Britain in chaos, but we
have achieved a capable and competent government structure and our people are
united in a common cause. We have grown socially and economically, ready to
re-enter the global community as a super power unto ourselves. One day, these
troubled times will be nothing more than distant memory."

Despite his words, Harry did not look reassured.

"One day, yes," he agreed. "But will I live long enough to see it?"

---

Harry managed to catch a two hour nap (despite the coffee that morning) in
Voldemort's office, while the man performed administrative magic with an
endless supply of paper and the absolute obedience of the resident house
elves. When he awoke, he lingered for only a few minutes while fighting off
drowsiness, before heading out to do his apparent duty as Snape's little
helper.

He headed down to the Great Hall, expecting to find Snape at the teacher's
table, but instead found himself being herded into one of six long lines by
Clyde.

"Where have you been, Harry? We've been looking all over for you! Come on,
let's stick in this line. I think Natalie is heading this one."

"What are you talking about? I was asleep. I don't know what's going on."

All around them, students were lining up or leaving, talking excitedly or
looking for friends, the morning lethargy evaporating with this newest event.
Clyde was as jittery and excited as everyone else, looking around curiously
and standing on his toes every so often to see over the crowd.

"Okay, sorry. I guess I assumed you'd know what was happening what with being
in on that meeting and everything. What was that all about, anyway?"

Harry sighed in exasperation.

"Why don't you tell me what's going on here first, and I'll tell you about the
meeting?"

"Oh, yeah, sure," the other boy agreed, still busy looking around at everyone
else. "Okay, so about an hour ago we get this announcement that Hogsmeade's an
ashy cinder, and we're going to be like a refugee camp or something."

Nothing Harry hadn't known about, but still didn't quite explain what was
going on now.

"Then we get told that classes are canceled for the week so that we can all
help reorganize the school or something. So right now, we're all getting arm
bands and applying for job responsibilities and stuff. But get this, we're
getting *paid*."

"What, the school?"

Clyde grinned. "Nope. *Us*. The students. How brilliant is that?"

Harry had to admit that was impressive. He hadn't anticipated being paid for
helping out, but he could see why it would be a good idea especially when it
came to getting the other students on board with what was happening. Treating
this all like a job, rather than a chore, was likely to go over better in the
long run.

"How much do we get paid?" he asked, curiously.

"It depends on what your job is. I don't think anyone really knows how to tell
yet, but the color of your security band is supposed to match your type of
job, so you might be able to figure out that way."

"I heard administration get the best pay," someone in a neighboring line said.
"They've got the green arm bands. Guess who keep getting them? Slytherins.
They were quick to snatch up the cushy, high paying jobs."

A girl further up voiced her disagreement.

"Nuh-uh. My friend Marcy got an admin job and she's a Hufflepuff."

"Probably a Slytherin's secretary!"

"Nuh-uh!"

"Ya-huh!"

"Nuh-uh!"

"Both of you shut up already! Neither of you knows anything," Clyde snapped in
annoyance, then turned to Harry. "So what was the meeting about?"

Harry shrugged.

"Lots of stuff. Mostly plans for fixing up the school and improving security.
Didn't know we were taking in Hogsmeade until the mayor showed up. Snape was
pissed." He thought of telling Clyde about the Italians being wiped out, but
decided against it. It would probably be better to wait until London was
officially cleaned out in case something went wrong.

The other boy laughed. "I'll bet!"

They putzed around in line for a while, sharing gossip and conjecture with
their neighboring classmates about the night before and the week ahead. Most
of the students seemed to have faired well, and were greeting the new day with
a giddy sort of high that follows a moment of terror quickly averted. After
half an hour they finally made it to the front of the line, where Natalie was
waiting for them. She was dressed in her casual clothes, but she tied up her
hair in a French knot and was proudly sporting a light green armband with the
words 'ADMIN II' printed in black letters.

"Hello, Harry," she greeted cheerfully, and then a little less cheerfully
added, "Hello, Houghtson."

"Good to you too, luv," Clyde muttered. Harry smiled at her.

"Hey, Natalie. So what have you got for us?"

"*You,* I've got this!" She had a little rolodex situated in front of her,
from which she pulled a plain white card with his name printed on it. She
tapped it twice on the table and it grew into a full sized folder. She flipped
it open. "Ah, excellent! They've got you pre-assigned. Most of us just get a
type of job assigned based on aptitude and then have to apply for a position,
but you're already Student/Civilian Liaison; Security Level I. I think you're
the only student with that level of clearance."

She pulled out a black armband with 'SECURITY I' in white letters. He slipped
it over his arm, and despite being loose it didn't fall down. Clyde looked
suitably impressed.

"Bloody brilliant! I bet you could order everyone else in the school around.
What about me?"

With somewhat less enthusiasm, Natalie turned back to her rolodex and pulled
out his card. She enlarged it, and looked inside his folder. Mirth immediately
spread across her features.

"Oh my… it's… hhhmm…"

"What? What is it? It can't be that bad!" He snatched the folder out of her
hand. A light purple armband fell out, and Harry picked it up and read it.

"Dom services?"

"Domestic services, like kitchen duty or laundry," Natalie offered up, trying
to smother a smile. Clyde looked as if someone had killed his dog. "It's not
that bad. Three fourths of the students are domestic services or general
labor. That's what you get for never having a summer job or volunteer work on
your student record. Take your folder, fill out your paperwork, and report to
the Charms classroom. If you hurry, you might get a position as a supervisor
somewhere."

The mortified Gryffindor didn't have to be told twice, and immediately rushed
off without looking back. Harry and Natalie shared a look, and burst out
laughing.

---

Security Liaison turned out to be a position uniquely suited to Harry. He was
easily recognized by military personnel, students, and civilians alike, and
most of them seemed to like him well enough. His reputation was such that no
one attempted to mess with him despite his age and relatively small stature.
It helped that he had a dynamic face that could be both inviting and
intimidating depending upon what the situation called for.

When working, he wore the same 'uniform' as all the other 'security' students;
black school robe, black cloak, all terrain boots, arm guards, white shirt,
black tie, name badge, and armband. Aside from the black tie, the entire
ensemble came from his private wardrobe and could mostly be found in any other
student's as well. The over all effect though was enough that he and his
fellows could easily be identified at a distance even without their arm bands,
and always had the appearance of being ready to jump into a fight at a
moment's notice.

Of the thirty-four students assigned to security, thirty were Level IV who
generally did whatever menial, low-risk task was assigned to them, three were
Level III in charge of supervising Level IV, and Harry, whose job was pretty
much to be sociable with everyone and scary as hell at the same time. If
Sentinel Seitler, the only person he was required to take orders from or
salute, found any ironic humor in this, he had the good grace not to show it.

Harry's first assignment was to oversee the villagers as they arrived at the
gatehouse to be registered as castle residents (which student security was
handling) and be checked by security (handled by Lucius' new regiment of
Culties). He walked amongst the growing lines of tired, anxious families and
individuals, speaking to as many of them as he could, reassuring them of their
safety and welcome at the castle, answering questions, offering an encouraging
word, or talking down the frustrated (during which his more sinister
reputation came in handy). Children, for whatever reason, seemed to adore him,
and frequently abandoned their parents' sides to ask him questions or request
a magic trick, which he would perform only on the condition that stopped
getting out of line.

It was gratifying, yet heartbreaking work. Many of the people who came to the
gate were still in shock; some had lost family, friends, and neighbors. A
handful were orphans. The castle offered them refuge, but there was no
guarantee it would grant them solace, and their future was uncertain. If
nothing else, he was at least convinced of the rightness of bringing them into
the castle whatever the inconvenience.

Whether Headmaster Snape would agree with this assessment, Harry wasn't at all
certain. He saw the man regularly over the next week, perhaps more so than
anyone else except Seitler, to inform the man of the refugees' behavior or
relay the details of some incident or another. Their conversations, however,
were brief, to the point, and without the usual verbal swordplay. Harry wasn't
sure if he should take it personally or not. The man was obviously stressed
and his time was valuable, and if he wasn't in the mood for banter he didn't
blame him.

He didn't know if he could keep his own tone civil, especially about how the
refugees were being handled. The man seemed almost obsessed with keeping the
villagers separate from the students, rearranging classrooms and closing off
corridors to prevent either parties from meeting accidentally and restricting
student movement into the 'Hogsmeade Hall' unless on work related business.
Whatever assigned duties could be turned over to villagers, were done so
quickly, further distancing them from each other. Harry didn't understand it,
but it seemed cold and vaguely cruel to be so blatantly unwelcoming to people
who had just lost so much.

Everyone else, however, seemed to be embracing their guests and their own
roles in helping them get their lives back together. Although off duty
fraternization was discouraged, there was nothing that could be done to stop
students (or staff for that matter) from hanging around while they were on
duty, and a inordinate amount of time was spent slacking off with
conversations and playing games and whatever else they could get away with. In
a lot of ways, visiting Hogsmeade Hall was like visiting the village itself
and a way to escape the confining drudgery of student life.

For Harry, it was a precarious adventure of endless dangers.

"Tell us another story!" a six year old demanded, as Harry moved to stand up
from the circular rug, around which some dozen young children had been avidly
listening to him retell of his marvelous escape from Germany (after careful
editing and a great deal of artistic license). He had dropped by Hogsmeade
Hall to visit the make-shift primary school and give a brief lecture about
safety inside the castle (don't worry, the ghosts are harmless; never wander
around alone; if you get lost, find the nearest student or uniformed wizard to
help you; no the headmaster is not a vampire and there aren't any dragons in
the dungeons, etc.), and had been roped into a story time. He now knew this
was a skill innate to all children, and not just a special gift of Morgana and
Alyssa Reicher.

"I'm afraid I don't have another story right now. You'll have to wait until I
think of another."

The students let out a long 'aaahhhh', and he had to fight back a smile.

"Sorry, that's the way it is. I better get back to work. My boss will turn me
into a pink flamingo if he catches me."

Predictably, they all found the idea of Harry as pink bird ridiculously funny
and he ducked out of the classroom quickly while they were busy laughing at
his expense. Natalie was waiting for him outside, looking even more amused.

"A white knight *and* good with children. Why did we break up?"

"Because, you don't like white knights or children?" he offered.

"Oh yeah."

"Not that I'm not happy to see you, but what are doing down here? I thought
you were still on duty?"

Natalie's job was as supervisor of General Inventory, which kept track of all
of the supplies needed in Hogsmeade Hall. This job was technically supposed to
be in the hands of one of the villagers by now, but she was so good at it that
no one wanted to replace her until they absolutely had to. She had apparently
done similar jobs while volunteering in Ireland and discovered she had a head
for it. She was exceptionally proud of herself, and there was little anyone
could do to drag her away from her private office or the backrooms that
defined her territory.

"I was just dropping off some baby food at the daycare, when I overheard you
telling your story. Very exciting."

Harry pretended not to be embarrassed, but he couldn't do much to stop his
ears from flushing at her gentle teasing.

"*And* I thought I should let you know that Rita Skeeter is in the castle and
she's looking for you."

"Skeeter?"

"No one should have to face her without at least a heads up. That woman's
wardrobe shouldn't exist outside a burlesque."

Harry grinned, and kissed her on the cheek. Her ears suddenly matched his.

"Thanks, Natalie. I better find her before she gives up and leaves."

"Yes, well… I think she's in the courtyard, signaling aliens in outer space
with her fluorescent yellow hair."

He jogged off to find the reporter, easing his way around the crowded halls
with practiced agility. It didn't take him long to find Skeeter, although she
had moved from the courtyard towards the Gryffindor dorms. Her bright green
jacket and sparkling red heels made her somewhat hard to miss in the sea of
black robes. He jogged passed her on the stairs as if he didn't see her, not
wanting anyone else to think he *looking* for publicity, and painted on a look
of mock horror when she noticed him.

"*Mr. Potter!*" she practically shrieked, and ran after him.

"Er…"

"Just a moment of your time, dear!" she said happily, and quickly latched onto
his arm like hawk snatching up a mouse.

"Uh…"

"Now, Mr. Potter, I hear you have had a most exciting couple of days here at
Hogwarts. Do you think you could spare a minute to talk about it? It's been
*months* since we heard anything from you! Here, let's talk somewhere more
private!"

Feigning horror-struck silence, he allowed her to pull him off the stairs and
into one of the corridors. A quick search (she was amazingly fast for a woman
in heels) revealed an empty classroom, and she quickly pulled him inside. She
spun him around and wrapped her arms around him in a surprise hug.

"Harry! How is my favorite little blackmailer?" she squealed in delight.

He choked out a laugh at her over the top behavior and carefully extracted
himself.

"I'm… well. How are you… crazy, ladybug woman."

"Oh, Harry, you needn't be so coy. I *know* you're happy to see me."

He gave her a thoughtful look.

"Perhaps. Depending on what you brought me."

Far from being put off, she actually looked even happier to show him the
results of the errand he had sent her on. She pulled a file from inside her
jacket and handed it to him.

"So, I did a little research on the names you gave, and boy, I think we're
both going to be happy that you did. Darling, blue-eyed Johnny Carrobs with
his fondness for little muggleborn girls… several of them who seem to have
gone on to be single mothers with even more darling little blue-eyed children.
Naughty, naughty."

Harry glanced through the file of John Carrobs, and grimaced. Skeeter hadn't
bothered to edit out the full extent of her findings or her more sordid
theories. Just the same, she was right that he had no intention of putting
Hermione in this man's debt, even if Skeeter's findings were mostly
conjecture.

"And the others?"

"Delamora Smith bought her way out of a prison sentence in '92 when her rare
Mongolian Trypas bird killed and ate her butler. She might have kept herself
out of the bird cage, but she'll never be approved as a guardian. Not while
she's still breeding Trypas in any event."

Harry sighed. Why were so many wizards and witches weirdos?

"Andoria Smythe?"

"She's dating Merton Graves* and tours with his band, the Weird Sisters.
*Fascinating* woman. Very active in the feminist movement, but she's not a
lesbian. Go figure."

"Do you think she'd help Hermione?"

"I wouldn't be surprised. She's adopted six kids already."

Harry gave her a funny look and turned to the file for clarification. Sure
enough, Andoria Smythe had adopted six children, all of them over the age of
twelve, all girls. It seemed she made a hobby of taking in older orphans girls
to keep them off the street and out of the underground brothel houses. It
looked as if she would be the ideal for what they wanted.

"Thank you, Skeeter. You did excellent work."

She gave him a smugly satisfied look.

"Yes, well, it pays to keep a woman with my skills around."

Funny, hadn't Natalie said the exact same thing recently? Feeling generous, he
smiled back at her.

"Yes, I can see that now."

~ Author's Notes~

Ira's miscarriage was the result of minor infection unrelated to her pregnancy
causing complication in her pregnancy, primarily a fever and a hormonal
imbalance.

A diving winnow is a swallow-like bird that dives for its dinner in Scottish
lakes. Once it hits the water is swells with water to the size of a small
penguin (and acts much like one) and can't fly again until its feather dry
out- forty minutes to six hours later depending on the weather. They have long
legs and sharp claws, however, and can run or climb trees if faced with
predators.

Fresh water hydras are related to jellyfish, not the multi-headed dragon
thing.

Arrowslits are real castle features, and as the name implies they were used
for shooting arrows out at the enemy while minimizing exposure to the archer.
I thought the same feature would work well for wizards. Hoardings were wooden
constructs that projected beyond the wall, allowing defenders to shoot at, or
drop objects on attackers at the base of the wall without having to lean
perilously over the crenellations, thereby exposing themselves to retaliatory
fire. (Wikipedia; "castle")

The Italians apparated over the Serpentine in Hyde Park, London.

Merton Graves is an actual member of the canon Weird Sisters.
