# Coming Together, Falling Apart

Looking up at the domed fortress of magical wards, two foot thick stone
walls, and gargoyles patrolling the eaves and awnings, Fred and George
realized they may have underestimated the extent of the challenge Harry
had handed to them. The British National Library of Wizardry was a
national treasure, but unlike many of the other national treasures in
London this one was still standing and mostly whole, and not just as a
result of Italian disinterest. Scorch marks and bits of chipped stone
where curses had struck and rebounded were scattered around the enormous
oak and iron doors and around the tall, thin glass windows, but nothing
significant had given against the assault. Indeed, given the way the
lion doorknockers snarled savagely as they drew near, they both
suspected no one had entered since the wards had been activated. At
least not through the main entrance.

"What do you think the chances are of someone still hiding inside? I
mean… this might be the safest place in London," Fred remarked with
growing respect.

George didn't have an answer, although a quip or two was at the tip of
his tongue. Someone with a real answer, however, chimed in before he had
an opportunity.

"Not a chance in hell. The Director hermetically sealed it after it was
closed, so if anyone were unfortunate enough to be left behind they
would have suffocated," the young woman beside them said knowingly,
shifting her glasses up the bridge of her nose in a nervous gesture. If
anyone would know this, it would have Mary McGulligan, who was one of
the innumerable and under paid pages charged with the day to day
trivialities that real librarians had neither the time nor inclination
to handle. Mary had the additional knowledge that came from being seen
as Director Truberville's personal assistant. Knowledge was about the
only benefit to the position, as she could attest.

"There's no air inside?" George asked.

"There's no oxygen inside. Oxygen and moisture causes books to rot if no
one is there to care for them."

"Then how are we supposed to walk around?"

"I know a spell… Just don't sneeze or you'll be in real trouble."

She led them around to the back of the building, where the stately
columns and decorative stone masonry gave way to the less than majestic
loading dock and service entrances. The damage there was more obvious,
but there had been no more success breaking in from there than anywhere
else. The twins helped Mary climb a pile of rubble that used to be a set
of stairs. Perched above this rubble was a narrow door that may have
once been green but had since faded and pealed to an ugly gray.

The page pulled out a ring of iron keys from her black cloak, but didn't
yet open the door. She glanced nervously between them.

"You promise I'll get the books back? You absolutely swear?"

"On our poor mother's grave," Fred promised. George nodded in solemn
agreement.

She didn't look like she believed them. Their attempts to look innocent
had not improved any since they had graduated. Letting out a resigned
sigh, she slipped one of the key's into the door. There was no key hole
to be seen, but the key slid in smoothly. Turning it was another matter
altogether.

"Aargh… stupid… rusty… piece of…." She grumbled, attempting to twist it
this way and that.

The door let out a terrible shriek, like metal grating against metal,
and then opened with a rusty sigh. All of them looked around quickly to
see if anyone had heard them. The loading dock was open only to the
loading docks of other offices and warehouses, none of which were open.
The only people who might have noticed them sneaking into the library
were the dozens of patrolling Sentinels who stalked the city, night and
day, protecting the abandoned houses and businesses from looters and odd
magical beasties that had quietly invaded when the dead began to
outnumber the living. Looters and beasts were treated equally in the
eyes of the law, and the three didn't liked their odds if they were
stopped and asked what precisely they were doing just then. Cloaked from
head to foot in black hooded cloaks, they weren't exactly the picture of
innocent intent.

They stayed silent and still for a long moment, all of them holding
their breathes and listening. There was only the chill silence of the
October night and the sound of muggle traffic in the far distance. Mary
spoke first.

"Okay…before you go in, there are a few rules-"

"Despite what you may have been led to believe, we have been in a
library before," Fred objected lightly.

"We have the arrest records to prove it," George said helpfully.

She didn't look amused.

"Rule 1: Don't touch anything. We'll probably have to go to restricted
sections of the library for some of these books, and that means a lot of
highly volatile protection spells or else very rare and very fragile
pieces. Sometimes they're both. So don't mess about them or you'll be
found just in time to be buried next to your mother for Christmas."

This might have actually been a bit intimidating, if it weren't such a
funny thing to say. They bit the insides of their cheeks to keep from
giving the joke away.

"Rule 2: Don't wander around. Some of the rooms have motion activated
spells on them, and will turn on lights and equipment if you move into
them. Plus it's easy to get lost."

That sounded like a great deal of fun, except for the fact that they
would be working under the threat of imminent asphyxiation and they
couldn't risk getting separated. Additionally, even they had to admit it
was not in their best interest to draw the attention of a Sentinel.

"Rule 3… do whatever I tell you."

Fred grinned at her. "That sounds a bit dubious as far as rules go."

"Well… you have rather dubious reputations."

"Point. Shall we go? I don't fancy getting caught standing out here like
this. We're as likely to ruin your reputation as a virtuous lady as we
are to get arrested for trespassing."

She let out an indignant huff, but quickly tapped them each on the head
with her wand and muttered a spell. Fred and George could not feel any
difference, and followed her inside with a fair bit of caution. They
were able to breathe, but whatever they were breathing definitely wasn't
the air they were used to. It didn't have an odor or even a taste, and
that certainly made the difference noticeable all its own, but it was
the strange weightiness of each inhalation that was the real proof that
there was something off about it.

After closing the door behind them, they lit their wands and moved
inside. The service entrance opened to the interior loading dock which
was filled with unopened crates, loading equipment, and heaps of dead
insects and spiders. The floor crunched as they walked, and Mary cringed
with every step.

"They must have…" she stopped when her voice came out in a masculine
baritone.

The twins burst out into giggles, which came out as rumbling laughter.

"It's the heavier air," she said, sounding very much like thirty year
old man rather than a teenage girl. "It makes our voices lower. Like
breathing helium, only in reverse."

"Helium makes your voice high? How do you know that?" George asked
curiously.

"Haven't you ever sucked at the end of a balloon?"

"What's a balloon?"

She gave him an odd look, but then just shook her head.

"It's a muggle thing. My father used to give them to me on my birthday."

They stopped grinning, and shifted in embarrassment. Half bloods were
envied even less than muggleborns among wizarding society. At least with
muggleborns, they could forget their birth parents and move on, but half
bloods were rarely allowed that opportunity. They were stuck with the
unenviable position of having half a family, and knowing the other
parent was either dead or else oblivious to their existence.

"Anyway…" she continued, trying to dissipate the awkwardness her
admission had left. "The lack of oxygen must have killed all the insects
and vermin. And without oxygen or humidity, nothing rots. It's a tomb of
bugs."

"I just had a wicked idea for an exploding bludger," George murmured
softly to himself.

Mary shuddered.

They moved out of the docking bay and into the back offices, which were
also filled with crates, but these were open and seemed to have been in
the process of being loaded onto book carts when they were abandoned.
Further in, there were special rooms dedicated to the care, restoration,
and preservation of deteriorating books and still more rooms dedicating
to removing protective spells and curses, and still others for
cataloging. One room was filled with glass cases, behind which books
flew about like manic birds trying to escape. Another held books written
by the faerie races, which held some of which were no larger than a
finger nail and others made entirely of black obsidian or silver.

The twins longed to explore, but Mary was not to be distracted from
their purpose. She had seen the wonders of the library many times
before, and while they still held an intense fascination for her, she
knew she would return again later to explore at her leisure. Right now,
she had a job to do. One that would help her and her family rebuild
their London flat, which had been partially destroyed during the seige.

They moved into the public section of the library. In comparison to the
back rooms, the collection here was actually surprisingly small. It was
only about three times the size of Hogwart's library, which while
certainly impressive for a school, was by no means comprehensive. Much
of the space was consumed not by books, but rows upon rows of large
study tables and overstuffed reading chairs, all looking nearly a
thousand years old.

"I thought there would be more," Fred said.

Mary shook her head.

"Of course there is more. We have vaults the size of warehouses in the
basement for most of it. It has to be requested though. Everything else
you see here is just the eighty-five to ninety percent the public
actually uses fairly regularly."

They blinked in surprise.

"That sound like a huge waste."

"It is. Funny thing is that in twenty years most of the books you see
here will be thrown out. They won't even bother archiving them. It's all
just common commercial publishing. Universities and some of the more
esoteric magical practitioners are the only ones who seem to bother with
the really good stuff."

They wandered around the public area for nearly twenty minutes,
gathering some of the books from the list they had provided her with. It
would have taken considerably less, but by now they had fallen into a
conversation about 'the good stuff', which the twins were eager to hear
about and she was flattered enough by their attention to give them.

It turned out that there were some items on the list that were qualified
to fall into this category. To get to the basement required not one but
three different keys to three different doors, several more spells
neither of them recognized, and a trip down an oversized elevator. The
were three vaults in the basement. The South vault, the North vault, and
the West vault; each of them protected by thick steel doors that
required a special combination to open. By this time, the twins were
convinced that even if the Italians had some how managed to get inside
the library and not suffocated, they never would have managed find the
valuable items, let alone get past the myriad of defenses and
subterfuges that littered the building. It seemed who ever built the
national library regarded the knowledge stored there with the same
vicious covetousness of goblins and their gold. Fred and George
practically held their breath in anticipation to see what was behind the
thick iron doors, expected to see something that would somehow rival
Solomon's tomb in grandeur.

The reality was much less glamorous.

It was actually quite depressing. There wasn't a book in sight. In fact,
there was nothing to see at all except a seemingly endless number of
cardboard boxes, stretching out for nearly a quarter mile in either
direction on rows of twenty foot shelves.

"Where are the books?" George asked.

"In the boxes of course," she replied.

"How do you find them?"

"Magic. And the catalog. And practice. Lots of practice."

Mary apparently needed more practice, because it took over thirty
minutes to find just one book, and then another fifteen to find the
second. The twins grew bored, and inevitably started looking for ways to
entertain themselves. Which led them to breaking Rule 1.

Despite Mary's dire warnings, the only things of even mild interest they
managed to find was a manual on head shrinking and a dissertation on the
magical benefits of cannibalism. They didn't dare to open the second
book, as it appeared to be bound in the hide of an animal of
questionable origin.

"Found it," Mary called out, appearing from behind a row of shelves, and
making her way towards them. She wasn't looking at where she was going,
but at the book she held instead. It wasn't a particularly fanciful
looking book or event that old, bound in clean, red leather with bronze
fitting to protect the corners. She had it open at random in the middle
and was perusing the contents curiously. "What on earth would you use
something like this for?"

The twins shared a look and pounced to see what had her so intrigued.
The page she had opened to was written in both English and what they
assumed was some form of Gaelic. The pictures depicted strange images of
dryads lured out of trees, swans half transfigured into children (or
vice versa), and gods and goddesses of every shape and nature inked by
hand against every page as if illustrating a tale from Beadle the Bard
or some ancient Gaelic legend. There were also images of runes,
diagrams, ritual wards, and any number of highly specific demonstrations
that suggested the fantastical images before them could be achieved
through practical application of a strange, highly specialized art. They
followed along as she flipped page after page, revealing one strange
image after another, the contents steadily growing darker as it
progressed.

Benign and ambiguous spell craft gave way to Dark Arts which gave way to
Dark Curses with such cruel and insidious natures that they grew pale to
imagine them practiced on anything more than just ink and paper. Craft
that summoned creatures of the netherworld, of the Unseelie Court, and
the dark potential found within the human soul. Curses that aligned
one's fate to misery and death, that deformed the body, the mind, and
the spirit, and some that granted immortality by shattering the soul.

They stood there a long time, Mary flipping one page after another,
unable to linger on the pages and yet unable to stop herself from
looking at the next. The swish-swish of paper was the only sound,
growing out of the deepening silence like waves breaking against a
beach. The light around their wands seemed to shrink or perhaps the
darkness to squeeze in.

She turned one more page, this one holding an image of a dementor-like
creature transformed into the body of a child. She slammed the book
shut. The twins nearly jumped clean out of their skin.

"What are *doing* with this?" she shouted at them in accusation.

Jumpy from what they had seen and her sudden accusation, they could only
look at each other helplessly. What should they tell her? Harry's
secrets were his own, but they did not want themselves to be associated
with what they had seen in anyway. What *was* he doing with this book?
The craft was clearly pagan, and aside from Lord Voldemort, Harry was
the only other person they knew who practiced that form of magic.

"Er… it's for a friend," Fred said.

"What kind of friends do you have?"

"Um…"

"I'm putting it back," she said pointedly, turning to do just that.

"Wait!" George said, a thought quickly coming into head. "It's not what
you think. It's… our friend is a Curse Breaker. He's… run up against a
particularly nasty curse and thinks it might be some sort of Old Magic.
He thought this book might hold some clues."

She hesitated.

"Please," Fred said, picking up on his brother's ruse. "He's really a
good guy. I can't imagine him using this for anything other to help
someone."

And for the most part, this was true. Harry was a kind soul, even if
circumstances didn't always let him be kind. Their friend had a steel
constitution, but his heart was pure gold. They had to believe, because
it was impossible to conceive otherwise, that Harry either didn't know
the entire contents of the book, was only interested in the benign
material, or he was only using it as reference material for his research
project.

This made lying to her much easier, because if they weren't convinced
themselves of the Chaos Lord's good intentions they would have struggled
selling the lie even to someone as trusting as Mary. As it was, they
cajoled and reassured her relentlessly for several minutes until she
finally, reluctantly relented.

"Thank you, dear heart. You've probably saved someone's life," Fred
said.

"Or damned someone's soul. If you're going to use this…"

"We frankly have no intention of *touching* it after tonight," he
promised.

After that, it was a simple matter of checking the books out, which even
Mary could not figure out how to get around and still take the books out
of the building, though it still managed to work using pseudonyms. They
shrunk the books down and slipped them into a little pouch Fred tied to
his waste. It was past midnight by the time they were done, and the
library was beginning to feel as inviting as a cemetery. They headed
back towards the loading dock, barely glancing at the wondrous
spectacles that had so intrigued them when they had first entered. Their
thoughts were held by darker mysteries of what they had found and in
doing so what they had made themselves a part of.

They were so distracted by their thoughts; they forgot to look around
before stepping out into the back alley. Unfortunately, they were also
very jumpy, so when someone shouted 'STOP!', Mary screamed and the twins
spun around and shouted out a blasting hex without even realizing *who*
they were blasting at. In the flashing light of their spells, the
glimmer of silver of a Sentinel's emblem and the tell-tale cut of the
uniform cloak stood clearly for only an instant.

It less than an instant for them to realize their blunder.

One of the Sentinel's was struck and flew backwards from the blast, but
the second had thrown up a shield in time to spare himself. The standing
Sentinel sent out a stunning hex that luckily missed them entirely and
hit the door behind them. The light of the spells, diminished their
ability to see for a moment, but already the twins had seized their
companion's hands and started to run half blind through the back street.

"Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god," she chanted as they ran. "You kill
him. You killed a Sentinel!"

"Hardly, my sweet," George said laughingly, but even his voice was
touched with a hint of hysteria. This was bad. Terribly, horribly bad.
It was one thing to pick a fight with Italians; them you could fight
seriously and not feel bad about, but a Sentinel? It just wasn't done,
and the consequences weren't something either of them wanted to face.
They had to escape. They couldn't have been identified with their cloaks
up. There was still a chance they could get away with this.

"Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god."

"Pray if you mush, but please do so quietly," Fred requested, trying for
nonchalant. "We're escaping. Stealth is key."

"Oh god, they're going to know it was me. They're going to report a
robbery to Truberville and then he'll see someone with a key had to have
opened the library and then he'll figure it out that it was me and…oh my
god, oh my god… I don't want to go to Azkaban!"

"Don't worry, luv. I know someone who can put in a good word for you
with the werewolves instead," Fred laughed. Mary started to cry.

"Shit! He's still there!" George muttered, as the Sentinel turned a
corner behind them. They ducked down another street, and he threw up a
blocking charm to buy some time. They didn't stay out in the open long
enough to see if it worked before they ducked into to the remains of a
half collapsed house. Not daring to light their wands lest they be seen
again, they stumbled blindly over broken timbres and bricks, feeling
their way with their free hands. As they exited out the back of the
house and into a tiny brick littered garden, the sky above suddenly
bloomed red. George sighed heavily.

"A flare. He's called for backup."

"Should we hit the sewers?" Fred asked.

"It rained hard this afternoon. If we don't drown down there, we'll
freeze. Besides, our best bet is to get back to the tavern and I don't
know how to get there from the sewers."

"Yeah, you're right. We'll just have to risk it."

The frightened page shook her head.

"W-wait… shouldn't we… maybe if we just surrender. I mean… we didn't… it
was an accident. We could explain…"

"Too late for that. All or nothing now. Come on."

Placing Mary between them, George led the way and Fred guarded the back,
each of them casting Silencing charms and Notice-me-nots and what ever
spell was needed as they moved through the rubble and shadows of London.
Several times they heard the sound of shouts and running feet, saw the
hazy light of lumos charms beyond collapsed walls and from around the
corners of shops, but no one crossed their paths directly.

The terrain proved to be in their favor. There was a never ending supply
of hiding places in the street and among the rubble, and too few
Sentinels to look through it all effectively. Twice they had to duck
behind a wall or a bush, and wait, crowded so tightly and so tensely
together they could feel every heaving breath and fluttering heart beat
in each others body as a Sentinel hunted for them mere feet from where
they hid. Then the danger passed, and they still didn't move until the
embarrassment of their intimate position gave them the courage to move
on.

Gradually, the shadows and the wand lights faded away, and they reached
the familiar street leading to the Red Weasel. More cautious than ever,
the twins took Mary around the rear of the tavern, slipping through the
back door. The kitchen was closed this late at night, so no one saw them
enter and no one heard them slip up the narrow stairway to their private
rooms, Mary still safely between them. It wasn't until they were all
seated in the private office that they managed to breathe a sigh of
relief.

At least the twins did.

"They're going to catch us. All of us. It won't take them long to figure
it out."

Fred shrugged.

"If they bother looking into it. No one was really hurt, and its not
like they have any idea who we are or what we did."

"Truberville will figure it out. He'll know it was me-"

George shook his head.

"No he won't. He might figure out it was an employee, but you
specifically? Where's the proof? Where's the motive? There has to be
nearly a hundred people who have keys to that place, and there's no way
they'll know we went into the basement. Anyway, we'll provide you with
an alibi just in case. We'll say we had you cleaning the kitchen for
some extra money all night. No one else here will contradict us."

"And where are your alibis?" she pointed out.

"Why, we were here, of course," Fred said, smiling confidently. "Like he
said, no one here will contradict us. Not for Sentinels, anyway."

This was very true, and even Mary could see the logic behind it. There
was a fair bit of resentment among Londoners over the Sentinel's lack of
response during the Italian invasion. Culties had a sort of excuse,
being stretched thin in both Europe and at home, but Sentinels were
assigned to localities, which they should have been protecting at all
costs. Their absence during the siege had severely damaged their
relationship with the city's citizens, and the chance of anyone giving
up local heroes to them over a little bit of harmless mischief was slim
to none.

Slowly, Mary managed to calm down as she realized they had, in fact,
gotten away with it. A smile suddenly spread across her face that almost
rivaled the twins in its impishness.

"Oh, I wish I could see Truberville's expression when he finds out."

---

By Thursday, the entire school knew Harry had been in France over the
weekend, and that he had been a big hit with France's crown princess and
there were rumors of romantic interest. The Gryffindor would gladly have
dismissed these rumors as nonsense, but he really didn't have any proof
to the contrary. He had knowingly and willingly danced with the
princess, she did like him, and he had the approval of both the Queen
and Lord Voldemort. The *possibility* of something between them
happening proved stronger than the *reality* of it.

Natalie hadn't spoken to him since he got back.

Ginny kept asking if he was *positive* he hadn't been even a little
interested.

Otherwise, it was business as usual. He went to class, he studied with
Hermione in the library, he fulfilled his liaison duties in Hogsmeade
Hall, practiced for Dueling club, and spent his free time either working
art projects or hanging out with his friends. His schedule tended to
lean towards the frantic side, so he had had little opportunity to worry
about anything other than what was immediately important. In his
distraction, he had failed to notice the signs of an impending
confrontation, until he found himself suddenly surrounded while walking
to breakfast on Thursday.

Three students had stopped him in the hall, two of them blocking his
movement forward and a third the chance of retreat. Normally, he would
already have his wand out and maneuvered himself so his back was facing
a wall, but they had caught him at a vulnerable moment. His arms were
full of books, and his wand stuck up his sleeve. Putting his back to the
wall now would only leave himself cornered, and the only way to get his
wand was to the drop the books which were heavy and not in the sturdiest
of conditions. He wasn't afraid yet. He was annoyed.

"What do you want?" he asked shortly.

Gerry St. James smiled at him haughtily, his arms crossed and his wand
resting clearly in view. Trudy Sabbat mirrored him. Harry didn't
recognize the stooge at his back, but he assumed the ratty-looking boy
was mimicking them.

"What have you got here, Potter?" St. James asked innocently enough,
snagging a book from the top of the pile in Harry's arms. "Runic
Traditions of Ireland? Well, that's… suitably freakish. Sacrifice any
chickens lately?"

Sabbat tittered insipidly.

"Why? Are you volunteering?" the harassed Gryffindor said smartly. The
amusement on the boy's face evaporated. Maliciously, he threw the book
in his hand to the ground, where it burst and the pages scattered across
the floor. Harry's mind blanked for a moment, stunned by the pointless
destruction of school property.

"What are you doing?" he snapped.

"What's the matter? Aren't you going to run to Snape to come and punish
us? Or can't you? I can't help but notice you're not exactly the
Headmaster's favorite person anymore. You've been on the outs for
months. That's why he didn't stop the pranks when they first started.
He's left you to fend for yourself."

To prove his point, he reached out to snatch another book, but Harry was
faster and twisted away. The goon at his back blocked his retreat, and
before he knew it his arms were pulled behind his back. His books fell
to the floor, but he wasn't concerned about them anymore.

He threw his head back, smashing the goon in the nose. There was a yelp
and the hold on him loosened. St. James and Sabbat's wands were up and
already shouting out Stunners. Still not quite free of the hold on him,
Harry twisted so that he and the goon were turned around. The Stunners
hit his captor straight in the back, and they were both thrown forward.
He was not hit directly, but he was so close some of it managed to seep
into him so that when he was thrown his arms and legs were too numb to
catch him. He rolled across the floor from the momentum of the spell,
before slowing enough to scramble to his half numb feet.

He flicked his wand into his hand, but it fell out of his numb fingers.
He summoned it back into his hand with a wordless commander, just in
time to throw up a Shield Charm. The force of the spells as they struck
shook him, and he stumbled but kept to his feet. He tried a medium
Blasting Hex, but the wand gesture was too complicated and he fumbled
his wand, but recovered fast enough to spit out yet another spell.

"*Expecto patronum!*"

The white, ghostly stag leaped from his wand gracefully, knocking aside
two spells with a wave of his ethereal antlers. St. James and Sabbat
were forced to duck as the their own spellwork ricocheted back at them.

"What the bloody hell is that?" Trudy shrieked

"It's just a patronos! It can only hurt dementors!" her cohort snapped
back at her.

"Screw this! I'm not messing around with it!"

She turned and fled without looking back. Meanwhile, Harry staggered
towards his patronus, slipping his arm over its back for support. Warm
magic lapped against his body, dispelling the residual effects of the
Stunner. The numbness receded from his body, and as it did, his anger
took to the foreground. His venomous green eyes turned to St James,
promising bloody, painful murder.

Or at least that what the other boy interpreted it as. If it really had
been Harry's murderous gaze, than he would have been frozen in place and
pissed himself. What he was actually seeing was the 'I'm going to curse
you naked and then throw you in the lake' look. Which was still plenty
scary enough to have Gerry turning tail to follow after Sabbat.

"*Confringo!*"

St. James was blasted off his feet and into the air, where he spun
around like a top before crashing back to the ground. Harry stared at
him dumbly, then at his wand. It hadn't been him.

"You alright, Harry?" a voice floated towards him

"Draco?"

The Malfoy heir appeared from around the corner, his wand drawn and
looking arrogantly pleased with himself. He spared Harry a glance before
strutting towards his fallen target.

"Come to save the day," Draco said in wry humor, kicking the groaning
body beneath him lightly.

Harry rolled his eyes.

"I had him on the run already."

His friend did not seem fazed by this in the least.

"Then I am merely fashionably late. I don't suppose you've hammered in
the lesson before you sent him scurrying back into his hole?"

"Lesson?"

Draco's responding eye roll was epic. Harry was certain that it had
tilted the Earth's axis by a fraction of a centimeter with the power of
its centripetal motion.

"Yes, the *lesson*. The most important part of a power demonstration.
The one that teaches them that they are merely insects who must scurry
out from under your foot if they do not wished to be trod."

"You need therapy, Draco. Years and years of therapy."

"Says the sixteen year old cuddling Santa's reindeer in the middle of
the hall."

"You're just jealous because yours is a flamingo."

"It's an ibis, not a flamingo!"

"Mmhmm."

"Oh, be silent, you ignoramus. I'm teaching him a lesson, so *you* might
as well learn something too."

Harry felt some trepidation at letting Draco proceed, but not enough to
stop him. Gerry was a nuisance he had been willing enough to ignore, but
this blatant attack against him had dissolved his tolerance. As long as
his friend didn't do anything permanent or dangerous, he was willing to
sit back and watch. He ran a caressing hand down his patronus' back,
silently communicating his thanks before dismissing him back to his own
plane of existence. When he turned his attention back to the Slytherin,
he was straddling Gerry's chest.

"*Innervate.*"

Instantly, Gerry started to struggle violently, kicking his feet and
wiggling his trapped arms. He was getting nowhere fast. Draco's position
was perfectly stable and perfectly immobilizing. He smiled down at is
victim with perfect white teeth.

"What's your name again? Never mind, I'll only forget it again by the
time we're done. The important question I suppose is whether you know
who *I* am. Do you?"

Gerry glared at him hatefully.

"Yeah. You're Potter's bitch."

Harry was renown for his speed as both a quidditch player and as a
duelist, but even he didn't think he could have moved as quickly as a
Malfoy whose honor had been insulted. He barely even saw the boy's hand
as he smashed it straight down onto Gerry's nose. He did hear the crack,
however.

"AAAaaahhh!"

Harry jumped, startled.

"Merlin, Draco! *Silencio encumbante!*"

A dome of silence rose up around them, holding Gerry's scream, which was
now becoming gurgled as blood surged into his nostrils. Draco gave Harry
an apologetic shrug.

"Sorry."

"Thuck, you bwoke my noes!" Gerry gurgled, struggling to breath as blood
flowed down his nasal cavity and into his throat. Draco's wand
reappeared from up his sleeve, and with a flick of his wand, there was
another sharp snapping sound and another scream of pain. This time,
however, Gerry's nose was straightened and the blood had disappeared.

"Prove it," the Malfoy heir said, cheerfully.

Gerry eyed him fearfully. His eyes flickered towards Harry, as if asking
to be saved, but he found nothing but annoyance there. It would take
more than that to inspire a rescue attempt. Harry rather suspected that
if he hadn't been able to defend himself, St James and his minions would
have done at least as bad and probably worse.

Draco's wand disappeared again. A moment later, a long, slender dagger
took its place. Gerry's eyes widened. So did Harry's.

"Uncle Severus gave me this knife as a birthday present. He says magic
is all well and good, but sometimes something more… visceral… is needed.
I have come to see the wisdom behind these words, so I carry this with
me everywhere I go. Just in case. I haven't had a lot of opportunity to
make use of it, which is why I am actually quite pleased to have found
you today."

"W-what are you going to do?"

Draco made a show of giving it some thought, tapping the blade gently
against his lip.

"I don't know. How much time do we have, Harry?"

The Gryffindor just stared at him. Draco turned and winked at him with
the eye Gerry couldn't see. Harry blinked, then scrambled for his pocket
watch.

"We only have twenty-three minutes until our next class."

His friend sighed, and turned back to his victim.

"Bother. I haven't even eaten yet. Well, I'll just have to assume you
have something vaguely resembling intelligence then, and give you the
lesson summary."

Again, his hand lashed out in lightening speed, slashing open Gerry's
cheek. The captive boy's scream was more out of fear than real pain, the
wound too shallow to have done any real harm. Even so, Harry was already
moving to put a stop to it. Draco speared him with a look that made him
pull up short. Beneath him, Gerry was now shaking and crying, tears and
snot running down his face.

"Mess with any of my friends again, and I'll cut you into teeny tiny
pieces and feed you to the owls. Mess with me, and I'll ruin you; mind,
body, and soul. Do you understand?"

"Yes, yes! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!"

Draco grinned.

"Good thing I'm such a nice guy. I forgive you," he said, and jumped to
his feet, startling Harry yet again. "Come on, I'm starving. There's no
way I can sit through one of Toure's lecture on an empty stomach."

Harry spared a glance at Gerry, who was still cowering on the floor and
the other boy who remained in a stunned heap on the floor. He looked
back to Draco.

"Er… me neither."

After a few minutes spent collecting and repairing the books he had
dropped, they left. They wandered away from the scene of the crime at an
amiable pace, both of them pretending absolutely nothing of interest had
just happened until they were at the bottom of the stairs.

"Therapy Draco… therapy and calming draughts."

"Pssh, like you didn't enjoy that."

"I did not. That was freaky. Impressive in a twisted sort of way, but
freaky."

Draco was only looking more and more smug.

"You're welcome."

"You didn't save me. I told you I had him on the run already."

"Yes, but I prevented him from trying again. That's one less idiot you
have to worry about. I'll have Parkinson have a talk with that Sabbat
girl later."

"What? And miss another opportunity to show off your knife?"

"Don't be daft. I don't threaten girls. I'm not a barbarian."

He sounded genuinely insulted by Harry's insinuation, which was mind
boggling to the Gryffindor after what had just happened.

"How did you know I was being threatened?"

"I didn't. I came to find you, and just wandered in on the scene. Lucky
you."

Harry closed his eyes and counted to five, then opened them again. They
were both just two friends heading to breakfast together. Nothing
strange had happened. It had all just been a weird dream best forgotten.

"So what did you want to talk about?"

"Have you heard anything more about Hermione's sponsor?"

"Nothing since the last time you asked. Don't worry. Skeeter's reliable
when it comes to getting things done. She'll pull through for us."

"If you say so," he said, but there was no reassurance in his
expression. Harry gave him a friendly nudge.

"What is it? Something happen you're not telling me about?"

Draco shook his head.

"It's nothing. Just… I got a letter from my dad. It was… off… somehow.
He asked about Hermione. He never asks about her. He asked about you
too. It could be coincidence, but… I don't know. I don't like it."

The Malfoy's unease was contagious, and no sooner than he had finished
speaking than Harry was infected with it as well. He was suddenly aware
that he was juggling several problems at once, and it wouldn't take much
for it all to come tumbling down around him. He felt his heart rate
begin to quicken, and his palms began to sweat. He closed his eyes and
counted backwards from one hundred. The panic attack receded as quickly
as it had reared, but he could feel it lingering around the periphery of
his senses. He would need to go back to his room for his anti-anxiety
potion. He didn't like to take it if he could help it, but he wasn't
going risk it when the signs were this obvious.

"You okay?" Draco asked, catching the sudden quickening of his
breathing. "You didn't get hit during the fight did you?"

"I'm fine. Don't take this personally, but thinking about your dad and
Hermione at the same time just pisses me off."

The Slytherin chuckled at that.

"Yeah, I get that. He's an asshole, but he's still my dad."

"Better you than me."

---

"Mr. Potter!"

Harry jumped, nearly dropping his letter. Mentally, he let out a sigh.
He had hoped to escape the Great Hall so that he could return to the
dormitory to get his potion and read his letter in peace before he had
to go to class. It seemed it was not to be, and he plastered on a
patient smile as he turned to greet Vector.

"Professor."

"Good news! Those books you requested just arrived! We should have
plenty of research material now to get started!"

Harry's smile turned a bit more genuine. The twins had managed to pull
off another miracle. That meant he would soon be able to cure Ron, and
wash his hands of the fool with a clear conscious. Similarly, perhaps he
would soon be able to get Vector off his case as well. She was nice
enough as far as teachers go, but her stalkerish tendencies were
starting to grate on his nerves.

"That is good news. I'll try to take a look at them after class, but I'm
afraid I won't be able to do anything tonight."

Vector looked startled. As a teacher, she wasn't used to her students
refusing her anything directly. She didn't immediately know how to
react.

"Oh? You have plans tonight?" she tried, her expression stuck somewhere
between benign interest and annoyance. Harry pretended not to notice and
smiled pleasantly.

"It's the full moon tonight, Professor."

"Oh. Oh! Of course, how silly of me. Tomorrow night then?"

"After dinner?"

"An early dinner?"

"Sure. I'll see you tomorrow night then," he agreed. Not exactly how he
wanted to spend a Friday night, but these days there weren't really many
ways to entertain oneself.

"Excellent. The books are in my office if you to take a peak. The
password is 'Fibonacci'."

"Thank you, ma'am."

"Ah, and before I forget, there was a letter addressed to you among
them."

She handed him a envelope, plain except for the his name painted in
overzealous calligraphy. He took it.

"Thank you."

"Good day, Potter." With that, the Arithmancy teacher exited,
practically skipping out of the Great Hall. He sighed, and turned to
leave but nearly ran face first into Hermione. She had snuck up behind
him without him having even noticed. He really was off his game that
day.

"What was that all about?" she asked in benign curiosity. There were a
lot of things these days she didn't ask Harry about, either because she
didn't expect him to tell her or because she wouldn't have known what to
say if he did, but when it came to anything school related she was
unrepentantly nosy. He tolerated it was a sort of resigned good humor
and accepted it as a strange form of affection.

"The same thing as always. Research project."

Hermione looked plainly annoyed.

"I hope she gives you credit for all the work you're putting into it. It
would look really good on your college application."

He just laughed.

"Don't laugh it off! You might think you can get into any school you
wanted with your reputation alone, but you're going to need to prove
your academic ability if you want to impress your teachers."

"Okay, okay. I get it. I'll make sure I get a byline."

"Make sure you do. What else do you have there?" she asked, pointing to
his other letters.

"Follow me to the dorm and I'll tell you."

"We're going to be late!"

"It's just History of Magic!"

"Which you shouldn't be skipping. You're way behind as it is."

He shrugged. He had his priorities in order, so attempted to use logic
against him was useless. Letters and his anti-anxiety potions trumped
History of Magic essays any day. Despite her misgivings, Hermione's
priorities were also in order as well, and she followed after him.

He opens the letter Vector gave him on the way. As he guessed, its from
the twins, but it was not the humorous exaltation he was used to. There
was no humor in it in fact, and the words are written with such careful
politeness he never would have believed the twins had written it except
no one else could have known the things in the letter.

*Harry*

*We got the books like you asked. We need to know what you are using
them for. Especially the red one. And don't say it's for research.
That's not going to cut it this time. We expect an answer soon or we're
going to come looking for one.*

*F&G*

*P.S. If you hear we've been arrested, we expect you to make bail for
us.*

Okay, so maybe that last part was a little funny. Maybe. Unless they
were serious. He wondered what it was that had them so upset? Ron's
book, most likely, but then what could have been so bad about it? Well,
he supposed books that used Old Magic to kill people might be found as
offensive to some people, including the twins. He'd sort it out with
them soon enough, but in the meantime he might want to sneak off with
'the red book' before Vector decided to take a gander at it. Good thing
Snape hand't managed to catch the letter, or he was positive he would
never even have seen the book let alone made use of it.

Thinking of Snape brought on a moment angst he had been happily avoiding
for the last couple of days. They hadn't spoken in weeks now, and while
that wasn't something he would have considered a bad thing, it left him
feeling anxious that the man might be intentionally avoiding him. They
had had no weekly visits since Hogwarts had been attacked, and what
little contact they had had during the tumultuous days after had been
cool and distant and had eventually tapered off into nonexistence as
they both busied themselves with their own responsibilities.

He didn't like the distance, but he didn't know what to do about it or
if there *was* anything to do. They weren't friends. They certainly
weren't family. Most of the time they were barely civil towards each
other, and if it weren't for Voldemort forcing them together they
probably wouldn't have given each other the time of day. And yet…

And yet nothing.

It didn't matter. Whatever it was that stuck them together in the first
place wasn't going to last forever. They both had their own lives and
inevitably those would go in separate directions. If not now, then soon.
It was only natural.

No point thinking about it now anyway.

"Is something wrong, Harry?" Hermione asked, reaching for the letter
that seemed to have bothered him so much. He quickly tucked it into his
robes.

"For the sake of plausible deniability, I don't think you should look at
that."

"What?"

"I don't want you to be an accomplice to a felony."

"What? What did you do?"

"*I*didn't do anything. Well, I might have commissioned a crime. I don't
know what they call that in legal terms. I didn't pay anyone money
though, so maybe it doesn't count."

She gave him a horrified look. He wondered what her response would have
been if she had seen Draco half an hour ago.

"Um… what's the penalty for stealing from the National Library?"

"Merlin, you didn't!"

"Hypothetically speaking then."

"Oh god."

"I promise it was for a good cause."

"Oh really? And what cause is that?"

"Er… can't tell you that either, since it also involves a possible
felony."

"Harry… are you involved in organized crime?"

"… organized isn't the word I would use for it…"

"What are you thinking? Seriously, what are you getting yourself
involved in? Do you think there won't be any consequences just because
you're in Voldemort's favor?"

"Um… no… strangely enough, most of my crimes are committed trying to
keep him from finding out about things. And Snape. And all those
University application committees of course."

"Harry!"

---

Harry opened the second letter by himself in the dormitory. Hermione had
fled in a frustrated huff, possibly to research rehabilitation methods
for juvenile delinquents. This was for the best, as the letter was from
his godfathers, and if his criminal behavior bothered her it was nothing
compared to her icy disapproval over his continued relations with
Britain's Head Alpha.

This was Harry's first letter since the beginning of term, and he felt a
mixture of elation and dread to hold it in his hands. He loved his
godfathers dearly and was always eager to receive news about happenings
in the colony, but that didn't keep him from acknowledging that
happenings there tended to have negative consequences for him. Sirius
and Remus had been adamant about keeping his involvement with pack
politics and intrigue to a minimum recently, but he doubted those
feelings would mean much if circumstances didn't cooperate with them.

Chances were, he wouldn't cooperate either, if he felt circumstances
required his participation.

He wasn't even half way through the letter before he was certain that
his intervention would prove necessary. There had been an attack
recently on one of the new colonies in Ireland. Sirius was pointedly
vague on the details and intentionally overbearing in his assistance
that Harry's involvement was not necessary. He had only been informed so
that he wouldn't overreact if he saw some outrageous story in the paper
or Snape decided to torment him over it. Snape would never do that of
course, as provoking Harry to misplacement himself had never been one of
his hobbies. His was correct, however, in assuming Harry would have
potentially tried to run off if this story had caught him off guard. At
the very least, he would have been severely pissed off.

Sirius went on to say that it was being investigated and would
eventually be resolved without his interference. Which was an odd thing
for him say. Why would there need to be an investigation? Hadn't the
attack been by Italians or Germans? Neither was mentioned, but who else
would...

Harry suddenly remembered his discussion with Draco. The boy had been
disturbed by Lucius' letter, and the inquiry about Hermione and Harry
seemed... strangely coincidental.

Had Lucius known about the attack?

Well, of course he did. That was stupid to ask even in his own head, but
had he been asking Draco about Harry's reaction to the news? Was he
testing the waters for his next proposal, demand, threat? He had been so
wrapped up in fighting the circumstances around Hermione's betrothal and
his myriad of other problems that he had nearly forgotten there was a
very real villain lurking in the wings. A man both willing and eager to
manipulate him until he was securely under his thumb.

Willing and eager to stage an attack on a werewolf colony to do so?

Unease from his talk with Draco returned, this time with the strength of
a mountain troll and an even worse temper. He could feel his heart
quicken, pounding against his lungs, making hard to breathe. Oh God, had
Lucius arranged an attack on the colony just to gain Harry's attention?
He had said himself that he had the means to make life not only
difficult but down right precarious for everyone Harry held dear. Had
anyone in the colony been hurt? Had anyone died? For what? Because Harry
was dragging his feet in getting back to that pompous ass?

He clambered off his bed and stumbled towards his trunk, throwing it
open. Half a dozen protective spells activated instantly, sizzling
against his skin like a low grade acid, but he even in his frantic
carelessness he managed to keep himself from triggering anything.
Pulling a small vial of purple liquid from a hidden nook in the lid of
the trunk, he uncorked it with his teeth and downed the contents in one
gulp. It tasted predictably dreadful, but sharp kick to his senses was
invigorating. His heart jumped twice, painfully, then settled and the
world seemed suddenly quiet and peaceful.

He had to give Snape credit. He knew how to make a potion, and his
anti-anxiety potion was its own miracle. There was neither fatigue nor
numbness, indeed, everything seemed strangely clear and focused and
there was a novel idea that he could understand the world completely if
he just took a moment to really think about it. Which was just a side
affect. Snape had warned him that he would think himself terrible clever
for about twenty minutes after taking the potion, and it was best to
keep his mouth shut and not attempt any potentially dangerous spell
craft until the feeling past.

He climbed back onto his bed and laid down. He was already fifteen
minutes late for History of Magic, and it seemed silly to go now.
Professor Toure would expect an explanation and if Snape were to be
believed it was probably best he didn't offer her one until he was more
himself. Besides, it would be considerably more productive to stay where
he was for a bit and consider this latest situation.

Stopping to think about it, it seemed silly now to think Lucius would
attack a werewolf colony. Voldemort would crucio him until Christmas, if
nothing else.

Then again, the Dark Lord was in France now... or possibly leading an
advance in the south of Germany and organizing their new allies into a
usable fighting force. But still...

Something about the entire situation seemed off. Why would the Germans
or Italians attack a colony? Admittedly, there was the whole
anti-werewolf sentiment going on, but strategically it was a waste of
resources and, more importantly, counterproductive. The werewolves were
removed from the fighting, but that wouldn't last if the Germans decided
to provoke them personally.

If the attack had even been that serious. Perhaps the 'attack' hadn't
been anything more than harassment, vandalism, or something like that.
Something Lucius might stage and possibly manage without earning
Voldemort's ire.

His thoughts chased themselves in circles, until he let out an annoyed
sigh. He needed more information before he decided what to do. He needed
to know more about the attack on the colony; how serious it was and who
was behind it.

This was easier said than done.

Snape might tell him, if he even knew or if he weren't avoiding him
lately. It was unlikely his godfathers would cooperate, as hell bent as
they were in keeping him out of it. Additionally, it would take weeks
for him to get a letter out to them and then receive a response. This
was true of everyone he knew outside the castle, and no one inside would
be much help. He didn't have weeks to waste.

That left him with only one option left.

Unconsciously, his right hand rubbed against the invisible mark over his
stomach.

---

Harry never made it to History of Magic. He did not make it to Herbology
either. He did make it to Potions, but only so he could ask Slughorn for
some ingredients from his stores. When asked, he told the professor it
was part of his research project with Professor Vector. He wasn't
worried about him asking the Arithmany teacher about it. Vector had a
bad habit of talking incessantly about her research until everyone grew
mentally numb from listening. Now no one knew what she was really doing
and no one wanted to.

No one questioned Harry either, although it wasn't because they didn't
want to know. Quite the opposite, in fact. Through the entire day,
people had been watching him curiously and yet remained deliberately out
of his way. Maybe they had heard something from Gerry, maybe they were
nervous around him because of the full moon, or perhaps something about
his eyes screamed of an intentness that would not be distracted,
waylaid, or defied.

He was on a mission.

Hermione was not impressed.

"What are doing Harry? You missed two classes and barely did a thing in
Potions! Are you trying to get into trouble?" she demanded as they left
Potions together. Draco trailed behind them, more curious than concerned
and like everyone else unwilling to ask directly.

"Of course not. I just have something more important going on. I can
make up those classes this weekend."

"Does this have something to do with the letter from your godfathers? I
thought they weren't going to involve you in their problems anymore!"

He felt himself bristle at the accusation in her voice.

"It has to do with Lucius," he said pointedly.

Her anger instantly fled, and she visibly wilted into contrition and
guilt. Her adoptive father had always been a plague to her existence,
and it didn't sit well with her that she had dragged Harry into his line
of sight. Or rather, that he had thrown himself between the two of them.

"What about my father?" Draco asked, finally motivated enough to ask.

"He's issued me a challenge. At least, I believe he has. I'm going to
find out."

"You're not sneaking out of the castle again, are you?" she asked.

"I'm not going anywhere. I'm just going to gather some information using
a spell. Don't worry so much."

"A spell? What kind of spell?"

"A very old one."

Which was pretty much Harry's way of telling her to stop asking.
Hermione admired the magic he did, but part of her feared it too. It was
one of the few things she refused to learn for herself. That was just as
well, as part of Harry feared teaching her. It wasn't something that he
could simply hand her a book on and expect her to learn on her own. It
required an introduction by someone already more familiar, and the
intimacy and trust that was required from that sharing was both terribly
enticing and frightening.

It was difficult enough handling his relationship with Voldemort, he
didn't think he could handle another relationship of that intensity with
someone else and survive it.

The conversation ended there. Harry still had preparations to make in
the green house and Hermione and Draco had their own plans to study in
the library. The siblings watched with unresolved tension as their
friend left to do those strange, mysterious, dangerous things he was
renown for.

Harry spares them only a moment's thought before his focus was once
again on his plans. He has spent most of the morning and afternoon
gathering supplies, skipping not only classes by lunch as well. He would
skip dinner as well, because for what he intended a ritual purification
was necessary and that meant only water for the rest of the day. For the
few remaining hours of daylight, he cloistered himself in his private
greenhouse, tracing runes onto an empty space between plant boxes and a
collection of empty pots.

Inana sunned herself on top of the pots, the rusty orange terracotta far
warmer than the cool gray stones around them. The greenhouse was always
warm, but even here the Queen of the Nile could feel the changing
seasons, and she prepared for her upcoming winter hibernation by sighing
listlessly and complaining to Harry about him never visiting.

The sun set and the greenhouse became dark. He didn't want to perform
the spell until after curfew, when the halls would be mostly empty so he
left for a time to continue purification rituals in the prefects
bathroom. Technically, Harry wasn't allowed to use it, and normally he
didn't feel any desire to do so, but he always knew the password to get
inside and tonight he felt the need for privacy. He showered in lukewarm
water, then then filled the ridiculously large tub with cold water and
submerged himself.

He didn't dare close his eyes. Every time he did there was a memory of
drowning. Instead, he kept his eyes open and trained on the tall, narrow
windows, tracking the fat orange moon as She rose slowly into the sky.
Even through the distortion of the water he could follow Her easily.

Eventually, he climbed out and took another shower, this one scolding
hot to driving the icy ache from his bones. He felt purer in body if not
soul afterward.

Back to the greenhouse, passing by the few remaining stragglers as they
made their way back to their dorms before curfew. The prefects eyed him
suspiciously but didm't stop him. At some point, Sentinel Seitler
started to follow him.

"What are you doing?" he asks.

"Waiting out the moon. It's full tonight."

"I thought you got that fixed."

Harry spared him a glance, but didn't answer. Seitler didn't ask again,
but followed him to the greenhouse where Harry pointedly shut the door
in face. He'll pay for it later, but for what he intended he didn't want
an audience.

Inside, he burned fragrant herbs in tiny terracotta pots, filling the
air with autumn smells of apples, cinnamon, pumpkin, wet leaves, and
smokey wood. He breathed deep. He exhaled slowly.

Inana watched him motionlessly, without so much as a flicker of her
forked tongue.

Carefully, he removed his school robes, folded them and set them aside.
He took off his shoes and socks, unbuttoned his shirt and rolled up his
sleeves. The greenhouse was warm and the light shining through the
skylight was the color of burning coals, but his hands trembled as he
reached for charm he had spent the better half of the afternoon making.

It wa not pretty by any stretch of the imagination. It was an
amalgamation of leather, wool threads, bits of bone, silver coins, dried
monkshood, tiny vials with drops of Inana's venom and honey, and other
things he himself didn't know the name of. It' was a frightening mess of
things and made his wrist itch as he secured it around his left arm, but
he didn't dare do this without some form of protection.

The runes scattered around the room began to glow faintly. There was no
pattern to their disbursement. For this particular ritual, there was no
need for ritual wards. His charm would provide him the necessary
protection, at least for next few hours. The runes were only there to
set a mood, to offer a enticement to Rhiannon to turn his way. He would
need to seduce Her to get what he wanted.

Finally, he reached for the small box he has set aside for last. He ran
his hands over the wood, fingers tracing the intricate carvings etched
there, before opening it. Inside was his ritual dagger, slim and
deceptively delicate. He had not touched it since that summer, but still
he could feel the currents of his own magic at its most intense
throbbing against skin.

He took another deep breath of the fragrant air. Held it. Released it
slowly. Then reached for the blade.

---

Snape sent Ira back to their quarters early that night. There had been
small happenings all day, and the rise of a harvest moon left him with a
premonition of danger. He was not typically a superstitious man, but
when it came to the castle he had learned to trust his instincts. The
day he had officially accepted the title of headmaster, a magical
connection had been formed between him and the school; one that grew
stronger with every passing day. It was nothing overt, merely a mild
pressure on his subconscious, but enough that he had a general sense of
where problems might arise.

Three students had turned up in the infirmary that day with injuries and
refused to explain the cause.

Professor Vector had received a delivery of books from the National
Library, which should have been impossible according to Slughorn's
account of 'Doctor' Truberville.

Harry had been behaving like a juvenile delinquent all day and the
teachers had been less than useless in handling the matter. If
McGonagall hadn't been put up with the flu, the situation would never
have been tolerated.

None of these incidents were particularly alarming on their own, but all
of it happening in one day made him nervous. So he stayed in his office
late, reviewing the latest list of complaints filtering up from
Hogsmeade Hall, and trying to ignore the low hum in the back of his
brain that warned him something was happening. He was so absorbed in
*not*thinking about it that he failed to notice when he was no longer
alone.

"Headmaster-"

Snape leaped up from his chair, his wand jumping into his hand. The
chair fell over, his papers scattered, and his scotch glass tipped and
spilled its contents over a pile of supply inquisitions. Harry tilted
his head, smiling in bemusement at the chaos he had inadvertently caused
and Snape's ruined composure. The headmaster spared him a withering
glare, but it quickly receded as he took in his intruder's appearance.

If Snape's desk were a mess it was nothing compared to Harry himself. He
was half naked, with only a pair of trousers and a truly hideous
bracelet on his wrist to cover him. Blood was splattered and smeared
randomly across his body, although the greatest quantity seemed to
originate directly below his naval. Most alarming of all were the
absence of his glasses, and a familiar, eerie glow to his eyes.

"Potter, what have you done?" he demanded, fighting down the wave of
panic. He had dealt with a moon crazed Harry plenty of times before, but
he could not help but be shaken at having been caught off his guard,
especially since even at his craziest he had never seen the boy in such
a state.

"Don't worry, it's all mine," he said, referring to the blood.

It honestly hadn't occurred to Snape that it could have been someone
else's, although it really should have.

"What did you do? How did you get in here?"

Harry shrugged and stepped further into the room. Snape fought the urge
to take a step back.

"I did *magic*." He laughed softly, like it was a joke, and therefore
didn't warrant any further explanation. The headmaster scowled.

"I can see that. Where is Seitler?"

Because the man should have been watching Harry and prevented this from
ever happening, or at the very least warned the headmaster that it was.
The maddened youth was as uninterested in this question as the ones
before it. He changed the subject.

"I've missed you, you know."

"What?"

"I've missed you. You're a right pain in the ass, but you're the closest
thing I have to a father. It's not fair for you to ignore me."

"Christ, Potter, just stop talking."

It was as much a plea as a demand. He didn't want to hear this. Harry
moved slowly closer.

"I am sorry about the baby."

Closer.

"Shut up."

"Do you blame me for that too? Like Larousse?"

Closer. Closer. He was standing right in front of his desk now.

"*Shut up!*"

"If you want me to, I'll make it up to you. Ira would never miscarry
again."

An unnameable, unspeakable dread came over Snape at the thought of this
mad creature laying so much as a finger one his wife. He didn't
understand the forces that governed Harry and the Dark Lord's lives, but
he wanted no part of it for himself or his family. Their fates would be
their own to decide.

"There is nothing I want from you."

The boy fell silent, his expression disappeared and he merely stared at
Snape for a long moment. The moment passed, and emotion once again
flickered across his face. Unfortunately, it was anger.

"I need to speak with Lucius Malfoy."

"Absolutely not."

There were a hundred reasons to keep Lucius and Harry as far away from
each other as possible. Thirty of those reasons were for Lucius' sake.
Another thirty were for Harry's. The rest were either for everyone
else's benefit, including his own.

"He allowed one of my brothers to be killed."

Snape felt a moment of confusion, before he realized the boy was
referring to a werewolf. His mind began to race. He could recall looking
through the letter from Sirius Black, and finding his evasive wording
suspicious but nothing to indicate that Lucuis was somehow involved. But
then again, Black had not really given a clue as to who really had been
responsible and that meant he was worried about Harry trying to hunt the
culprit or culprits down.

The question after 'who' was 'why'. What could he gain from killing a
werewolf? A message? To whom? The Head Alpha? His own followers?

Harry?

That was ridiculous. Voldemort would never had allowed... except
Voldemort was across the channel and unlikely to return any time soon,
leaving the werewolves vulnerable. But it still didn't answer 'why'? If
it were Lucius, it made no sense to him.

"How do you know this?"

Harry flung his arm out sharply, pointing to the window. Outside, the
yellow moon leered at them. Snape rolled his eyes.

"I hardly think the moon counts as a reliable source. If you recall, it
rather convinced you to go to war with Germany."

"That was Greyback. Rhiannon played no part in that."

"Potter, look at me. This is me *not* caring."

Green eyes flashed with anger. Snape's hand tightened around his wand,
but he did not move to use it. Potter had no wand, a small blessing, and
he would rather not use his own if he didn't have to.

"Well, that's just typical of you, isn't it?" he sneered, and on his
face it was not so different from a werewolf's snarl. "I don't suppose I
should be surprised. You have a tendency to 'not care' whenever it
involves Lucius."

"What the hell is that supposed to mean?"

"You don't give a damn about the werewolves. It probably makes you smile
to think about them cut down one by one. You'd keep me here just to see
if it would happen more often. Damn you, I won't just wait around while
he threatens my family. I am not you."

"What are you accusing me of? Helping Lucius, who you still haven't
convinced me is guilty of anything, to kill werewolves? I have enough to
deal with without involving myself in recreational lycanicide."

"I am accusing you of not keeping your promise *because* of Lucius. Have
you done anything for Hermione since you learned of her betrothal?"

Snape was struck mute. Hermione. He had every intention of helping her,
but he honestly did not know where to start. Lucius was avoiding him
completely. Narcissa was caught up in the fantasy that marrying Hermione
to a pureblood would secure her future, and if he tried to disillusion
her and failed, he would have succeeded in nothing but alienating both
his old friends which would not help his goddaughter in the slightest.
If he could only find the time and energy to spare, he was positive he
could have found a solution already, but neither were in abundant supply
as of late.

He had no intention of making excuses to Harry, however.

"I will do my part," he snarled back. "I always do."

"Then do it, already! And allow me to do the same."

"Potter, I know it escapes your notice from time to time but you are not
an adult. You are my ward-"

One moment the boy was standing there perfectly still and the next he
was atop Snape's desk, crouched on all fours and baring his teeth. He
threw his wand out in front of him to cast a Stunner, but Harry knocked
his arm aside with one hand and then swung it back around to smash it
into the man's face. Snape stumbled back, tripping over this chair and
falling heavily onto his back. He barely had time to inhale some of the
air that had knocked out of him, when the crazed youth leaped at him to
resume the attack.

Snape caught him his foot, kicking him in the chest. Harry flew back
across the desk and over the other side. It bought him the time he
needed to climb back to his feet. His wand was still in his hand.

"Potter, you crazy son of b-"

"You don't get to do that!"

The voice drifted up from behind the desk, but the boy didn't stand. He
was using his position to avoid Snape's wand.

"Do what? What is wrong with you?"

"You don't get to tell me I'm a man and then treat me like a child when
its convenient for you. You don't get to ignore me for over a month and
then pretend like you care! Be my enemy, be my friend, or be my father.
Be one thing or the other*.*I am sick of you trying to be all three."

Ira had told him that he was guilty of being to Potter whatever was most
convenient to him at the moment, but it hadn't occurred to him that the
boy would also be aware of this. He never figured Harry to be more
observant than himself.

He never figured him to be faster either, but when that skinny little
body moved it was damn near inhuman. His shot off the stunner instantly,
but Harry had anticipated it and thrown file of papers snatched up from
the desk. The file and spell collided, exploding into a cloud of
confetti. Harry burst through it to continue his attack. Knocking aside
Snape's wand hand again, he tried for another punch. Never one to be
caught by the same trick twice, the elder fighter caught the fist and
jerk it forward to land a blow of his own. Harry flew backwards again,
rolled, and fell into a crouch.

Blood streamed down his forehead where Snape had smashed him with his
elbow, but his mouth curved to bare his teeth in a vicious smile. He
coughed out a laughed, wretched and mad, mad, mad.

"I always wondered... how good of a fighter you were. I only ever saw
you fight Moody, and I was really too distracted to see much."

Snape fought to remain in control of his anger. He wanted nothing more
at that moment than to give the boy a real demonstration of what he was
capable of, but he had more self control than that. He did not truly
want to hurt Harry, and the chances were that Harry didn't truly want to
hurt him either. He was just crazy. Moon mad. He would find a way to
stun Harry and then dole out a suitable punishment when he came back to
his senses.

"What do you expect to accomplish by all of this? Do you think I will
let you see Lucius if you beat me up? Even you are not so asinine."

The mad child laughed. Listening closer, Snape could now make out a hint
of desperation.

"I don't know, I don't know. I made protection for myself so Rhiannon
couldn't control me completely. And it worked... all of it, just like I
planned it, but... I... I... Merlin, it's all wrong. I feel... I feel
what she *wants* me to feel, but my thoughts are my own and I can't... I
can think clearly, but I can't control myself. I feel strongly, but my
mind won't tell me what I'm feeling strongly for."

*Sane enough to know you are crazy, but too mad to stop yourself,* Snape
interpreted. He aimed his wand.

"Just hold still, Potter. I'll put you under until you come out of it."

"*No!*"

He was on his feet and charging again with his incredible speed, and the
headmaster didn't even try to get off another spell. He braced himself,
and caught his smaller attack as he careened into him, spinning and
twisting so that he was thrown off his feet. Harry, however, seized his
upper arms as he threw him and didn't let go, pulling Snape along with
him so that they were both thrown to the floor, knocking over a display
case as they went. They rolled over shards of glass, tearing skin and
cloth as they went. They stopped rolling, and Harry landed on top and
resumed his attack, clawing at the man below him. Snape clung stubbornly
to his wand with one hand, and held his attacker up off of him with the
other.

Snarling in frustration, Harry drew back enough to pull free of his
hold, before diving in again to sink his teeth into his hand. For Snape
there was a single moment of absolute terror. Harry was biting him.
Harry whose madness was the result of some strange new type of
lycanthrosis was *biting* him.

Infecting him.

"*Confringo*!"

The blasting hex threw Harry off of him. His flight was almost comical,
all flailing limbs and gracelessness, but the deafening *crack* he made
when he hit the bookshelf was anything back. He landed in a mangled
heap, books raining down after him.

Snape lay still on the floor, gasping for breathe, still caught in his
moment of absolute terror. He lay there for a long time, before reason
slowly began to return to him.

Potter's bite wasn't contagious. There had never been anything medical
professionals could identify as lycanthrosis-like, and if there had been
then surely one of Harry's random girlfriends would have displayed
symptoms of it. He was not and never would be a werewolf or go mad at
the full moon. He was fine. He was sane.

He had just killed Harry Potter for no damn reason.

Scrambling upright, he stumbled towards where the boy had fallen. His
knees were like rubber, but luckily he didn't have for go. He knelt back
down, throwing aside books that obscured his way. Beneath him, Harry lay
motionless and unnaturally pale. He could not see him breathing.

No.

He reached out to check for a pulse.

Harry shuttered and flinched away at the touch, his eyes fluttered
opened and he gasped for a breath. His eyes were still glowing, but the
madness had been replaced by confusion and fear.

"Oh..." he gasped. "I mean... ow."

Snape blinked down at him in disbelief. That spell at so close a range
in so confined a space should have killed him. Crushed his ribs, broken
his neck, his back, and smashed his skull in. He couldn't be alive. He
shouldn't be.

"Ow..." Harry repeated, and took a shaky breath. He tried to push
himself up, but flinched and laid back down. He took another breath,
then tried rolling over and climbing to his hands and knees. He had more
success with this. From there, he managed to climb to his feet with the
help of the book case. He swayed precariously, but managed to stay
upright.

"I think... I should go to the infirmary."

Slowly, but completely under his own power, Harry made his way towards
the exit. Snape could only sit there dumbly as he watched his ward's
bruised and bloody back disappear down the stairs. Snape heard the
entrance grind open and release him out into the halls.

Once alone, he looked around to survey the damage that had been done.
His desk was in shambles, most of the paperwork scattered around the
floor or else blown into shreds. One of the legs of his chair was
broken. The floors was littered with glass, the display case completely
ruined as well as a number of the incomprehensible curios it had
contained. Several books, some of them quite rare, had been thrown from
the shelves and a marble bookend had fallen and broken in half. His face
and back ached from the fight.

He should be angry, he thought. Harry had just attacked him without
cause.

He should be scared. Voldemort would punish him if he found out about
his carelessness.

He wasn't either. Harry had been foolish, which was hardly new, and had
done no permanent harm. It would only take fifteen or twenty minutes to
clean up the damage done. It had all been a spell or a ritual that got
out of hand, something he should have seen coming himself and he only
had himself to blame for not fulfilling his responsibilities by watching
him more closely.

He was not afraid Harry would tell Voldemort. Harry rarely told
Voldemort much of anything about his private life, and somehow he
couldn't imagine this situation would be any different. If his ward felt
the need for vengeance over what had happened, which was doubtful, he
would dole it out himself.

No, staring at the shambled mess that was his office, Snape felt neither
anger nor fear.

He felt shame.

---

"Mr. Potter? Are you awake dear?"

"Hmm...no..."

"Well, when you are the pain relieving potion is on your side table."

Harry opened his eyes. He made a half attempt to sit up, but immediately
gave up when pain flared in his back and ribs. Oh, Merlin, he was in the
infirmary. Again.

"What?"

"Oh good, you are awake," Madam Pomfrey said, shuffling to his side.
Weak sunlight was shining in through the windows, which meant it was
already mid-morning. There was a chair at his bedside, but it was empty
now. "Your friends already came by earlier this morning. I dare say you
will have your hands full explaining yourself to Miss Granger."

"Ugh."

"None of that now. You were in quite a state when you came in last
night. You gave my other patient a terrible fright."

"Who?"

"Miss Sabbat. I don't know if you know her. She's a Ravenclaw."

Well, wasn't that just wonderful?

"I know her."

"Well, she left early this morning. How are you feeling?"

"Sore, but I'll live."

"And so you survive yet again." There was a touch of disapproval in her
tone, as if she disappointed in his luck. Perhaps she found it
frustrating as a professional to have to keep seeing him so often. If he
were so intent on hurting himself in dangerous situations, then he
should just go ahead and finish it already. "You had some internal
injuries so I've had to rely on potions to treat you. They'll make you
feel whoozy, so I want you to stay here until lunch, and then I'm
restricting you to light work for the rest of the weekend."

He did feel whoozy and bit hazy too. He was having difficulty
remembering what he had done to get there. He remembered performing the
spell, lightly cutting his skin over the ward to allow for partial
possession that would allow him to communicate with the moon goddess. He
still had a vague memory of what he had learned, but it was hard to
focus. How had he gotten hurt?

"Don't look so disappointed. I've probably saved you from some very
nasty detentions. Sentinel Seitler said you attacked the headmaster."

Oh... OH!

"Oh no," he groaned, flinging his arm over his face. "He's going to kill
me."

"Yes, well, if he's the one responsible for your condition I would say
he came very close. A Blasting Spell on someone of your stature,
honestly."

While checking him over, she tutted and scoffed about the entire
situation, which she didn't have a clue about. Harry wasn't listening to
her. He was thinking about the night before, and the bits and pieces of
memory that were starting to come back to him. He had gone to Snape, but
his intentions weren't clear even to himself. He had asked to see
Lucius, but that hadn't been the reason why he had gone. He had wanted
to see Snape, needed to in fact, to make sense of what was happening.
His emotions were fluctuating between violent anger and loneliness and
hysteria, and none of them matched his thoughts which had been solely
focused on learning what had happened at the attack of the colony. Had
he gone to Snape for answers or to get the man to stop him?

He didn't know anymore and it hadn't gone as he had intended either way.
His anger had made him lash out, his loneliness had made him desperate,
and his hysteria had only exacerbated an already volatile situation.
Merlin, the things he had said. Had he meant any of them? Had it been
the hysteria that made him speak nonsense or had it made him speak the
truth he never would have admitted even to himself? He didn't think he
could look Snape in the eye again after this.

He had attack the man, his guardian for the better part of six years,
and drawn blood. The same man had nearly killed him in self-defense.

Where could they go from here?

Pomfrey continued to cluck like a little chicken in his ear, completely
oblivious to *his* obliviousness.

"And if you absolutely *must* go to Bristol, please refrain from using
the floo. You are likely to knock something loose, and I'd rather not
have you dropping dead in the street for no seemingly apparent reason."

He turned to her, flinching as he felt something pulled in his neck.

"What? What about Bristol?"

"Oh, the headmaster brought you a note earlier. Something about an
appointment with General Malfoy. Where did I put that thing?"

He watched her owlishly as she went to her desk and started shifting
things around. She returned few minutes later with a small yellow note.
On it was Snape's familiar sharp, elegant script.

'Potter. A meeting has been arranged for Saturday, 10:00am. Remember
that General Malfoy is even harder to kill than myself before you do
anything stupid. Kinglsey will escort you.- S.S.'

Huh.

That was... unexpected. Why was he...?

He closed his eyes. It didn't matter. The man was still avoiding him,
and would likely continue to do so for rest of their mutual lives. It
seemed unlikely that this note was an apologetic gesture. More than
likely it was short term exile or like St. James had suggested, Snape
leaving him to his own devices and letting him reap the consequences.

The thought left him with a lonely feeling.

Or maybe it was just the potions.

---

Voldemort had almost forgotten how much he loved battles. He had been
through a few in recent years, but he hadn't enjoyed them as much then
when he had a personal stake in the outcome. Battling across a foreign
country, surrounded by veritable strangers who would nevertheless throw
themselves off a cliff at his command, however, was a great deal of fun.
The fact that there were an inordinate number of dead and living bodies
available to practice some of his more intense pagan magics and more
traditional dark arts was just icing on the cake.

At the moment, he was inspecting a row of prisoners his Romanian allies
had captured during a raid near Freiburg. They were scruffy from too
many days spent hiding in the surrounding forests, but otherwise in good
condition. He stopped before each one, looking for those traits he found
most suitable in a sacrifice. They cringed away when he reached out to
turn their face or inspect the texture of their hair. They knew what he
was doing and why. He had made it a point for every German resistor to
know what would happen if he ever caught them.

It helped to whittle down their numbers, even if it did mean the
remaining men and women fought twice as hard to keep from being taken.

He stopped in front of a tawny haired witch. She didn't look up at him,
but he could feel her anger radiating out. She had some resistance left
in her yet.

"This one," he said to a Romanian soldier.

A prisoner further down the line shouted something, but a soldier
immediately kicked him to the ground. Voldemort glanced at him
curiously, then turned back to the witch. She wasn't particularly
pretty, but she was young and her eyes fierce, which he found to be an
attractive characteristic.

"Your lover?" he asked.

Her reply to was spit at his feet. Oh well, it wasn't important. His
selection made, he thanked the Romanians for their effort and gave them
the night off. They really couldn't go anywhere while in enemy
territory, but they would be ridiculously grateful for the empty
gesture. He returned to his tent, and found Bellatrix laying on his cot,
waiting for him.

She was dressed in her uniform, and as always, he found it suited her
perfectly. Sharp lines, perfect folds, and an almost sinister quality.
The black cloth made the auburn highlights of her hair and the stark
redness of her lipstick stand out more vividly. Her lips curved up in
the corners when she spotted him, reminding him of younger days when
Rudolphus Lestrange had still been alive, and she and her husband would
pass a night with him in his bed or in theirs, carving love notes into
each others skin with his favorite pen knife.

He had buried the pen knife with Rudolphus, and with it his carnal
relations with his wife. It had seemed disrespectful to continue in his
absence.

But Bella had been widowed for over a decade now, and as of late he had
found himself growing attracted to her again. The fast paced, day-by-day
existence of a soldier suited her far more than the bureaucratic shuffle
of a politician or the endless drudgery of a headmistress. Every day her
senses sharpened, her speed increased, her joy for life and for death
grew. Every day she grew more and more into the Valkyrie he had known
and lusted after in his younger days.

Maybe later.

There was so much to do. The Romanians required his attention for the
time being. They were not on good terms with the Polish and required a
little reassurance that they would not be neglected in favor of the more
powerful army. As much as the idea of seducing Bella appealed to him, he
would be busy enough seducing the Romanian commanders to fall under his
leadership. It would not be difficult, but it would require time and
care. Their armies commanders were primarily young men of standing with
long pureblood lineages, eager to prove themselves significant in an
occupation their fellow countrymen viewed as ineffectual and obsolete.

If he could grant them the pride and purpose their own Minister of Magic
was unable to provide, they would become his men and he would welcome
them with open arms.

"How did the raid go?" she asked, showing no interest in raising herself
from the cot.

"The usual. We should move again tomorrow. I don't like leaving so much
distance between us and the border."

She nodded.

"As you wish. You received a message. It was in your scrying bowl."

The scrying bowl was actually a Mariander's Scrying Bowl, which unlike
other scrying bowls that only allowed the viewer to look up current or
passed events, it allowed for communication between a select number
sister bowls. Only half a dozen people held the sister bowls to his own,
and all of them were people he trusted with sensitive information.

"Oh? Who is it from?"

"Snape," she said, dismissively, and then preceded to ignore the eager
gleam in her master's eyes as he went to his work table. The scrying
bowl was a dull bronze on the exterior, but the inside gleamed like the
nacreous insides of a clam shell. The message was written out in black
ink, brief and to the point. He frowned.

"Something interesting?" his succubus queried, skeptically.

"Lucius might be plotting something against the werewolves. Or Harry. Or
both. Snape's being unusually vague. And Harry's moon madness is back."

"As if the full moon was the only time he went mad."

"Don't be jealous, poppet, you'll always be my favorite girl."

She sighed. If only that were true.

"So what are you going to do?"

"I'll have Crouch look into it. I can't afford to leave the Romanians
unsupervised just to chase down a rumor, and there doesn't appear to be
an immediate threat."

She looked genuinely surprised. Had she really thought he would drop
everything just to go and coddle Harry? If that was the case, she really
needed to work on her insecurity.

Though to be honest, he would have liked to do just that.

The return of the moon madness was curious to him, and how it might tie
into plots against the werewolves was doubly so. It would have to keep
for another three weeks. It would take at least that long to completely
enamor his allies with his fighting prowess and unnerve the Germans
enough to start making mistakes.

It was all a matter of priorities, and for today those required he
remained where he was.

What those priorities would be tomorrow, however...
