# Separation I

Harry vomited in an alleyway between two stores, and unlike that morning
felt better for it. Remus rubbed his back soothingly until he was done
while Sirius paced anxiously and looked about as if expecting to be
followed. Not an unreasonable expectation, as Reggy had to sneak them
out of a low window to keep a small mob of reporters from cornering them
at either exit doors. They couldn't be certain they hadn't been spotted,
and Harry wondered if there weren't going to be some rather embarrassing
photos of Sirius literally tucking him under his arm and running off
with him. It was a bad enough memory all its own without photographic
evidence.

He took a deep breath, grimaced at the bitter taste of bile and potions,
and then took another. He was having a hard time catching his breath.
Exhaustion or the beginnings of another panic attack? This wasn't the
time or the place to indulge in either. Hermione was danger. She was in
danger, and he was the one who had put her there. He had to find her . .
. no, he couldn't. They would be expecting that. Wasn't that just what
he had always done? Run off at the first hint that someone he cared
about was in trouble? Someone might follow him right to her . . . if he
had any idea where she was exactly. By the Goddess, he had told them she
was probably in London. How could he have been so *stupid*?

Still bent over and heaving to catch his breath, he felt the faintest
touch to the back of his head. He froze as he felt fingers trace the
raised line of his newest scar through his too short hair, then grimaced
at the dull throb that followed. He turned to look over his shoulder.

Sirius stood there, the trademark manic fury suddenly absent and only a
terrible stillness remained. Harry could not recall ever seeing the look
his godfather was giving him now.

"They said you were dead . . ."

Harry's throat tightened. Thoughts of Hermione and whatever danger she
might be in suddenly vanished, and the there and then suddenly became
painfully real. Coal black eyes swallowed him in, trying to take in a
truth he hadn't dared believe possible.

"I prayed . . ." Sirius said. "I never believed the gods answered
prayers, but I did it anyway and . . . and here you are."

"I'm sorry," Harry whispered, his eyes suddenly wet. "I'm sorry."

He hadn't meant to scare them. He hadn't meant to make them grieve for
him. But his intentions had always had a way of twisting in on
themselves and hurting rather than helping. Hermione, Vesper Larousse,
the Goddess Colony, Stephen, even Voldemort, and now Sirius and Remus .
. . all had suffered at his attempts to help them or others. Why? Why
did this happen? Was he cursed?

Sirius pulled him closer and rested his forehead on Harry's.

"You're the closest thing I'll ever have to a son, Harry. After James .
. ."

Sirius trailed off, not knowing what to say after that. Harry didn't
know what to say either so he tried another 'I'm sorry'.

"It wasn't your fault. If Lucius Malfoy weren't dead already, I would
have killed him," he said, the familiar anger returning, hardening his
features once again.

And Harry was reminded of Hermione.

"We have to go to Malfoy Manor."

Sirius pulled back and gave him a grim look.

"There is no need to speak to the healer there. We have healers of our
own."

"No, it's not that. I have to warn Draco about Hermione."

He gave Sirius and Remus a brief explanation of what had happened with
Voldemort before they had walked in. Sirius listened and didn't
interrupt, but he looked skeptical. Remus nodded thoughtfully but wasn't
any more convinced than his alpha.

"You're weak as a kitten and your magic is shot to hell. We need to get
you home as soon as possible."

Remus wasn't wrong. Harry still felt nauseous after his confrontation
with Voldemort, weak and feverish now as well. Pappanoski hadn't wanted
him to go and certainly not alone, but the summons had come after Snape
had taken Ira back to Hogwarts, and Draco and Lady Malfoy were busy
trying to handle Lucius' final affairs. His excursion had taxed him more
than he had anticipated, and he knew he was going to be paying for it
soon. The wisest course was simply to let Remus and Sirius take him back
to the colony, put him to bed, and let the healers ply him with their
bitter medicinal brews.

Harry was many things, but no one had ever mistaken him for wise.

"Please, just for a few minutes? If Draco can warn Hermione, maybe even
hide her, it could save her life."

"No," Sirius said. "The sooner you are home the better. I can already
smell the sickness settling into you."

Harry closed his eyes and took a deep breath. How to make them
understand the importance of what he needed to do? Remus might
understand, but he wouldn't defy Sirius unless it was absolutely
necessary, and Sirius could be as pig-headed as the Dark Lord when it
came to caring for his godson. There wasn't a lot that would override
his possessive protectiveness. Except . . . except perhaps one thing . .
.

"Sirius, please . . . She's . . . Hermione . . . she's what my father
was to you. She was the first person I could look to and think 'family'
after my parents died. And now she's in trouble, and it's *my*fault, and
I . . . If there's even the slightest chance I can save her . . .
Please, just give me ten minutes. I just need ten minutes."

His godfather was momentarily taken aback by the comparison, but as
Harry continued to speak his expression darkened with every word. The
young wizard was soon convinced that not only was Sirius not going to
grant his request, but he was about to be grounded until graduation. He
glanced at Remus, hoping for a little help, but Remus' attention was
back to watching the mouth of alley for any potential eavesdroppers.

After an intense, but brief silence, Sirius finally spoke.

"If we do this . . . help you do this, you will return to the Goddess
Colony without another argument, is that clear?"

Harry nodded quickly. Anything, he'd do anything.

"And once you are there, you will not defy me on a single matter. You
will sleep when I tell you to, eat when I tell you to, take your
medicines, and not try to run off even when you start to feel stronger.
Do you agree?"

Harry swallowed thickly. It would mean that, aside from warning Draco
and hoping for the best, there would be nothing else he could do for
Hermione until he left Sirius' care. If he didn't agree, however, not
only would he not be able to warn Draco, but Sirius would keep him under
constant surveillance, and he wouldn't be able to do anything at all.

"Okay," he said. "I promise."

Sirius nodded and placed a hand on his shoulder as he led him back out
to the street. Harry wished he could delude himself into believing the
hand was just Sirius reassuring himself that his godson was alright, but
Harry knew deep down the alpha was just making sure he didn't try to
make a run for it.

---

Ron had a smile that made babies cry and old women cross themselves. It
was an unnatural, lopsided thing, and it ached within a minute, but for
the last half hour Ron couldn't wipe it off his face. The Red Weasel was
a tavern not even half a year into business, but it already had a set of
well known practices that made it wildly popular. One such practice was
the exchange of a free drink for a good tale or an interesting bit of
news. That afternoon it had brought in a wizard from the Court of Public
Affairs with word that Lucius Malfoy was dead.

Ron, who had been working as a kitchen boy and occasional server for the
holiday break, had brought out the mug of Brimsley's Meade himself and a
free plate of Walapple pie and hadn't stopped smiling since.

Not even George's threat to banish him to the kitchen if he didn't stop
it had worked to deter his manic glee. For the first time since the
holidays had started, he was looking forward to going back to Hogwarts.
The Court wizard hadn't had much in the way of details except that there
had been some sort of confrontation between Harry, Bartemius Crouch, and
Lucius Malfoy at the winter ball that had left two of the three wizards
dead. Harry had been injured in some way, but Ron wasn't particularly
concerned. Harry seemed to be made for walking away from injuries. He
was almost certain the Gryffindork would be up and about by the time
school started again, and Ron would be able to prod all the terrible
details out of him that the papers would omit. By then he should also
have his smiling under control, because he wasn't fool enough to think
Draco Malfoy wasn't going to notice and find something overly dramatic
(and awful) to do to him. Besides, Hermione would probably think it was
tacky of him.

Ah well, he had another week to get it together.

Ron made his way back towards the kitchen hauling a load of dirty
dishes, practically dancing out the way of patrons and servers as he
went, humming along with the fiddler in the corner. The tavern was
packed, as it usually was by mid-afternoon, and noisy with music and
conversation, and pleasantly warm after coming in from the cold. He was
so distracted by his own pleasant musings, his work, and the busyness of
the place he would have completely missed what was happening if not for
the fiddler suddenly stopping halfway through the tune.

Ron turned to see what the matter was. A short distance away from the
stage, George was having an argument with several Sentinels. Even
without the fiddle, it was far too loud, and he was too far away to hear
what was being said, but George's expression was worrying. There was
very little that could upset either of his brothers enough to abandon
their mischievous grins. The man George was speaking to, a slender
gentleman with neatly trimmed lambchops and an air of curious amusement
about him, was showing his brother a photograph which was being
pointedly ignored. The man made a gesture and the four other sentinels
he had brought with him scattered themselves around the tavern, causing
George's expression to turn livid.

Ron felt a sudden moment of dread as he saw one of the Sentinels head
towards the narrow stairs that would lead to his brother's laboratory
above the tavern. Was this a raid? Were his brothers being arrested?
Fred and George were eclectic businessmen, whose rebellious and fearless
nature had led them to pursue some less than legal activities, and they
were very good at it. Was it too much to think the authorities hadn't
found out?

His father had been thrown into Azkaban for the pithiest of reasons.
Would the same happen to his brothers? Lucius Malfoy might be dead, so
there was no archnemesis working from the shadows to destroy their
family, but that didn't mean they were safe from the arbitrary malice of
the Court.

Even as Ron stood there, frozen, matters began to deteriorate further.
The Sentinel who had taken the stairs to the laboratory had returned,
hauling an indignant Fred behind him, and George was likewise being
seized by still another man. Lambchop's expression of amused curiosity
didn't change as his men led the twins forcibly out of their own pub.

They *were* being arrested!

Ron abandoned his dishes on the nearest table, ignoring the indignant
protests of the family sitting there, and hurried over to the fiddler
who was still staring dumbfounded at the door his employers had
disappeared through.

"Patrick, what happened? What did that man say?" Ron demanded.

The fiddler turned to him in confusion.

"Ther looking for someone," he said, "And they think your brothers might
know where to find her. They took'em to be questioned."

Ron felt his throat tighten. Even before the war, 'interrogations' were
a thing to be feared, and after Voldemort came to power they hadn't
gotten any gentler.

"Her?" he tried. He didn't know if he could manage anything more without
stuttering.

"Aye. A girl, probably not any older than you by the looks of her. They
called her 'Granger'. Sound like anyone you know?"

"Granger?" he said in surprise and quickly tried to cover it up. "No, I
don't think so."

"Are you—"

"Never heard of her!" he snapped, and stalked away before Patrick could
ask anything else. Hermione, he wondered, what kind of trouble had she
gotten herself into? What had she gotten his brothers into? He went back
to gather up his dishes again, absently muttered an apology to the
patrons, and headed towards the kitchen. He couldn't help but notice at
least one of the Sentinels had been left behind and was now skulking in
a dark corner, hiding the tell tale uniform under a plain, black cloak.

Ron dumped his load into the sink, breaking several dishes with his
carelessness. His hands were shaking badly.

Why were they looking for Hermione? How would they know she would come
here? What would happen if she did? What would happen to Fred and George
even if she didn't? Was this history repeating itself?

He took a deep, calming breath. Now was not the time to fall to pieces.
His brothers weren't his father. They were smart, they had connections,
and they weren't the sort to be bullied. They'd get lawyers, the press,
Harry bloody Potter even to come to their aid, and sooner or later
they'd be let go.

The only thing he could do to help them was keep things together here
until that happened and make sure Hermione Granger never set foot in the
Red Weasel.

---

Remus had never been to Malfoy Manor, and Sirius only vaguely remembered
visiting once or twice when he was still young enough that his parents
could *make*him go somewhere, so they flooed to Molston Vale and hired a
carriage to take them out to Malfoy Manor. Sirius grew increasingly
agitated the longer they remained out in the open and away from the
safety of his territory. Harry was too tired to do much about it, and if
Sirius' belligerent and intimidating behavior frightened a few people
here and there, at least it kept snoopy reporters at a respectable
distance too.

A guard stood inside the gate as they drove up, and Harry could tell he
wanted to quit the moment he saw them. Harry had a standing invitation
to be there, but his godfathers, his obviously *werewolf* godfathers,
were a different matter altogether. Sirius snarling at the man from the
other side of the gates didn't help the situation, and the ten minutes
it took to get permission to let them inside did nothing for Sirius'
temper. Remus was starting to look embarrassed by his friend's behavior.

Draco wasn't particularly impressed either when Sirius kicked open his
office door and snarled out, "Ten minutes."

"Because I'm sure your schedule is just *packed,*" the young pureblood
quipped.

"Draco," Robert Reicher half warned and half pleaded. He was seated
behind Malfoy's desk, sorting through documents when they had been
interrupted. Harry wasn't sure who was more surprised. He to see Robert
or Robert to see the werewolves.

He didn't honestly have the time to hear the story. There wasn't a lot
of time, and he needed to make it count.

"Ten minutes. Why don't you go get my wand from the mediwizard? He
should be upstairs, sixth door on the right."

Because if anyone was likely to make the healer relinquish his wand,
Sirius would be it. He shut the door quickly before the alpha could
protest.

"Oh my," the Slytherin drawled. "And here I thought women were bad
during their time of the month."

There was a surprising amount of bite in that statement. When Harry had
left, his friend had barely been holding it together, emotionally and
mentally shutting down under the strain, but now he seemed to have
regained something of his old attitude and a hint of steel resolve in
his eyes that had never been there before. The Gryffindor didn't know if
this was a good or a bad thing. Probably a bit of both. Good for
Hermione. Bad for Harry.

There wasn't enough time for Harry to soften the blow, and he mentally
prepared himself for the backlash.

"The Dark Lord is issuing a warrant for Hermione's arrest on suspicion
of murdering your father."

Draco stared at him.

"He's using her as a scapegoat. He doesn't . . . he doesn't want anyone
thinking that his people don't know what happened or that—"

Harry ducked as a teacup was hurled in his direction. It shattered on
the door, spraying the back of his cloak with porcelain and tea. That
wasn't entirely unexpected. In fact, Harry was more surprised Draco
hadn't attempted a hex instead. The Malfoy heir was already reaching for
his next projectile, a paperweight, but Robert quickly wrestled it out
of his hand, and Draco gave it up in favor of hurling abuse instead.

"You stupid halfblood mongrel bastard! Lord Voldemort is punishing *you*
through Hermione for what happened to my father! God, what the hell were
you thinking? Have you fucked up your own life so badly, you felt the
need to move on to your friend's? Is that it?" Draco screamed at him.

Harry, even exhausted and weak as he was, felt his anger swell at the
accusation.

"Screw you, Draco! You think I *intended* for this to happen? I would
*die*for Hermione. I nearly did! You want to blame me for everything
that happened her? Okay, fine, go ahead, but at least I fucking did
something. You couldn't have fucked anything up, Draco, because you
didn't even bother to *try* and do anything yourself in the first
place!"

As soon as he said it, Harry regretted it. Draco looked as if he had
been simultaneously struck and betrayed, shocked at first and then
righteously furious. He reached for his wand, and Robert called a
warning to Harry.

Before Harry could duck, however, the door behind opened and smacked him
in the head.

"Ouch!" he cried as it bumped the sensitive scar.

"Oh! Sorry, Harry," a feminine voice apologized, and a moment later
Natalie stuck her head through the door. "What on earth are you two
shouting about?"

They were all too surprised by her sudden arrival to offer an
explanation, and she didn't wait for one before striding across the room
to Draco. She ignored the wand still in his outstretched hand and pulled
him into a hug.

"I'm so sorry, Draco, I came as soon as I heard, but security wouldn't
let me through the gate until Dobby came to vouch for me," she said,
sounding sincere and regretful and completely unlike herself. "How are
you holding up?"

The Malfoy heir was caught completely off guard. By all logic, she
should have gone to Harry first, hugged him first, asked over his well
being first. He was the one she was not so secretly in love with after
all. Even Harry looked a bit surprised . . . and maybe a little put out.
Draco's anger suddenly evaporated into nothing, leaving him feeling like
a fool.

"I'll manage. I'll have to. The bad news just keeps coming."

He gestured towards Harry, who took the hint and explained what had
happened, adding a few extra details for everyone else's benefit.

" . . . I'm being sent to the werewolf colonies to be kept out of the
way. There's not much I'll be able to do for Hermione—"

"You've done enough," Draco said, trying for cold but it only came out
tired.

"As much as you could," Natalie corrected. "We'll have to handle things
as best we can on our own. I think we'll surprise you, Harry."

Harry smiled a bit sadly.

"I wouldn't dare to underestimate you."

Robert, who was pretending to be oblivious to the conversation as he
tidied up the mess left by Draco's tantrum, suddenly cleared his throat.

"I can't say that I understand what is going on," he began, "Or that I
even *want* to know what is going on, but if there is some assistance I
might provide you, I willing offer it you."

"Thank you, Mr. Reicher," Draco said. "For now, I believe we only
require your silence."

"As you are my employer, I am obligated to keep your confidence without
question."

"Even from Kyle?" Harry couldn't help but ask.

"There are some things I keep even from Kyle, despite what he thinks . .
. I'd thank you not to tell him I said so. I don't believe this is a
matter that requires his attention, regardless."

Harry reached instinctively for his watch to check the time, but of
course it wasn't there. He looked around the room for a clock to no
avail.

"I don't have much time. You have to find Hermione and get her somewhere
safe. The Weasley twins will be able to help with that but be careful
that you're not followed. Particularly you, Draco. They'll be expecting
you to go look for her."

Draco simply glared into the fireplace in reply.

"The Weasley twins?" Robert asked curiously. "You mean those boys that
run the Red Weasel?"

"Yes, you know them?" Harry asked.

"Everyone in London knows them. I've eaten at the pub a few times. It
wouldn't be at all out of the ordinary if I dropped by for dinner on my
way home, on the off chance anyone would even bother to follow me. I'm
willing to leave instructions with them if you have any, but I would
prefer not meet with Lady Granger in person if it can be helped. I have
a family of my own to consider."

"That's a good idea. We can write a letter—"

A heavy knock on the door caused them all to jump. Conspiracy, it
seemed, was making them nervous. Sirius snarling through the door didn't
help either.

"Harry, you've had your ten minutes."

The Gryffindor thought to argue for a split second for just a minute
more, then thought better of it. He had made a promise. Sirius would
make sure he kept it one way or another.

"Coming," he said before turning back to them. "Send me an owl when you
can. Send Elsbeth if you can manage it."

"Goodbye, Harry. I'll tell the girls you said hello," Robert offered.

"Go lay down before you keel over," Natalie said.

Draco didn't bother to turn around. The worst of his anger was gone, but
some resentment still lingered. Harry was pulling out just when they
needed him the most. The resentment itself left him feeling ashamed of
himself. The sharp words they had traded only a moments ago still stung.
Harry hadn't been wrong. Draco had let Harry and Hermione do most of the
planning and the legwork, and had gone along willingly enough even on
those parts of their plans he was skeptical of. When had he become so
reliant on Harry Potter to fix the problem? Why had he thought the
Gryffindor was capable of it?

It was Draco's turn now. He was Lord Malfoy. He followed no one.

After Harry left, the study fell once again into a tense silence. What
now? Natalie broke the silence first.

"Mr. Reicher, would you mind if I had a private word with Draco?"

"Of course not. I'll take some paperwork into the library with me. Let
me know when you're done with the letter."

Once he was out of the room, Natalie turned to Draco.

"I'll follow him after he leaves to make sure he delivers the letter. He
may just turn it over to the first Sentinel he comes across."

Draco sighed and nodded. Her concern was legitimate, but he wasn't
honestly concerned Robert would betray him. There was another source
aside from the Weasley twins he knew they would have better luck with,
but one he was reluctant to expose either Natalie or Robert to. Rita
Skeeter knew exactly where Hermione was. They had sent his sister off
with her in search of refuge, after all. But if he, Natalie, or Robert
went to her, what would the reporter do? Expose their scandalous
intentions in Wizarding Weekly? Sell them out to the Dark Lord for some
journalistic tit for tat?

Harry had seemed to have something over her head, but he was a fool if
he thought he could control her. Now Harry was in proverbial exile, and
Draco and his comrades had nothing to work with. Skeeter had probably
already betrayed Hermione. It was just a question of whether it was to
the Sentinels or the papers.

His only hope was that Hermione caught on before the trap closed around
her. She was usually rather clever that way.

Whatever the case, they were running out of time.

He reached for a sheaf of paper and a quill. He would send Robert and
Natalie to the Red Weasel and hope against hope that they got lucky.
Then he would hunt down Skeeter. He wasn't entirely sure what he would
do, but he was a Slytherin and, more significantly, a Malfoy.

Family was everything.

---

The Persnickety Inn had been a hovel well before the Italians ever came
to London, which was probably why they hadn't bothered touching it
during their stay. It was a narrow, gray building that seemed strangely
emaciated with concave walls and a sharply pointed roof that leaned
heavily to one side. Bits and pieces were missing from it; roof tiles,
window panes, and a step leading up to the front door.

Inside wasn't any better. Just as narrow, slanted, and gray with missing
things like door knobs and light bulbs and floorboards. The owner was
likewise a rickety old witch in ratty gray robes, missing most of her
teeth and one of her socks. She was almost completely blind and deaf,
and if that didn't make her job of keeping up the place hard enough, she
also didn't give a damn. It made her a lousy innkeeper, but a perfect
host for hiding runaway little girls as far as Skeeter was concerned.

The reporter let herself in and headed up the stairs without bothering
to wake the old witch snoozing behind the counter. The stairs
practically wailed as she made her ascent, but stealth wasn't her
intention. She had spent the better part of an hour prodding her fellow
reporters for information about the party and felt it had been something
of a waste. No one seemed certain of anything except that Lucius Malfoy
and Bartemius Crouch were dead, and most seemed fairly certain that
Harry Potter had died as well, although it seemed his death had been
painfully drawn out where the others had been swift. How it all had
happened was anyone's guess. Some said murder, some said accident, and
others a duel gone wrong.

There was supposed to be a press conference in an hour, but Skeeter
doubted it would be worth going to. It wasn't as if the Court would
*explain* anything. They'd spout some sugar-coated nonsense and wax on
about how they had everything under control.

She was still going to go, of course. There was bound to be a good quote
or two floating around.

But first, she needed to see Hermione and break her little heart.

She reached door number two (it was actually door number twelve but the
one had gone missing), took a deep breath, muttered a very light crying
curse on herself, and knocked on the door. The sound of footsteps and
rustling clothes emanated from inside.

A moment later, Hermione Granger opened the door in her cloak and wool
scarf, her school trunk resting behind her. She looked positively
ghastly. Pale and puffy-eyed, she clearly hadn't slept the night before
but obviously had no intention of finding rest there. The reporter had
caught her on her way out, but where had she been intending to go? The
girl gave her a confused, vaguely annoyed look.

"Skeeter? What are—"

Before Hermione could finish, the reporter threw her arms around her and
started bawling.

"Oh! Oh! It's *awful*," she cried, her spell-induced tears dribbling
down her cheeks. The girl stiffened in her grasp.

"What is awful?" she asked warily.

Skeeter indulged in a brief grin, hidden as it was in their position,
but quickly tucked it away again as she pulled away to look Hermione in
the face. This was it! This was where she saw for herself just what
precisely had been between the most famous boy in Britain and the little
muggleborn princess.

"It's Harry! Oh god, Harry is *dead!*"

The look of absolute shock on the girl's face was sadly predictable and
would doubtlessly be followed by a brief stint of disbelief. Once the
reality sunk in, however, things would doubtlessly get *interesting*.

Sadly, the shock didn't dissipate. Quite the contrary, it completely
overwhelmed the girl until her eyes rolled to the back of her head, and
she fainted. Skeeter barely managed to catch her and lost her balance
for her trouble, landing them both in a graceless heap on the floor.

"Bugger," Skeeter muttered. Not exactly what she had hoped for, although
she supposed it was a rather interesting response. Not very good for a
quote though. She hauled Hermione's dead weight up and over to the cot
in the corner of the room and dropped her on it. The girl didn't even
stir. Nor did she stir when Skeeter slapped her lightly on the cheek . .
. and then not so lightly. The rennervate charm worked a little better.

"Ooohhh . . ." she moaned.

"Hermione? Hermione, can you hear me? Tell me what you're feeling."

"Nnn . . ."

"How does Harry's death make you feel?" she said more loudly.

"Uhnnn . . ."

Entirely useless. Her rennervate wasn't the best, and unfortunately she
didn't know anything stronger. Perhaps that old crone downstairs had
some pepper-up or something lying around?

"Hermione-darling, I'll be right back. I'm going to go get you something
to make you feel better. Then we can have a little chat," she said, then
scampered away. As she made her way downstairs she considered possible
headlines for the obituary she was going to write.

*National Hero Murdered by Father of Secret Lover!*

*Potter's Beloved Faints from Grief!*

*Unrequited Love Ends in Tragedy!*

*Malfoy Heiress Left Mentally Unsound by Death of 'Her Prince'.*

She was practically cackling in delight by the time she found the old
crone, who did in fact have Pepper-up potion, along with a myriad of
rather interesting concoctions in her medicine cabinet. She gave the
crone a sickle for her trouble and hurried back to the room. When she
got there, however, she let out a shriek of indignation.

There was no trunk.

There was no*Hermione Granger!*

---

Voldemort studied Severus as the man studied the view outside the
window. Under normal circumstances, Severus Snape would never let his
gaze wander from the Dark Lord like he was doing now. It was only this
uncharacteristic distraction that hinted to Voldemort that the events of
last night affected his minion at all. Severus had been a hard and angry
youth when he had met him, and he had grown into a hard and bitter man.
His grief was a cold and distant thing. Assuming what the man felt was
actually grief. It was difficult to tell with Severus.

Lucius and he had an unusual relationship. They had been co-conspirators
but never confidants, rivals of nothing the other wanted, and respected
and reviled each other in equal measure. They had been each others'
closest friends, but only because they were the only ones who shared
enough wit and will to thrive in each others' company. How did Severus
actually feel about Lucius' demise? And how much of that feeling was
wrapped in his own selfish concerns? He was now the godfather to the
Malfoy heir and a wanted fugitive on top of his responsibilities to his
ward and an entire school that was half falling down around his ears
these days.

Not that Voldemort could or would judge him for that. All he felt about
the matter himself was selfish concerns. Even with his shiny new soul
and all those curious new feelings that had been wiggling their way to
the surface, he could not describe anything resembling sadness regarding
Lucius Malfoy's passing. There was frustration and annoyance about the
*inconvenience* of his passing, but no more than Bartemius Crouch, whose
services he appreciated far more than his company. He felt vaguely
disappointed, but not surprised. Even before he had torn his soul to
bits and pieces, it was unlikely he would have grieved much for a
minion, however loyal or useful it had been. Perhaps when the worst of
his aggravation had subsided, he might spare some more tender emotion;
wistfulness or a touch of melancholy maybe.

"You're very quiet, Severus. Have you nothing you would like to say?
Some request you would like to make?"

Snape turned from the window to the Dark Lord. His expression was blank,
his eyes a legilimens' nightmare.

"My Lord . . . do you mean to spite every Death Eater that's ever served
you?"

Voldemort was too surprised for a moment to speak.

"You had already thrown half of the surviving members to the dogs by the
end of the war and rebuffed or punished half of those that remained in
your service after that. You've managed to spite everyone left after
that on a more personal level since then . . . Lestrange and her removal
from Hogwarts, MacNair and Umbridge, whatever happened to them, Lucius
and that silly rivalry with Potter, and now . . . now you mean to turn
your attention on me, then?"

Voldemort let out a huff of disbelief and threw up his hands in disgust.

"Is this about the Granger girl? Merlin, Severus, I gave you Harry
because I thought you would be a good influence. I had no idea it would
get all turned around and he'd end up turning you into an angsty and
self-absorbed teenager! And don't think I'll tolerate it from you the
same way I do Harry."

Snape's withering glare seemed strangely adolescent to him at the
moment.

"I'll excuse you this once, *this once*, because you're obviously tired
and stressed," he continued. "But don't make the mistake again. All
those who have received my *spite* earned it first. Had I indulged every
Death Eater their infantile whims, where would we be know? Still
butchering our way through the shreds of our society that remained and
deluding ourselves into thinking an enemy must still exist because we
had managed nothing but ruin. Is it my fault that those who were most
suited to war, were so ill-suited to peace? I gave them a chance! I gave
everyone plenty of chances! *You* chief among them! So don't you dare
sit there, spit in my face, and then have the *gall*to call yourself a
victim."

As he spoke, the Dark Lord let a bit of the anger that still lingered
even after his blow up at Harry earlier that day seeped into his voice
and into his magic, letting it linger in the air like poisonous miasma.
Snape, already pale and stiff, shifted back in his chair and swallowed
thickly.

"Forgive my impertinence, My Lord, I spoke out of turn."

Satisfied, Voldemort drew back his magic and reigned in his temper.

"Yes. Your goddaughter's situation is unfortunate, but I know you
understand the necessity of it. If you have an alternative solution, I
will be more than happy to hear it. If the true culprit is found, I have
left enough leeway to allow for her pardon."

"You are most generous," Snape said, refusing to look him in the eye
when he said it.

"Don't be sulky, Severus. It doesn't suit," he chided. "There are other
matters I need to discuss with you or else I would have simply sent a
letter. I wish to offer you a job."

"Has someone failed to inform me I was fired from my headmaster's
position?" he asked. There was a touch of his sardonic wit in his voice
this time, and the Dark Lord felt strangely relieved.

"You might consider it a promotion, albeit more of a sideways one. I've
decided to put Lestrange in Lucius' position."

Snape didn't bother to hide his grimace.

"That is . . . unfortunate."

Voldemort smirked.

"I am aware of Bella's shortcomings. She is no Lucius Malfoy, but she
has a head for tactics and enthusiasm for the cause. So long as she
attends those duties Lucius *should* have been solely focused on she
should do well."

"Which she won't do. She never could accept her leadership skills as
being less than Lucius'."

"Just so. That is why I am assigning her minders to keep her authority
limited to the war. Lucius and Barty had their spoons in too many
cauldrons, and without them there to stir, the Court is going to stall.
It could take years to put things back in order. I will not let this
mistake be repeated. No one should be as indispensable as they made
themselves."

*Except for myself, of course*.

"And you wish me to be one of her minders? What would you have me *do*
precisely?"

"I was thinking Chief Financial Administrator of the Culties. Money is
the best stopgap there is."

"True, but counting sickles is not how I pictured my career going. And
the politics . . . I have never enjoyed it."

"But you were very good at it during those first few years you helped to
rebuild. The hours are shorter and the income is better than what you
receive as Headmaster. Something I am sure your new wife would
appreciate."

"My wife appreciates purpose over purse strings, My Lord. As do I.
Hogwarts shall be my legacy. I cannot leave her in her current state.
There is too much that needs to be done."

Voldemort sighed, but did not look particularly surprised.

"I thought you might say something to that effect. A pity, but I have no
intention of foisting the position onto you if you truly don't want it.
The school does need looking after during these days of war."

Snape settled a little more easily into his chair. That could have gone
very differently, and if the Dark Lord had the mind to make him take the
position there would have been very little he could have done about it.
In fact, he could have suffered severely for simply having the audacity
to refuse his master's *generosity*. As it was, he could barely believe
he had dared to refuse it at all. Some of Potter's madness truly must
have been rubbing off on him.

Or maybe he was just too damn tired to care.

"That leaves one final matter to discuss," Voldemort said. "Do you wish
to surrender guardianship of Harry?"

" . . . I'm not sure I understand."

"Your friend is dead. Your goddaughter is a wanted fugitive. Harry
Potter is at least partially at fault. If you believe yourself to be
incapable of fulfilling your duties as his guardian under these
circumstances, then I can transfer custody to someone else."

"You didn't offer this after Vesper died," he pointed out, revealing his
skepticism.

"It hadn't occurred to me at the time."

This was perfectly true. He hadn't had a complete soul at the time and
hadn't cared particularly if Harry and Severus got along or not. He
still didn't particularly care, but after Lucius' death and another near
death experience for Harry, he wasn't about to tempt fate again.

Snape remained silent for a moment, considering, but did not for long.

"I will keep custody of him."

"Forgiven him already?"

The headmaster gave him a look of dark amusement, but when he spoke
there was a touch of bitter poison in his honey tones.

"What choice do I have? He did nothing that we ourselves did not allow
him to do."

---

The winter air burned her lungs and froze her skin as she ran through
the narrow, twisting streets of Knockturn Alley. A cat snarled at her as
she passed. A gnarled figure of a man watched her speculatively from
behind a dirty window. Somewhere overhead a plane flew by. She was
oblivious to all of it. Her panic was of the odd variety that made her
reckless where she should have been cautious and stole her breath away
even as it sent her flying.

She couldn't believeit.

She couldn't accept it.

Harry, dead?

She had believed herself to be resigned to the probability of Harry's
premature death, and yet once the predicted event was presented to her
she couldn't bring herself to fathom it. He could survive anything. Had
survived nearly everything the magical world could throw at someone:
werewolves, faeries, murderous wizards, poisons, curses, duels, Dark
Magic, Old Magic, lunatics, and the Dark Lord himself! How could he
possibly be dead *now*? She had seen him just last night, his eyes
flaring green as he steeled himself to face yet another danger, this
time on Hermione's behalf.

She turned a corner too quickly and caught her foot on an empty crate,
lost her balance, and landed heavily on the cobblestone ground. She
gasped from the shock of pain and from breathlessness. Something wet
trickled between her eyes, and for a second she thought it was blood,
but it was only dirty snow that had stuck after she knock her head on
the ground. Lying sprawled there, she burst out into tears and told
herself it was because of the pain.

Shaking and gasping for air, she slowly climbed back to her feet. Her
toe, knees, hands, and head hurt from her fall. Her clothes were filthy
down the front. She wiped her eyes and her nose with her dirty mittens,
tightened her cloak around herself, and pulled up the hood. More than
likely, she looked a fright and one thing she didn't want at the moment
was strangers stopping to ask her if she was alright. Taking a deep,
shaky breath, she continued on more slowly. Running was no longer an
option. She was limping heavily.

The panic was still there, lingering under the surface and making it
hard to breathe, but the worst of it had been knocked out of her by her
fall. Her more sedate pace left her mind more time to wonder at the
situation and become increasingly aware of how little she actually knew.

Skeeter, the horrible, wretched creature, had said Harry was dead, but
how did she know? She had left the party with Hermione and certainly
couldn't have made it back inside. She might have learned of it from
someone else. It would certainly have been newsworthy, but if that were
the case why had she come to Hermione to tell her and not gone in search
of actual witnesses of the event? Why bother to tell Hermione at all? It
obviously wasn't an act of compassion.

She felt a shiver run through her as she remembered the look in that
woman's eyes as she told her Harry was dead. Why had she looked like
that? So twisted and hungry, even as she had been weeping her crocodile
tears.

Skeeter might have had a talent for weaseling out a story (and then
turning into a bawdy piece of tripe), but acting definitely wasn't her
forte. At least, she hadn't been as good as Hermione, whose
damsel-in-distress was spot-on. She hadn't used it since the school
plays of her early childhood, but it seemed she still had the knack for
it. The fact that her legs actually *had* fallen out from under her had
helped with the realism.

If that had failed to get Skeeter away from her, she would have resorted
to a stunning hex. She would have started off with one in the first
place if she could have remembered one at that moment.

In a clearer state of mind, she might have done a lot of things
differently. Most significantly, she would have gotten more details.
Like how had Harry died in the first place.

Oh God, had she sent Harry to die?

It had to have been Lucius. Somehow and in some way, either out of anger
or by accident or some combination, he had killed her friend. He had
killed Harry for trying to protect her, for standing in the place she
should have been when he had discovered her plan to be free of him. It
had been bothering her all night, stealing her sleep, the idea that she
had run away when she could have stayed to face Lucius Malfoy once and
for all. Once out of the manor, she had felt like a complete coward.
What could he have done to her, really? Curse her, maybe, probably
disown her, hurl verbal abuse upon her, most definitely. The cursing
would have hurt, but he wouldn't dare go too far with so many people in
the manor, and once over she might have been free of him at last. She
might have saved her friend if she had displayed half his nerve.

But now Harry could be dead, and rather than being free she had to go
back to see what nightmare had unfolded in her absence and face the
consequences of her cowardice. Certainly, Harry's death, awful as it was
to think about, would not be the end of it. There was the Dark Lord to
consider and his reaction to the whole affair. Would he kill Lucius? No,
not immediately anyway. They were in the middle of a war, after all. He
was essential, but he would probably be punished. That didn't concern
her much, except for the possibility of him taking it out on her later.
Her more immediate concern was Draco and Narcissa. Even if they weren't
involved, there was no guarantee that they would be safe from the Dark
Lord's wrath. And if she went home now, could she expect more of the
same?

Maybe there would be something in the paper that would give her a better
idea of what she was walking into. There was a newsstand at the floo
station. There had to be *something* about last night there.

The thought made her walk more briskly. It also made her limp more
obviously.

Knockturn Alley was several blocks away from the only remaining floo
station in Wizarding London. As she left the row of dingy shops and
crooked townhouses, she began to pass shops and homes that looked
considerably more inviting, but no newspaper stands. Somewhere up
Podwaddle Street was the Red Weasel, which would have a paper, and the
Weasley twins might have spared her some news and a cup of something hot
to help her frazzled nerves, but that would have taken her out of the
way, and if she moved from her decided course she might lose her nerve
yet again. She couldn't stand the thought of breaking down into tears in
the middle of a pub.

After what seemed like forever, the street she was on suddenly opened
onto Dinaden Square. Dinaden held the only floo station that hadn't been
destroyed during the Italian invasion, and subsequently, most of the
rebuilding had started there. It was tidy and clean, without a broken
window or pile of rubble in sight, and a steady stream of witches and
wizards moving or milling about. She found the newsstand she was looking
for quickly, but the copy of Wizard's Weekly had nothing in it about
Harry or the Christmas Ball.

Hope flared in her chest.

Could Skeeter have been lying? Could it have been some sort of cruel
trick to make her reveal something she wouldn't have in a clearer frame
of mind?

The more she thought of it, the more possible it seemed. Yet she didn't
dare let herself believe it completely. It was just as possible that the
papers simply hadn't heard about it yet or maybe not in time to make the
morning edition.

There was only one way to be certain.

She had to go home.

"H-hermione?"

She half-stumbled at the sound of her name and turned to her right to
see a familiar face looking back at her.

"Natalie? What are—"

She didn't have time to finish her sentence before the other girl was
beside her, grabbing hold of her arm and forcing her back in the
direction she had been coming from. She grimaced at the force of
Natalie's grip and the strain of their pace on her aching knees, but was
too surprised to attempt to pull away. What was she doing here? Had
Draco sent her? No, Draco wouldn't have known where she was. He didn't
even know she was in London, did he?

"Don't say anything," Natalie said sharply, "and don't pull down your
hood. Has anyone seen you?"

"I don't think so. What's going on, Natalie? Why are—"

She stiffened. There was a man standing across the square looking
directly at them with a surprised expression on his face. Natalie cursed
when she spotted him and changed directions so they were heading towards
one of the side streets.

"Who is that?" Hermione asked anxiously.

"His name is Reicher. He works for your brother."

"Works for Draco?" Since when did Draco have people working for him,
aside from his school cronies? "Then why are we running away from him?"

"Just because he works for Draco doesn't mean he can be trusted. He
might turn you in if the reward is high enough."

Reward? Reward for what?

"What are you talking about? What's going on? Is this about Harry? Is he
. . . is he . . ."

She didn't want to say it out loud. Not if she didn't have to. Natalie
suddenly stopped and just looked at couldn't even begin to describe her
expression or what it could possibly have meant. Just as suddenly as
they had stopped, they started again. Natalie said nothing more, and
Hermione didn't dare to ask until they were far away from prying eyes
and ears, alone in a burnt out husk of a building.

"What have you heard?" Natalie asked first.

"Only . . . Harry . . ."

She bit her lip.

"Harry's fine."

Hermione looked at her. Something in the girl's expression softened.

"He's fine," she promised. "I saw him less than an hour ago. He's weak
and in pain, but he'll be okay."

"Oh . . ." She tried to say something else. There was so much to say, so
much to ask, but as hard as she tried all she could manage was another
little 'oh' and a little laugh and another round of tears, this time
from relief. She didn't think she had ever cried so much in her life.
Natalie took a step forward, and she looked as if she might try to hug
her, but after a moment's hesitation she just put her hand on her
shoulder and gave it a squeeze. They had never been friends enough to
hug, and honestly, until just recently Hermione hadn't been sure they
had ever really qualified as friends at all.

It took a little time, but eventually Hermione regained her ability to
speak again.

"And Draco? And Narcissa?"

"Both fine . . . well, as fine as they can be under the circumstances."

"And what are the circumstances? I don't know what's happened. I was
about ready to go home and then Skeeter just showed up and told me Harry
was dead!"

She could say it now, at last, knowing it wasn't true and Harry's
seeming invincibility was once again proven.

"And you believed her? And here I thought you were supposed to be the
*smart* one," Natalie said, falling back into her familiar persona of
tactless bitch. "Parkinson wrote me a letter to the same effect, but I
knew better. I mean, it's *Harry*. As if a tumble down the stairs could
have done him in."

"He fell down the stairs?"

She didn't know if she should have felt relieved or not. Obviously it
hadn't been a fun experience for Harry, but if it had only been an
accident then . . .

"Or Lucius pushed him, depending on who you talk too. I don't think
we'll ever really know. Harry's doesn't remember it, and Lucius
obviously can't tell us anymore."

"Why? What happened to Lucius?"

Natalie gave her a sideways look, then looked off into the distance.

"He's dead."

Hermione closed her eyes. She waited for the pain, for the happiness,
for anything to fill her in some way like it had for Harry, but she felt
nothing.

"Crouch is dead too," Natalie continued.

That was actually almost funny, in an ironic sort of way, but she
couldn't bring herself to laugh. Not yet.

"I think you should start from the beginning."

It didn't take long. Natalie didn't know much of what had happened,
herself at the party, not having been there, but she was very
knowledgeable of the consequences. She explained the situation as best
she could about the warrant for her arrest, Harry's exile to the
werewolf colonies, Draco's plan to find her with the lawyer and the
Weasley twin's help, and her own intention to make sure Reicher was
trustworthy. The more Natalie spoke, the less real it all seemed to
Hermione.

Lucius and Crouch dead? A warrant for her arrest? Draco now Lord Malfoy
and hiring lawyers? She didn't know if it was truly too absurd to
contemplate or if she was just in shock. Whatever it was she knew she
couldn't go home now. It was one thing to face her foster father's fiery
temper and quite another to face the Dark Lord's cold machinations.

When Natalie was done, Hermione asked, "So now what?"

"Now? Now we get you out of Britain."

---

Robert was feeling ten times a fool, but that hadn't stopped him from
going to the Red Weasel. He had told Malfoy that he would, and even if
the little bastard had lied to him and sent his little friend to follow
him, he intended to complete his instructions just as he said he would.
What did he care if they hadn't trusted him with the fact that they
already knew where Hermione was? That Natalie had intended to meet up
with her at the floo station while Robert went off on his little goose
chase? It wasn't the first time a client had played silly little games
like this. Why shouldn't he expect it from a bunch of *children*?

He was being more bitter than he really had a right to be, he knew. Yes,
that Natalie girl had followed him, and yes, the fact that Hermione
Granger showed up in Dinaden Square at the same time was highly
suspicious, but he couldn't say he honestly knew what any of them had
been thinking. So what if they didn't trust him? Why should they?

Logic didn't ease the sting of it, but the glass of ale helped, if only
a little. The Red Weasel wasn't stingy with their tap, he would give
them that. He hadn't been able to deliver his letter, Fred and George
Weasley having just left on errands according to the barmaid, so he had
sat himself down to enjoy a drink. Maybe they would show up in an hour
or two and he could give them the letter then. Maybe they had already
left to help the Granger girl and he was just being redundant. He would
do it anyway, and hope Draco Malfoy felt arse afterward.

He was so caught up in his own annoyance that he didn't notice the
hooded figure that walked through the door and straight to the bar.
Hardly anyone noticed in fact. But a handful of people did, and when the
girl leaned across the bar to whisper something to the barmaid, one of
them thundered up behind her and seized her by the arm.

"Got you, Granger! You're under arrest!" the wizard shouted
dramatically, flashing his Sentinel's badge to the surrounding tavern
that had fallen into a stunned silence at the outburst. Robert dropped
his mug in surprise and horror.

"Unhand me, you stupid oaf!" the girl screamed, throwing back her hood.

It was not, in fact, Granger. It was Natalie.

The Sentinel realized his mistake and flushed. He glanced around the
room quickly, aware that the entire tavern was now looking at him
expectantly, and he quickly tried to cover his mistake with bluster.

"So you think a little polyjuice is going to trick a Sentinel? Hah! Hand
over your wand or I'll be forced to stun you."

Natalie's indignation turned to fury as the larger wizard continued to
manhandle her.

"I'll hand you my wand! I'll make you eat the damn thing. Now, let go of
me! Someone *help*!"

No one moved.

"Resisting arrest, are you? Fine, if that's how—"

"What is your name, officer?"

The Sentinel turned to see Robert now standing behind him. Natalie's
eyes widened and narrowed suspiciously in turn.

"What's my name? What's *your* name?" the man said defensively. "You
tryin to interfere with a Sentinel doing his duty?"

"My name is Robert Reicher, professional lawyer, and if your duty is
abusing school girls then I am afraid I must interfere. Now, what is
your name and the name of your supervising officer?"

The Sentinel's eyes widened, and he looked around nervously.

"I . . . I don't have to tell you that!"

"Technically, Flaske, you do, you great idiot," a new voice interrupted
from the stairway at the corner of the tavern. It was yet another
Sentinel, shedding a notice-me-not charm as she descended the stairs and
made her way towards them. She turned towards Robert and gave him a
suspicious look. "I'm Sentinel Harper, this is Sentinel Flaske.
Sentinel-Inspector Amelon is our supervisor. We are here looking for a
sixteen-year old girl suspected of murder."

Harper turned an intent look at Natalie, who scowled right back at her.

Robert raised an eyebrow at the suspected murderer, then turned back to
the female Sentinel.

"Really? And sixteen and female is your only search criteria?"

"She is also wearing a Hogwarts cloak, the school the suspect attends."

"Well, that explains things. And is she the girl you're looking for?"

"Probably not," Harper said without inflection, glaring at Flaske before
turning a bland expression to Natalie. "I'll need to see your papers
before I can let you go."

The young witch gave them all a disgruntled look but presented her
identification papers that any witch or wizard old enough to wield a
wand was required to carry. Harper barely glanced at them.

"You don't live in London," she remarked.

"My mother is an art dealer. She's been storing some items for a client
who lives here in London. She said I could wait here while she meets
with them," Natalie said. It was only half a lie. Her mother really did
have London clients she was storing items for if the Sentinels decided
to check it out. Harper shrugged and handed back her identification.

"Sorry about the mix up."

Natalie didn't deign to reply and stalked off to the other end of the
bar. The conversation that had died during their little drama picked up
again, people joking and speculating on the failed arrest and who the
sixteen-year old murderer could possibly be. Harper slapped Flaske
upside the head and dragged him off to a corner to resume their post.
Robert wandered down to join Natalie, who was being served a pint of
butterbeer by someone who clearly wasn't the barmaid.

At first, Robert thought the redhead was one of the owners, but as he
drew closer he realized he was too young, only about Natalie's age. A
school friend? The boy looked at him without expression as he approached
and left altogether when he sat down. Robert was starting to wonder if
he needed a shower or something with the way people were treating him
today.

"Thanks," Natalie muttered, not looking up from her drink.

"Oh, gratitude! I like that. Do you think you could throw in an apology
somewhere in there?"

The young witch said nothing.

"Right. Since my presence seems to be rather superfluous, I'll just
leave it to you then."

He tossed the letter Draco had given to him onto the bar and walked
away. She watched him go out of the corner of her eye, but didn't
follow. Whether or not she could actually trust him, she wasn't
absolutely certain. This could all have been a trap set by him, and now
he was luring her into a false sense of security so she would lead
others back to Hermione. Oh, Merlin, who was she kidding? If Reicher had
betrayed them, all he would have had to do was tell them he saw Natalie
with Hermione earlier and they would have Hermione's location out of her
quick enough whether she willed it or no. She . . . maybe . . . owed him
an apology, but it wasn't going to be given in a pub surrounded by
Sentinels and eavesdropping customers. Not after what had just happened.

Even Ron had the sense not to talk to her.

At least, not out loud.

She looked down once again at her butter beer, watching the tiny little
bubbles floating to the surface to spell out a series of letters until
the message became visible.

*Baggins Alley. 8:00 PM*.

She took a moment to memorize it, then swallowed the message down with a
long draw from her tankard. Conspiracy was a thirsty business.

---

Hermione was starting to think she would never be warm again. She had
been outside for hours, unable to risk returning to her hotel room or
ducking inside to get warm, and she had grown exhausted just maintaining
the warming charms on her clothes, which never seemed to hold up well to
either wet or wind. Natalie had brought her a cup of hot chocolate to
help keep up her strength, but that had been hours ago.

Now London was dark and colder still, and they had curled up next to
each other on some crates in an alley to get out of the wind. They
didn't dare light their wands or speak too loudly. Sentinels still
patrolled the city, and even if curfew wasn't in affect for another hour
or so there was still a risk of being pulled aside for identification.

"What time is it?" she asked quietly.

"Fifteen til. We'll leave in a minute here," Natalie replied, sounding
relieved. She wasn't enjoying their outdoor excursion any more than
Hermione, even if she had more opportunities to warm up.

"Aren't your mums going to be wondering where you are?"

"I told them I might spend that night with you and Draco."

"Why would you spend the night?"

Natalie hadn't spent the night at Malfoy Manor since she was ten, before
puberty had reared its ugly head and deemed childhood over and propriety
an unofficial law.

"Draco's dad is dead, remember? He might want a friendly face after
something like that."

Hermione ducked her head guiltily. Of course Draco would want comfort,
*deserved* comfort, and if circumstances were different she would
probably be giving it to him herself right now.

"It still doesn't feel real. It's just . . . I don't know. I should feel
scared or sad or angry . . . *something,*but I don't. I can't. It didn't
even occur to me that Draco would feel sad about Lucius. God, what's
going to happen to Draco?"

Her brother had never been on his own before. Not at school, not at
home, not anywhere. Hermione had always been his companion in those
matters his parents had been unable to follow or understand. She had
always been his best friend.

"He'll be okay," Natalie said softly. "He's stronger than you give him
credit for, but I'll take care of him when he needs it."

Hermione nodded.

"I suppose you've been doing a better job of it than I have lately."

"You had your own things to deal with."

Natalie stood up and stretched.

"Enough of this maudlin shite. Let's go."

The walk was short and uneventful, except for a brief scare when they
startled up a flock of pigeons. Baggins Alley was a little dead end
street that had once opened up to Muggle London. It had been sealed off
after the war, like most other streets, but it still warranted a place
on most city maps if only for those wizarding folk separated from their
muggle loved ones to leave tokens and pictures of remembrance. The brick
wall at the end of the alley was still covered in photographs, moving
and unmoving alike and letters that would never be read, rustling like
leaves whenever the wind blew. It was a sad place, Hermione thought, not
unlike a cemetery or some other memorial.

A figure stood at the entrance, looking about anxiously until he spotted
them and retreated further into the alley. They took a precautionary
look around themselves before following after.

"Ron?" Hermione whispered.

"Sshhh. Don't talk until we're on the other side. Here, take off your
cloaks and put these on," he said, and shoved something into their arms.
Confused and becoming increasingly nervous, she did as he said,
carefully transferring her miniaturized trunk and wand from her cloak to
the unfamiliar coats. The parkas were silly looking things, puffy and
inelegant, but they were warmer than cloaks and with the hood up it was
like being enveloped in warmth all over. It was muggle clothing she
realized with a jolt.

They were going into Muggle London.

They hadn't been sure exactly what Ron had wanted to meet them for, but
apparently he had known about his brothers' plans to help her sneak out
of London. It was a stroke of luck. She had thought it would take at
least another day explain their need.

Ron paid them no mind as they floundered their way into their new
clothing and turned his attention to the alley wall. Whatever magic had
been undone on it had just as readily been redone, and a few taps with
his wand had the wall folding in on itself and tucking bits of paper and
celluloid harmlessly away as it did so. Ron went through first, looked
around, and gestured for them to follow. They did so, and the wall
sealed itself behind them once again.

The alley on one side of the wall wasn't very different from the other
by appearance, but there was definitely a difference in the air. Noise
was filtering into the alley, loud and alien and unceasing, and it was
with considerable trepidation that Hermione and Natalie followed Ron out
onto the pavement.

Muggle London was like nothing either of them had ever imagined. They
had been so young when they were taken, their memories stolen, until
whatever remained was nothing more than an old dream that grew dimmer
with every passing year. They had never imagined there would be so
*many* people in one place. They were crowded on the pavement in ones
and twos and small groups, talking into little objects in their hands
like crazy people, smoking cigarettes, and stalking about in impossible
looking shoes and tiny skirts. Muggles crowded the streets in cars that
looked not only strangely different from the few automobiles they had
seen but also completely different from each other. They crowded the
windows of shops, restaurants, private gyms, and shop apartments. So
full of people and all of them seeming to be on their way somewhere or
doing something, until Hermione and Natalie felt dizzy just trying to
keep from running into anyone.

The lights didn't help matters. There were so many lights and of so many
sizes, colors, and shades and some of them moving or blinking or
spinning about. The noise was baffling in and of itself, car horns,
clacking shoes on wet pavement, beeping and buzzing sounds from coat
pockets, strange music drifting out of open doors, one-sided
conversations, catcalls, and whistles.

Even the busiest cities and largest events in Wizarding Britain had
nothing on this sensory nightmare.

"Oh god," Natalie moaned. "I think I'm going to puke."

"Don't worry about it. It happens to everyone the first time," Ron said
nonchalantly, not even slowing his pace. "Do it in the gutter if really
have to."

"Ron, where are we going?"

"There's a bus stop just up ahead. We'll take it down to the river, then
get you a ticket on the ferry."

Hermione started to shake. This was really happening, she realized. It
was finally starting to become real.

They managed to make it to the bus stop without anyone puking. While
Natalie took a moment to lean on a lamppost and close her eyes in an
attempt to regain her equilibrium, Ron killed time by playing tour guide
and pointing out the various sights London had to offer.

"That's the London Eye," he said, pointing to the giant Ferris Wheel
spinning about in the distance. "Fred and George took me up there last
year. You can see all of muggle London. Gives you kind of a queer
feeling, looking down on it. Makes you feel small and kinda stupid. I
mean, there's this whole giant world down there, out here, thirteen
million people in this city alone, and we try to pretend it ain't even
there. How dumb is that?"

Thirteen million people, Hermione marveled. A number both awe inspiring
and terrifying. There were more muggles in this city alone than there
were wizards and witches across the world. She had come from this place
or some place like it, but like Ron had said, she had gotten so good at
pretending it wasn't there that she had forgotten about it.

"I wonder if my parents are out here," she said. "I could have walked by
them and I would never know."

Ron gave her a startled look, then looked away.

"I could probably find out," he said. "I mean . . . they keep
everybody's name in giant books where anybody can find them. It couldn't
be that hard to look them up."

Hermione smiled a bit sadly.

"That's sweet of you, but I don't think it would do any good. They
wouldn't know who I am."

The bus they were apparently waiting for pulled to the corner, and Ron
led them on, slipping the fare into the coin box as he went. The bus was
almost empty but for a young man listening to his headphones an elderly
woman dozing against her husband's shoulder. The bus lurched into
movement, and Natalie groaned unhappily.

"Alright, here are your papers and some light reading," he told
Hermione, pulling out a thick envelope and opening it. "This is your
passport, this is your photo ID, and this is your oyster card. Don't ask
me about the last one, I have no idea what it does but supposedly every
adult muggle has one. Fred and George tweaked the age a bit so no one
would bother you for traveling alone. This is about fifty galleons worth
of Francs. They use muggle money even in the wizarding parts of France.
This is Fred and George's little instruction manual for traveling around
muggles. You'll have two and a half hours to read through that. Explains
things like money, transport, muggle customs, things like that . . ."

"Where did you get all this? How do you even know about it?"

"Where do you think? My brothers have been sneaking into the muggle
world for years. I'd say they got the itch from Dad, but they're way
smarter about it. You didn't think they got all that money to buy a pub
from smuggling Christmas presents into Hogwarts, did you? That was just
the tip of the iceberg. The real money's in smuggling muggle contraband
and tourism."

"Tourism?"

"Sure. There's lots of things to see and do out here. The old timers
miss being able to do it, and the younger folks like the thrill of doing
something novel and illegal. It's not like it hurts anybody."

"Unless you get caught."

"Yeah . . ." he agreed, his smile fading. Hermione frowned thoughtfully.
"Anyway, Harry had them put a kit together for you a while back, just in
case. So when Natalie showed up at the tavern, I knew what she was there
for."

Hermione frowned thoughtfully.

"How did you know what she was there for, Ron?" she asked, because it
was rather a leap in logic for him to have assumed Natalie showing up at
the Red Weasel meant Hermione had to leave the country. He didn't
answer.

"Ron . . . how come Fred and George aren't here?"

"Don't worry about it," he said. "They'll be okay. It's probably best I
got this out of their office, or they really might have gotten in
trouble."

Natalie pulled herself out of her misery long enough to turn to Ron.

"They were arrested. That's why there were all those Sentinels there.
They thought Hermione might show up in person to ask for help."

He shrugged.

"They won't keep them. They didn't know anything about Lucius, and they
never saw Hermione after the fact, so they can't charge them with
anything. Most they got them on is muggle contraband, and I doubt
they'll get more than a fine for that."

He sounded as though he was trying to convince himself, and Hermione
couldn't even begin to think what he must be feeling. His father had
died in prison, and now his brothers were looking at a similar fate. All
because of her.

"I'm sorry, Ron."

"It's fine," he said. "Way I figure it, me helping you out means Draco
owes me a favor. Might work out better to have a Malfoy on the Weasley
side of things for once."

She wasn't sure what he meant by that, but she could tell he didn't want
to talk about it anymore.

"So where am I going in France, precisely?"

"Paris."

She took a sharp breath.

"Are you sure that's safe?"

"Lot of English refugees in Paris. It'll be easy enough to disappear.
Won't be able to use your wand though. Not until you find a way to get
it registered without getting arrested. You'll probably want to unshrink
your trunk before you get on the ferry."

They talked more about the practicalities of Hermione's emergency
excursion into a foreign country. On such short notice, there hadn't
been time to make arrangements for her arrival, so she would essentially
be on her own once she got off the ferry. She spoke a little French, she
had a little money, and her school trunk had plenty of items she could
use, trade, or sell. For the short-term, she would be fine so long as
she stayed below notice. What she was going to do long term was a
trickier matter. The Weasley brothers might be master criminals, but she
wasn't and didn't know how she was supposed to live if she were forced
into hiding for months or even years.

She tried not to let her misgivings show.

She could do this. She *would* do this.

She didn't have a choice.

The bus had been nearly empty, but the port was full of people on their
way home from visiting family and holiday retreats. Hermione felt
self-conscious in the crowd, wondering if anyone would notice anything
*off* about her. Her clothes, her behaviors, some unknown quality that
separated a witch from every other woman there. But no one seemed to
notice, not even when she went into the public loo empty handed and came
out carrying a trunk. She wondered, hopefully, if muggles weren't
perhaps naturally oblivious to magic.

Ron bought her ticket for the ferry and pointed the ship out to her on
the pier. It seemed monstrously huge to her and strangely unreal with
its gleaming white hull and fluorescent lights gleaming out from the
interior, but so much of London seemed strange to her. She thought it
might have been terribly exciting under normal circumstances, but at the
moment it just made her feel uneasy and vaguely homesick.

They settled on a bench outside overlooking the Thames so Natalie could
look out across the river rather than around her, and it seemed to help
settle some of her queasiness. Hermione thought she was already starting
to get used to it, but she didn't want to be left alone in it either.

"You'll be okay," Ron said.

"You don't know that," she said.

"You survived Lucius bloody Malfoy. I doubt Paris is going to be much of
a challenge."

Her mouth twitched a bit, but settled again.

"Better the danger you know . . ." she said. "Besides, I had Draco and
my friends then."

He snorted. "Yeah, I think you might have done better on your own."

She looked away, annoyed. He was hardly in a position to criticize, but
she didn't want to start an argument. Not now.

"I wish they were here."

"Why?" Natalie muttered. "It would only make things harder."

"I would have liked to say goodbye. I don't know when I'll see them
again."

"Probably this summer. Draco will be seventeen and travel to France is
permitted now, and Harry's always coming and going. God, even the
Weaslette was talking about going. Bill Weasley and her little friend
from the tourney are there."

"She's right," Ron agreed reluctantly. "They'll find you sooner or
later."

Hermione smiled at them gratefully. When they said it like that, it
wasn't so scary. She *had* always wanted to see Paris, even before Harry
had described what a beautiful and strange city it really was.
Sometimes, when she was depressed, she would imagine what it would have
been like to run to Beauxbatons, hide away in the catacomb libraries,
wander the museums and galleries, steal into the lectures at the city
universities . . . just any number of little things. When Harry and
Draco came or she could finally come home, she would have so much to
tell them. Her own little adventure.

"Thank you."

A voice boomed from somewhere above them in English and then in French,
calling for passengers to begin loading. Suddenly, Hermione's tentative
happiness fled her, but she forced herself to keep smiling. Natalie and
Ron walked her down to the boarding gate.

"Is there anything you want me to tell them?" Natalie asked.

"A thousand things," she said sadly, "But I can only think of the
obvious ones right now. Take care of yourself. I'll miss you. I love
you. That sort of thing."

"Would you mind terribly if I slipped in a 'And Natalie can borrow
anything she likes from my closet' somewhere in there?"

Hermione rolled her eyes.

"Just be careful around the bunny slippers. They've been known to
nibble."

She turned to Ron to thank him for what he and his brothers had done to
help her.

He leaned in and kissed her. Her cheeks were suddenly burning, but she
didn't pull away until he did. She slapped him, mostly by instinct, and
then turned even redder. He gave her an embarrassed little half smile.

"Sorry. Just in case, you know."

She nodded dumbly. She hadn't actually minded really.

Somewhere behind her, Natalie made gagging noises.

Ron glared at her for a half second, then turned back Hermione, and she
thought he might try and kiss her again when he leaned in a second time.
But all he did was whisper in her ear.

"I know I should have been better to you, and I'm sorry that I wasn't."
