# Raveling and Unraveling Plots

"What do you means he knows?" Draco yelled, causing Harry to bank his
shot on the pool table and send his eight ball (which was 'in fact'
magic for the purposes of wizarding pool) to leap over the side of the
table. The ball smacked the ground with a harsh clatter and burst into
eight exact replicas that proceeded to roll away in every direction.
Natalie, Clyde, and Ginny, who had all been waiting their turn off to
the side, hurried to collect them before they ran into something else
and multiplied yet again. Hermione stood stock still, her jaw hanging
open in stunned speechlessness.

Harry himself was attempting to hide his sheepish expression by
pretending to look for balls under the table. He had put off telling his
friends about Snape knowing their little scheme for the last two days,
but they had pulled him down into the Hogsmeade Hall Rec room for some
much needed down-time, and with Saturday's tea time appointment drawing
nearer he couldn't justify keeping them in the dark any longer.

The Rec Room was luckily deserted. The residents had reduced to a
quarter of their initial population; having either constructed shelters
back in Hogsmeade or else left the area in search of work. With fewer
and fewer villagers residing in the Hall, students had taken to visiting
the various rooms that had served for entertainment and leisure. This
was technically against current school policy, but since it presented a
preferable alternative to mischief-making, no one had enforced the rule.

"Well," Harry began, his eyes glued to the floor, pretending to search
for the escaped balls as well, "he sort of... found out about it a few
days ago."

"How the hell did that happen?" Draco shouted. He was getting louder and
more accusatory by the second.

"Hmmm..." Harry tried to think how to explain what had happened but
couldn't decide what he should tell and what he should leave out.
"Hmmm... OW! OW! HERMIONE, STOP THAT!"

He ducked behind the table and out of the line of fire of Hermione's
Stinging Hex. She looked utterly furious.

"Hey, now," Clyde protested weakly. "Let him explain at least."

"What kind of explanation could he give for not telling us for *days?*"

"Er..."

Harry dared to show enough of his head in search of possible allies.
Draco. Nope. Clyde. Already surrendered. Ginny. Not exactly a
sympathetic look on her face. Natalie! Surely, Natalie would...

"That's kind of funny," the Slytherin girl said, looking entirely too
amused for anyone's liking. "Didn't your mood improve considerably just
a 'few days ago'?"

He really should have known better.

"*Thank you!*" Harry muttered, and ducked down again to avoid another
hex. "Will you *stop* that, Hermione? It wasn't my fault! I was
legilimized!"

"What?"

"Whoa! No way!" Clyde said.

"Oh, Harry, are you alright?" Ginny asked, suddenly all sympathy when he
no longer needed it.

Natalie rolled her eyes. "Still doesn't explain you going from Mr. Mopey
to Mr. Sunshine."

"What happened, Harry?" Hermione demanded. "And stop trying to think up
some sort of story. I can tell when you're hiding something."

"Fine, *fine,* just stop throwing hexes at me. It really wasn't my
fault."

"Perish the thought," Natalie laughed.

Despite Hermione's insistence that she knew when he was hiding
something, he was able to conjure a story close enough to the truth that
even she seemed satisfied. He told her that while in Bristol he had seen
the Dark Lord come back from Germany and that his wounds had been so
horrific and the things said to him during the Dark Lord's moments of
agony had been so hurtful, he had been feeling extremely depressed.
Snape had taken notice and tried to figure out what was wrong with
him... with unexpected results. So now Snape knew about Hermione's
emancipation plot, and while he didn't seemed particularly enthused
about it, he hadn't decided to put an end to it either. He did, however,
want to speak with them that Saturday.

Draco groaned. Hermione refrained, but her expression looked decidedly
pinched.

"This isn't necessarily a bad thing," Harry tried to assure them. "If we
can convince him that this is a good plan, then maybe he'll go along
with it. He might be Lucius' friend, but he takes his responsibility as
your godfather very seriously and we already know he was against the
betrothal. It would be good to have someone on our side who is able to
think on the same level as the General."

There were mixed feelings about this. Clyde readily agreed, and Ginny
was tentatively optimistic. Draco was noncommittal. Hermione was too
busy trying to think of all the pros and cons to do more than pace back
and forth anxiously. Natalie, unfortunately, decided she was his
arch-nemesis that day.

"I don't like it," she said bluntly. "When it was just us, we could
change our minds and our plans however we liked. Hermione got to decide
for herself what was in her best interest, and we got to decide how far
or what actions we would take to uphold her decision. But now? Now it's
in an adult's hands. A very strong-willed, opinionated adult. What are
we going to do if he decides he doesn't like our plan?"

Harry's heart sank. He hadn't thought of that. All he had been
preoccupied with was the fact that he and Snape were once again on
relatively good terms and that they had a strong alliance once again. He
hadn't considered the consequences of the fickleness of Snape's
indulgences or how easily and often they struggled with each other over
matters of mutual importance. And now he had pulled his friends into
their battle of wills, and there was no telling how it would all turn
out in the end.

"... I'm sorry," he said. "I really didn't mean for him to find out, but
I didn't think it was a bad thing for him to know since he seemed
willing to go along with the plan. If Snape thinks it's a workable plan,
then I have that much more confidence in it. I hadn't thought about... I
mean... I'm sorry."

Hermione stopped pacing for a moment to spare him a kind and somewhat
exasperated look.

"Harry, I don't blame you for Uncle Severus finding out. That was an
accident. But why didn't you tell us that he knew sooner? I can't
understand your logic there at all."

"Oh... that," he said. He felt suddenly embarrassed. "Well, you know how
you thought I seemed so much happier the last couple of days?"

Ginny giggled. Harry had indeed been strangely cheerful recently. While
he wasn't particularly moody by nature, his recent bout of depression
notwithstanding, as a rule he wasn't prone towards general silliness
either. And lately, he had been bordering on nonsensical. All the school
work and activities he had been neglecting over the last week, he
suddenly threw himself into with more zeal than sense. He had been
turning in homework assignments to the wrong instructors, reading the
wrong chapters, pairing up duelists in Dueling Club in rather terrifying
combinations, and Charms and Transfiguration practicals had been...
curious. For nearly a day, he hadn't even been able to locate his wand.
The entire time he had treated it all like one big joke.

The school was now floating with rumors that Snape had him on
anti-depressant potions, and Ginny had almost been willing to believe it
herself except that he had steadily leveled off in his strange behavior
until he was as close to normal as he had ever been.

He laughed a little himself, although with some embarrassment. He hadn't
been entirely unaware to his own weirdness either.

"Okay, so... I told you that Snape was worried about my depression,
right? He didn't exactly get distracted even after he found out about
the emancipation. He still went ahead and... sort of 'tweaked' my brain
a bit."

There was a stunned silence. Clyde dropped all the balls he had picked
up, causing them explode yet again into several multiples of eight.

"Shit."

"Oh my *God*," Natalie gasped. "You let *Snape* *tweak your brain*?
Ugh!"

"It was just a memory suppression!" he protested, "It's not like he
rearranged things!"

"That you *know* of."

He rolled his eyes.

"*Anyway*, I was a little... weird afterward. I didn't want to have to
explain what had happened when I wasn't thinking clearly."

"You are sure he didn't rearrange anything?" Natalie asked.

"Legilimency doesn't work that way. If he'd rearranged something, I
would know. I can tell already he suppressed a memory, even if I don't
know exactly what it was."

It had something to do with his time in Hausteheim, but he knew nothing
more than that. He had driven himself half-crazy trying to distract
himself from the niggling feeling that he was forgetting something,
hence his earlier erratic behavior. The only thing it had achieved was
making him exhausted and delaying a conversation he should have had a
lot sooner.

Natalie made a show of shuddering.

"It's just as well Snape knows," Harry said, partly just to annoy her
and partly because there was something that had been bothering him for a
while now. "I've gotten over my head with Lucius. He seems to think I've
been trying to kill him."

"Ha!" Draco laughed. Harry frowned at him. Draco's eyes widened. "You're
serious?"

Harry nodded.

"I can't go into details, but he has accused me of it."

"Harry..." Hermione started but bit her lip. She didn't know what to
say. If her foster father truly believed her friend had tried to harm
him, she feared for him. More so than Harry seemed to have the sense to
fear for himself. Even Natalie couldn't seem to find any humor in it.

"Well, bother," Draco muttered. "And we're going to be getting Christmas
Ball invitations soon. We're hosting this year. I guess you'll just have
to fake the flu or something."

Harry shrugged.

"That won't be necessary."

Hermione scowled at his nonchalance.

"Harry, don't be reckless. The Manor is his home turf and if he suspects
you of something, then the whole property could be set against you at
his whim!"

"Listen, I'm not looking forward to it, but running away isn't going to
convince him of my innocence. We'll face each other. We'll have it out.
We'll move on. It's not like he can seriously harm me during a party and
with the Dark Lord around. I'd rather get it over with than wait for him
to sneak up behind me when I'm not ready for him."

"Hey!" Draco objected, "My father does not *sneak*... Well, except for
that one time, but-"

"Harry," Hermione interrupted, "Think about this logically. If Lucius
thinks you are trying to kill him, really *believes* it, then you are
not safe from him. Even if he can't kill you or seriously hurt you, he's
not going let you go until he's absolutely sure you can't hurt him
anymore. Do you have any idea how easy it would be for him to separate
you from the party in Malfoy Manor without anyone realizing you are
gone? Or what he could do to you that wouldn't leave any obvious signs?"

"She's right," Draco said, his expression unusually solemn. "Facing him,
facing *any* wizard, in his ancestral home is never a good idea."

Harry looked between them both, reading their genuine concern. He wasn't
exactly expecting a walk in the park either, but he was starting to get
the idea that walking into Malfoy Manor held as many sinister
possibilities as walking into Hausteheim. Perhaps he should rethink his
strategy.

"Okay," he relinquished. "I'll try to sort this out with him *before*
the party. Any ideas?"

"Why does he think you're trying to kill him anyway?" Ginny asked.

"Because..." He stopped. He couldn't actually explain that to them. It
was a huge convoluted mess, and in order for it to make sense he would
have to reveal far more than Snape or the Dark Lord would be pleased
with. Not to mention Ron's involvement. "Never mind. I'll ask Snape."

"And that wasn't insulting at all," Natalie muttered.

"It's complicated," he objected.

"So of course we wouldn't understand. Just keep digging that hole
deeper, Harry."

"Give him a break. I still get a headache just thinking about the *last*
time he tried to explain an entire situation," Clyde objected, referring
to Harry's possession by a dead man and his subsequent rampage through
Germany with his werewolf horde. "And then Snape gave me the Evil Eye
for a month."

Draco wasn't as lenient regarding explanations, even though he too had
been similarly baffled.

"Well, *I*still want to know why my father thinks you have it in for
him. More importantly, I think I have a right to know, especially if you
expect me to continue conspiring behind his back."

Harry frowned but acknowledged the point. He just wasn't certain how
much he should say. Whatever he told Draco, the Slytherin was likely to
be angry with him afterward. His father had been deathly sick and Harry
hadn't been able to bring himself around to telling him about it. At
least, not until he was certain he could save the troublesome man first.
The weight of Draco's expectations would have been more than he could
have handled during an already stressful time.

Now he could save Lucius and that spared him a lot of worry over his
friend's reaction, but he didn't wish to reveal his intention to cure
his father before he had done so. There was still a chance of failure,
but a more serious risk was Draco insistence to either participate or at
least observe the breaking of the curse. If he did that, he would know
about Ron, which would give rise to questions Harry wasn't prepared to
answer. It would be better if he waited until after the curse was
broken.

"Okay, but I think we should wait until afternoon tea with your
godfather. I have a general idea of why he thinks I have it in for him,
but Snape is the one who knows the facts behind his reasoning. I don't
know how serious of a threat Lucius actually considers me or if it's
just a suspicion."

There, that gave him a legitimate excuse to delay the discussion,
although it would no doubt make Draco even angrier at him later. He was
looking more than a little peeved already, but a look from Hermione made
him drop the discussion for now. Like Harry, they too needed to gather
their thoughts so that when the time for answers came they would know
what questions to ask.

Thursday morning, Draco and Hermione were still annoyed with him, but
that was to be expected. At least they weren't tossing hexes at him. The
giddiness that had plagued him had dissipated completely even if the
aggravating feeling of having forgotten something had not. He was
learning to live with it. For the first time in a long time, things
felt... normal. Manageable. Once he sorted things out with Lucius
Malfoy, all his major problems would be settled and he could once again
start looking ahead to the future rather than trying to keep the present
from falling down around him.

And despite his friends' concern, he didn't think it would be difficult
to work things out with Lucius. Once his curse was lifted, he would be
thinking more clearly and realize Harry had no real reason to want him
dead.

But that was something that he would start worrying about on Friday,
after the curse was broken. For now, he was happy to just wallow in this
feeling of... well... happiness. And today, the universe was
accommodating him, irritated best friends aside.

"You are such a geek," Natalie accused as she followed him up to the
Astronomy Tower from the Great Hall. No doubt there were would whispers
around the school of a secret tryst by lunch.

"How am I a geek?" he asked. He couldn't help but smile even though he
could practically *feel* her scowling at him.

"No one should be this happy about receiving mail from five-year-olds."

"For your information, Alyssa is ten and Morgana is eight. Besides,
something from their fathers is probably included as well."

"And that's a reason to be happy, why?"

"It's like getting a letter from relatives. Ones I actually like, and
who like me back."

She remained silent for a moment.

"Oh."

"Yeah."

"You're still a geek."

He didn't bother arguing with her. They reached the Astronomy Tower and
ducked inside. There was a sentry stationed there like always but the
Sentinel was happy enough to give them privacy so that she could warm up
in the castle interior. The tower was still cold, but most of the glass
had been replaced and blocked out the worst of the wind. He cast a
warming charm on Natalie and then himself. She looked startled, then
pleased at his consideration. Her tone was less antagonistic afterward.

"So what did they say? And why did it warrant a trip all the way up
here? The Great Hall is warmer."

"I don't open my mail in there anymore. People are always trying to read
over my shoulder or pestering me about what I received. It's really
annoying." Not to mention risky.

"Ah... should I go then?" she asked neutrally. He smiled at her.

"You're not 'people', Natalie. You're much too clever to be lumped with
the masses," he replied with a wicked smile. One she returned.

"I don't know what Snape did exactly, but perhaps it wasn't as bad as I
had thought."

"Why do all your compliments have to be double-edged?"

"I don't know. Maybe I'm just ambiguous."

Harry snorted. Aside from Lord Voldemort, Natalie was the most
self-certain person he knew. More than her soft, blond hair or her full
Cupid's bow lips, it was what had made her so attractive to him in the
first place. Whoever had gotten the idea that Slytherins were cowardly
had never met a Slytherin like her. Before he had panicked and pushed
her away, he had believed she was the one person who would never be
afraid of him or the life he lived. She had never shied away from him,
never judged him for his misadventures and eccentricities. Even now, the
more intense and strange his life became the less inclined she seemed to
be to walk away.

The realization that he was alone with her suddenly struck him. She was
standing next to him, smiling at him, almost touching. He could kiss
her, he realized, and she would let him. He suspected she *wanted* him
to. She had never had a boyfriend after him and had never shown interest
in anyone else. She had turned him down when he had attempted to make up
the first time, but even he had to admit he hadn't been ready to open up
to her the way she deserved.

Was he any more prepared now? He didn't know, but he wanted to. He
wanted to if only so he could kiss her lips and stroke the soft skin of
her arms, her hips, her...

He quickly turned his attention back to his letter. He prayed to Madris
that she hadn't caught him ogling her, or if she had she would the
decency not to call him on it. She wasn't usually the type to cut him
any slack regardless of teenage hormones.

It took him a few moments of blankly staring at the letter in front of
him before anything resembling comprehension seeped in, but when it did
he was pleased amusement quickly replaced arousal. Alyssa and Morgana
were excited to tell him about a school trip to a dragon sanctuary and
the meeting of Hagrid, who had said they were friends. They were very
taken with the half-giant and thought Harry had some of the coolest
friends in the world. On the back of the letter was a rather impressive
picture of Hagrid throwing dead chickens at a juvenile Chinese Red,
while Alyssa and Morgana stood smiling nearby and the rest of their
class ran away in terror. Harry could very easily imagine just such a
scene playing out where the dragon-loving man was concerned.

Natalie moved to look over his shoulder, her hand pressing lightly
against him. She let out a laugh, and he felt himself flush at her
proximity. She was making it very difficult to concentrate.

As he had suspected, included in the envelope was a letter from the
girls' fathers. Or at least Kyle, the one who wasn't bound under
attorney-client privilege. It was considerably longer than his
daughters' letter, and went into several different subjects; the trials
and benefits of country living, how the girls were doing in school,
holiday plans, hopes that he was doing well and would come visit soon,
and congratulations for somehow outwitting Lucius Malfoy, and a request
for a detailed explanation of how he did so.

Harry smiled. So Malfoy had already called off the proposal, even before
he had been cured. That was a good sign. Perhaps he was already
reconsidering Harry's involvement in the curse, or else hadn't been as
convinced as he had let on. He told Natalie the betrothal was already
broken.

"So it would seem all this planning was for nothing," she said, sounding
genuinely disappointed.

"I wouldn't say that. Just because this betrothal's broken, doesn't mean
Hermione's going to want to stick around waiting for his next attempt to
ruin her life. She might still want to be emancipated."

"But Snape probably won't go for it if there isn't an immediate threat."

"Well, then, Snape doesn't have to know we're going to go ahead with it
anyway," he pointed out. That thought made him feel rather guilty, but
he no more thought Snape had no more right to rule Hermione's life than
Lucius did. Hermione's life was Hermione's life. She was smart and
capable. Left to her own devices, she could turn herself into something
truly great.

Thoughts of Hermione were quickly banished when Natalie suddenly leaned
forward and kissed his cheek. His ears were instantly burning, and the
confused and embarrassed look he gave the girl was met with one of
devious glee.

"I *love*it when you're conniving."

She hurried towards the door, while Harry remained rooted to the spot.

"Aren't you coming? We should tell Hermione immediately. You know how
she feels about procrastination," she said, her tone touched with irony.

"Er... yeah, you go on ahead and tell her. I'm going to write a reply to
the letter."

"You're going to be late for class."

"I have art next. The teacher doesn't care if I'm late as long as I get
my assignments completed."

She rolled her eyes.

"Alright, suit yourself."

She closed the doors, and he let out the breath he had been holding.
That girl was going to be the death of him one day.

"You know, if she didn't frighten me so much, I might actually like that
girl."

Harry looked up into the support beams to see Bobby looking down at him.
He felt another flush of embarrassment. Oh, Merlin, he had nearly
started snogging with Natalie in front of his *brother.* Ugh.

"Hey," he greeted, trying nonchalant. "Where have you been?"

"Exploring, of course. It's in my nature, and this is one of the most
magical places in all the mortal realms."

"And did you find anything interesting?"

"Absolutely, but perhaps nothing you don't know about yourself."

"Just try to avoid the Chamber of Secrets. There's a basilisk in there."

"Not to mention the killer tree on the lawn."

"The Whomping Willow? Pfft. We used to play around with it when the
weather was good. Back when they let out on the grounds, that is."

"It's a wonder any of the students survive to graduation here."

"It's wonderful preparation for the real world. How are you feeling? You
look... healthier than when I last saw you."

He fluffed his feathers and started to preen.

"Much better, thank you. You look to be in better spirits as well. Did
something happen after I left you with the headmaster?" Although he had
been keeping a close eye on his reincarnated brother, he could detect
nothing amiss.

Harry told him what he could remember of his visit with Snape, how he
had already known some great secret and how to protect him, Snape had
hidden the secret so that Harry himself could not remember it, yet could
still draw it up with the use of the pensieve. Bobby didn't know whether
to be horrified or relieved. It seemed they had an ally in the
formidable Severus Snape and for now he thought it best to go along with
his plan. And yet, could the headmaster be entirely trusted? He was
protecting Harry's secret, but for what reason? And how far would such
loyalty extend?

He would have to keep a close watch on the man.

In the meantime, however, he saw no reason to ruin the young wizard's
good humor with these foreboding thoughts. He had been so depressed
before, and that sort of malaise could rob one of their quick thinking
and motivation. Neither of which someone in Harry's position could
afford to. Letting the young wizard stumble around in ignorance wasn't
ideal, but it was definitely safer.

For now.

Viktor scanned the headlines of the papers resting inside the newspaper
stand, heedless of the cold rain seeping into the thick wool of his
cloak as he read one cover after another. Despite boasting over twenty
titles, three in different languages and half originating from somewhere
other than Paris, a majority of them involved the same story:
Voldemort's sudden public reappearance in Britain after his
disappearance from Germany and voluntary isolation on his estate,
appearing none the worse for wear. There were a hundred theories
regarding his withdrawal from the fighting, the possible consequences of
this ill-timed retreat, and what it meant for him to suddenly reappear.
Some said he had been savagely injured, others that he had chickened
out, and still others agreed with the official story that General Malfoy
had fallen gravely ill and his duties required the Dark Lord's
attention. There were stories circulating that the Dark Lord was either
dead or still very ill and the man seen in public was an imposter using
Polyjuice, that the Polish mercenaries had somehow offended him or were
so incompetent that he had abandoned them, and even that he left to foil
an attempted coup d'état by Malfoy himself. There were even rumors that
Harry Potter had gone to visit Voldemort on his sick bed, the
possibility of death had been so narrowly avoided.

Whatever the reason, it was clear to Viktor that the people of France
were unhealthily obsessed with a leader of a nation not their own.
Obsessed enough that, even as a vampire standing so boldly out in the
open, customers still braved his dangerous scrutiny to purchase print
after print of the rubbish from a rather harried-looking vendor. Not to
mention the rain.

"Looking for some light reading?"

Viktor didn't even turn to acknowledge Goethe as he sidled up behind.
The rain above him suddenly ceased, and he knew his insufferable
companion carried an umbrella. He glanced up and wasn't surprised to
find it was blue with yellow duckies on it. He really hated Goethe.

"It's ridiculous, isn't it?" the other vampire continued, ignoring his
Master's silence. "These mortal curiosities? So tedious and petty.
Almost morbid."

"Are vampire concerns so much better? We are entirely selfish," Viktor
pointed out. Goethe chuckled.

"Absolutely. Vampires are only concerned with things that affect them.
But doesn't such selfishness speak of a lack of pretentiousness?"

"I fail to see how one vice exchanged for another makes us in anyway
superior."

"Even if you *feel* it does."

Viktor closed his eyes and took a breath he didn't need. Trust this
savage clown to lay open his carefully hidden vulnerabilities with a
twisted joke. He did feel superior to humans, wizarding and muggle
alike. Ever since he had been turned, he had felt a slowly descending
contempt for the mortals that surrounded him and the man that he had
been. It all seemed so stupid to him now, his life wasted following the
guidance of an old man at war with yet another old man over things that
had always been and always would be.

But it was a delusion. An innate psychology all vampires were born into.
They were convinced of their own superiority, because to kill an equal
in their need for sustenance would inevitably lead to guilt, insanity,
or sociopathy. It was a daily struggle to remind himself that he, even
as he was now more than he had been, was also less. There were things in
his life he would get to see and do and understand that his mortal self
never would have, but a terrible price had been exacted for it.

A thousand sensual and spiritual pleasures and knowledge lost. Food,
drink, and sunlight were only the most obvious, but not necessarily
enough to lure most away from immortality. Magic was lost to him as
well, a million doors now closed to him. All the various pleasures and
cruelties of aging and the curious rituals that marked the passage of
time; birthdays and Christmases and family vacations. A thousand others
things, small and sublime and now unreachable. Gone and gone, and he
didn't even have enough of his soul left to miss them.

"You did not come to ramble philosophy at me, Goethe. What do you want?"

"I came to warn you. Several of your minions have been followed
recently. I've observed it myself."

Viktor turned his attention back to the newspapers, searching for
anything in the sea of words *not* having to do with the Dark Lord.

"The Master of the City is just making himself a nuisance. Tell them to
be cautious but ignore them."

"The Master*is* making himself a nuisance, but it is not simply his
people he has sent out to follow us."

Reluctantly, he drew his attention back to the other vampire.

"They were French Aurors," Goethe clarified once he knew he had the
other's attention. "Perhaps even a Musketeer, I am not certain. It seems
you've become a threat he can't ignore and he has sought out allies
against you."

Viktor sighed. He had figured something like this would happen, but he
hadn't anticipated the Master of the City involving mortals.

"Have they found our lair?"

"I don't believe so, but there's no way to be certain."

"We will move tonight then. Tomorrow, I'll see what I can do about the
aurors."

"As you wish, Master."

Goethe turned to go, but when Viktor didn't follow he paused and looked
back. His young Master was once again looking at the newspapers, or
rather at the various witches and wizards purchasing them and their
eager, intent faces as they perused their contents. He touched his
shoulder.

"It's no longer your responsibility to save them, Viktor."

The body under his hand tensed, and Goethe wondered if he wasn't about
to be struck. It wouldn't be the first time his masters had taken their
frustration out on him, but Viktor was exceptional in his self-control.
It had become a game of his over the centuries to see how close to the
edge he could push things with his masters before stepping back. But he
never knew when he was approaching the line that was not to be crossed
with Viktor until he had already stepped over it. It made things
deliciously exciting.

His master did not strike him, however. He merely turned around and
walked past his elder minion. After a moment of curious study, Goethe
grinned and followed, abandoning his ridiculous umbrella in the gutter.

Friday morning, Harry and Ron were in the greenhouse working to tidy the
space. They had skipped dinner the night before and breakfast that
morning, the spell requiring a brief fast. Ron, who was not used to
fasting, however briefly, had not taken to it well.

"God, I'm starving," he whined for the thirtieth time in the last hour.

Harry was unsympathetic. He was also hungry, but he had learned not to
be overly distressed by the sensation.

"Less complaining, more working."

"Can't I have just a little-"

"No. You can drink sugar-water for energy and to keep hydrated, but
that's it. The sooner we get done, the sooner we can eat."

"Do we really have to clean the *entire* greenhouse before we do this?
And why are you planting those anyway? What does that have to do with
curse-breaking?"

"Ron, just SHUT UP! You fucked up your spell, and I'm fixing it. So stop
whining, asking questions, and generally pissing me off."

"How the hell am I supposed to do that? My existence pisses you off!"

"That's a question! Go over there and clean the cobwebs out of the
corners."

The petulant Slytherin grumbled but did as he was told. Harry turned
away to hide a grin. Truthfully, cleaning the greenhouse had absolutely
nothing to do with the ritual. They could have done it in a landfill
with equal effectiveness. However, Harry had seen the benefit of
squeezing some extra work out of Ron. Since no one really used the
greenhouse except Harry himself and occasionally Professor Sprout, it
had been steadily falling into neglect. Inana was becoming temperamental
about it, and Professor Sprout had insinuated responsibility in the
upkeep of the enclosure she had rather generously offered him also
belonged to him. So the greenhouse got cleaned, Harry only had to do
half the work and he got to torment Ron a little in the process. Not
exactly a Gryffindor way of handling things, but hardly unfair under the
circumstances.

They worked quietly for a few more minutes. Inana slithered by, gracing
him with a few words of approval and a 'you missed a spot', before
moving imperiously towards her freshly dusted basket where she could
oversee their progress with regal disinterest.

"So..." Ron started. Harry sighed audibly but let him continue. "How is
Hermione's betrothal thing working out? You manage to get it called off
yet?"

He paused midway through covering a young mulberry sprout with fresh
potting soil and considered if he should answer. He decided he shouldn't
discourage Ron's very few moments of unselfishness.

"We managed to get it called off, but I wouldn't call the situation
settled. Actually, it was the curse that made it possible. I exchanged
the cure for her release from the contract."

"Really?" Ron sounded rather pleased. "So it wasn't for nothing after
all."

Harry's knee-jerk response was to yell at him again, but then realized
in a twisted way the words displayed a genuine concern for Hermione.
Perhaps the Slytherin deviant didn't value her happiness as much as his
revenge, but he did value it enough for it to be considered a
consolation prize. He still had no intention of telling Ron about
Hermione's emancipation. He honestly didn't want the other boy involved,
even if it were as an ally, but more importantly he didn't want to make
the decision without Hermione's approval. He had decided that from here
on out, it would be her decisions that determined who was involved and
what was done about the emancipation and anything relating to her life
thereafter.

"I guess not."

"So... do you think it's enough to make her forgive me?"

Harry snorted.

"And reveal that you're a would-be murderer? Hardly your most attractive
feature, Weasley. Not to mention Draco would consider it a point of
honor to throw you from a tower window."

"He'd try you mean, but fine, so that won't work. So what should I do?"

"I believe I've already suggested public self-humiliation."

"..."

"Or you could just grovel. Eventually she may become annoyed enough to
forgive you just to make you stop."

"... I could probably do that."

Harry didn't comment, and continued to finish up his chore. Ron wasn't
all bad, but he certainly wasn't up to the standard of what Hermione
deserved. If his best friend wanted to forgive the idiot then that was
her business, but he hoped she had seen what everyone else had known all
along and given up on him.

"Alright," he said, changing the subject, "I think that will do it.
Let's move that table out of the way and I can start with the ward."

After that, not much more was said. Harry needed to concentrate on the
ritual, and Ron wasn't about to sabotage his own self-interests. And
really, it was interesting enough to watch that the need to ask
questions or complain all but vanished. Ron had believed his attempt at
the curse had been very impressive, and it was only the fatal error of
letting the sacrificial cat escape that had ruined the spell. Now,
watching Potter, he knew he had been completely and utterly inept from
beginning to end. Where his ritual diagram had taken nearly an hour and
still only been a close approximation to the illustration in the book,
Harry knew magical and mundane techniques to draw extremely complicated
images perfectly and in only a few minutes so that they appeared
beautiful works of art. Where Ron had followed each step exactly,
reading one instruction after another as if from a potion's book, Harry
knew the spell by heart and did not stop to reference the book even
once. In fact, he knew so much about the ritual, he was able to alter it
somewhat to better suit his intention. He knew exactly what words to
speak, in what cadence, and with perfect pronunciation.

The more Ron watched, the more like a fool he felt. How could have he
thought himself equal to this? How had Harry learned it so quickly?
Surely it wasn't something mastered in just a few short years, with
irregular study and only one inconsistent teacher? Could what he was
seeing, what impressed him so much, be the work of an apprentice, as far
from the skill and the competence of a master as his own attempts had
been from Harry's?

"Take off your shirt, Ron, and lay down in the circle, your head towards
me and your arms pointing towards the blood root."

He did as he was told, but a sense of uneasiness overcame him. He had
read the ritual a few times, and though he couldn't say he had memorized
it, he knew this wasn't part of the process.

"Er... what are you doing?" he couldn't help but ask, even as he obeyed.
The lines of chalk and charcoal that composed the ward were hot again
his skin, and the air was thickening with fragrant smoke as the herbs
smoldered in their earthen bowls. He felt himself start to sweat and
shiver at the same time.

"You know the breaking of this ritual requires another sacrifice?" Harry
explained, his face completely blank and unyielding. Ron immediately
tried to sit up, but found he couldn't. He tried to scream, but Harry's
hand covered his mouth, muffling his cries. "If you had performed the
ritual properly, the curse would be anchored in the cat you intended to
use. Once the curse had been fully executed, the cat would have died. To
break the curse early, you merely would have had to kill the cat and the
curse... it just would have gone with the cat. However, since the curse
is now anchored in *you,*that creates something of a dilemma. Stop
screaming, I'm not going to kill you. Idiot."

The familiar endearment silenced Ron.

"We'll just have to untether the curse from you. A little more
complicated, and a lot more painful for you, I'm afraid. Sorry. Don't
panic. There shouldn't be any permanent damage... at least, I don't
think so."

Harry removed his hand, and Ron gasped for air.

"Jesus, Mary, and Merlin, Potter, what are you going to *do?*"

The insane young wizard began checking his pockets, searching for
something. A minute later he seemed to have found it, and pulled out a
pendulum. The silver cone dangled from a delicate silver chain, swinging
from side to side. Ron had seen them before, even used a few in Curse
Breaking. They were used to detect strong concentrations of magical
energy.

"First? I need to find where in your body the curse is anchored. It's
probably spread because of how long it's been left unattended, but it
should still be concentrated around one chakra point in particular."

"Chakra point? What the hell is a chakra point?"

"Now is not the time for lessons in magic. Quiet please, I need to
concentrate. Trust me when I tell you, you're not going to want me to
have to do this twice."

Ron gulped but did as instructed. His shaking was becoming worse.

Harry moved up and down his body, dangling the pendulum. Ron could not
see it from his prone position but eventually Harry settled back towards
his head.

"It seems to be concentrated in the Vishuddha, the throat chakra point."

"Okay, is that good?"

"Considering I thought it would be in the Swadhisthana[^131-1], then yes, I
suppose you could call it 'good'. At least, it's a lot less awkward."

"Fuck, I have no idea what you're talking about. Just get it over with!"

"Yes," he agreed, although suddenly he looked hesitant. "Yes," he
repeated, as if to convince himself. He stood and retrieved two of the
bowls of burning herbs, snuffing out the flames by pressing the bowls
together so that their contents mixed and quickly smothered each other.
Ron watched as he poured the herbs into a mortar resting on the table
they had moved, and then crushed the remaining brittle timbers into ash
with a pestle. He returned to him, sticking his thumb into the ashes and
rubbing them over Ron's throat. There was a strange tingling sensation,
and he began to shake so harshly it seemed as if he were having
convulsions.

"Merlin, Potter, hurry up."

He didn't know how much more of this he could take.

He regretted his haste, however, when the next item Harry pulled out the
knife. A long, slender blade he had seen Harry use once before. A
sacrificial blade.

"W-what are you go-going to do with th-that?"

He received no reply. Harry wasn't listening anymore. He had begun
chanting softly, in a language that seemed almost familiar and yet not.
Whatever it was, it wasn't Latin. Ron didn't know how long it all
lasted, but he could feel something happening around him. The ward was
scorching against his skull, and the tingling in his throat had spread.
Words, even screams, suddenly became impossible as his trembling turned
into true seizures and he lost control of his body. Harry left for a
moment, only to return with a stick to place between his teeth so Ron
didn't bite off his own tongue, but then continued chanting.

By now, even Harry was starting to tremble and sweat and the fear Ron
had been feeling was becoming a full blown terror. What was happening?
Was it going right or wrong? What was he going to do? He'd been promised
pain.

Harry's left hand went to his throat and holding it firmly, he leveled
the blade directly above his spread fingers. Oh, God, he was going to
stab him in the neck!

He had barely a moment to contemplate his own bloody, meaningless death
when the blade suddenly slid home.

There was an instant feeling of pain, but it was not the pain of being
stabbed. It was as if his skin had suddenly dried out and *shrank*
around him, crushing his insides until they threaten to tear him open
from the inside and push themselves out. It lasted for only seconds,
although it could have been *hours* for all Ron would have known, and
then it all changed and he felt as if someone had thrown ice water over
him. The shock alone sent him into unconsciousness.

When he woke next, he was still in the greenhouse, although he had been
laid out on a table and his school robe draped over him for warmth.
There was a sense of disorientation, and yet he could tell something was
different. Something important. He took a deep breath and realized what
it was.

He felt *clean*. Not well, as he was exhausted and sore and his eyes
stung, but still somehow better than he had been in months. The burning
sage had nothing on this. He took another deep breath, savored it, and
let it go.

The curse was broken.

He opened his eyes and flinched against the sunlight streaming down from
above, then closing them again. He opted instead to listen, and once he
tried he could make out voices. One of them was Harry and other was...
Snape.

Shit.

"So it's over?" the headmaster was asking. "General Malfoy will
recover?"

"Yes, he should be fine," Harry said, his voice hoarse and laced with
exhaustion. "It may take a while for the lei lines around him to return
to normal. I should probably run a few tests during the holiday break to
make sure they're progressing as they should, but he shouldn't be in
danger of dying anymore. The worst of his symptoms should be gone by
tonight."

"Hhmmm... I will bring him a tonic. It would be best if he didn't
question the method behind your curse-breaking too closely."

"What if he tests the potion and finds out it's bogus?"

"I will simply instruct him to drink it immediately, as the active
ingredients become inert after a short period of time. He will not have
the time to summon someone and test its contents. Nor would he risk
insulting me by doing so in my presence."

There was a long silence after that. One Ron had no intention of
breaking. He rather hoped Snape would leave now rather than force an
awkward confrontation between them.

"Do you need medical assistance?" the headmaster asked after a moment.

"No, I'm okay. Ron too. Just tired. If you could have one of the house
elves bring us something to eat and a pepper-up potion, we should be
fine."

"I doubt pepper-up is going to cut it in this case, Mr. Potter."

"No, but it'll be enough to get us to our dormitories, through a quick
shower, and into bed, I think. We need rest more than anything."

"Very well, I will see you are not disturbed."

"Thank you, sir." There was silence, and then Harry spoke again. "You
can open your eyes now. He's gone."

Ron did so, turning his head towards the other boy. He looked almost as
bad as Ron felt. Pale, sweaty, and wilted. Ron tried to sit up, but
quickly found it took too much effort and caused too much pain to do so.
How was he supposed to get back to his dorm like this?

"You stabbed me in the neck," he said.

"You're welcome."

"*In the neck!* What the fuck, Potter?"

Despite his exhaustion, Harry actually laughed a little at that.

"Have you always been such a crybaby?"

Ron laughed too, although it wasn't really that funny, but once they had
started neither of them could stop. It was over. Finally, it was over.

Tom pored over file after file, leaning comfortably against Lucius
Malfoy's chair. With the general 'indispose', he had taken over many of
the man's responsibilities (not that he hadn't been doing his job for
him long before now) and he didn't think it inappropriate to borrow the
man's work station too. Currently, he was sorting through a personnel
shortage in managing a small but troublesome wizarding village twenty
miles south of Hanover. It seemed rebels had managed to kill the
Culties' captain and his lieutenants, leaving the ranks in chaos and the
threat of losing control of the village a palpable threat. He would need
to find replacements from elsewhere in the ranks, people with talent and
the necessary ruthlessness to quash the persistent insurrection. And
that was only item \#116 he had to deal with today.

He sighed, but it was not a sound of displeasure. Indeed, he was rather
enjoying himself. While this was all a bit more bureaucratic of a method
of controlling life and death, it nevertheless held its own sort of
charm. From this office, and with only pen and paper, he could alter the
course of thousands of lives. If he so chose, he could order an entire
legion to its death or burn an entire city to the ground.

Not that he would. That would be wasteful. But it was nice to know he
could if he really wanted to. There were other benefits as well. Without
the general occupying the office, he now had full access to scores of
files hitherto inaccessible and was making full use of the opportunity.

Sitting on the corner of his desk was a small mountain of dossiers of
enemies and potential allies. Lucius, it seemed, had adhered to the
philosophy of 'know your enemy' and then promptly assumed that included
everyone in existence, living and dead, and it was proving very
convenient for Tom. Lord Voldemort, Severus Snape, Seamus Morgan, Albus
Dumbledore... their lives, their ambitions, failures and vulnerabilities
laid out in neatly typed black and white. And Harry Potter's too,
although his file was disappointingly incomplete, even more so than Lord
Voldemort's spotty record.

Well, it was better he learned about the boy first hand than from
Lucius' ignorant and biased little spies anyway.

As he started narrowing down the list of applicants to replace the
deceased captain, a disturbance started outside his door. The
receptionist was protesting loudly, and there sounded like a scuffle.
Tom quickly banished the files he took personal interest in from the
desk. He doubted he would have enough time to clear off everything and
move back to his own work space, but using his superior officer's desk
was merely an impertinent indulgence where as looking through files he
had no business with could easily be viewed as treason.

He half expected Lucius to come storming through the door in one of his
mad rampages, possibly drunk and insensible. That was impossible, of
course. His poisonings, on top of Voldemort's curses, should have
ensured Lucius never left his sick bed alive. What he got, however, was
a tall, skinny gentleman with straw-colored hair and eyes simultaneously
playful and cruel.

"Lord Crouch," Tom greeted cautiously, scanning the room quickly to make
sure he had not left out anything valuable that could be filched.
Bartemius Crouch was head of the Court of Foreign Intelligence
Department. Despite its name, the CoFID spent most of its time and
resources gathering information on domestic threats rather than foreign
ones, and Crouch wasn't above getting his hands dirty to do so. Malfoy
and he had been playing games of intelligence and counter-intelligence,
sabotage, and one-upmanship against each other for years.

His presence here, in the heart of his rival's stronghold, did not bode
well. He must have sensed blood in the water.

"Lt. Stratus. No need to get up on my account, Old Boy," the wizard said
pleasantly. "You looked so comfortable sitting there."

"Is there something I can do for you, sir?" he asked. He did not sit
down, despite Crouch quickly making himself comfortable in a guest chair
across from him. "I am afraid General Malfoy is on sick leave, and I
don't know when he will be back."

"I imagine he'll be back in the next thirty minutes or so," he replied
pleasantly, practically grinning, in fact. Tom stiffened. What did he
mean by that?

"Then by all means, you are welcome to wait for him. I can have the
receptionist fetch you some tea if you like," he offered and very
carefully began to clean off his desk. Perhaps Crouch was teasing him,
but he would rather be safe than sorry.

Crouch chuckled, a grating, high-pitched sound. "That's very considerate
of you, but your receptionist is enjoying some fresh air and I did not
come here to speak with Lucius. You see, I just spoke with him a few
minutes ago."

Tom frowned. How was that possible? Had Lucius somehow discovered his
condition and counteracted it? No, that was impossible. He had been
subtle, and even if he hadn't had time to dose the general recently, he
had already been declining rapidly. He shouldn't have needed to do
anything further. Not unless Voldemort had noticed and chosen to
interfere, which seemed unlikely given recent events.

"Does that disturb you for some reason?" Crouch asked innocently. Tom
looked at him cautiously, keeping his mind carefully shielded. He was
clearly up to something.

"Of course I am disturbed. General Malfoy should be recovering at home.
He was still very ill last time I saw him," he said shortly, intending
his annoyance to be taken for genuine concern.

Crouch's grin grew even wider and he gave him a little applause.

"Encore, encore! A masterful performance. You could have had a career in
theatre... or the CoFID for that matter. Although, if you had tried to
kill *me* I would have had you skinned alive and drowned in lemon
juice."

"E-excuse me?"

This was not good. Of all the possible people to discover the truth,
Bartemius Crouch was the one he least wanted to know, just after Lord
Voldemort and Lucius Malfoy himself of course. But no, it was too early
to be sure. He might just suspect it, and was trying to trick him into a
confession. It was a common enough trick.

"Now, now, no need to be coy. I can hardly blame you for wanting the man
dead. He must be an absolute bear to work for."

"I am afraid I have no idea what you are referring to, and I resent the
insinuation. Please leave."

"You know, I can *almost*see how he would have overlooked you. You're
very convincing. Very earnest. But you know what your mistake was? You
didn't *let* him suspect you. Not even a little. I mean, he knew he was
sick. He saw plenty of doctors. He knew he was being poisoned. He
dismissed half a dozen receptionists and accused everyone from the lunch
lady to the Dark Lord for having a hand in it. But *not* *you.* Why was
that? I mean, you had access and opportunity. He barely knows you, why
so much trust?"

So he didn't have evidence. It was just the deductive reasoning of a
sharp and twisted mind. That, and a legion of spies to feed his
paranoia.

"I believe the thing missing would be motive, sir. And to my knowledge,
General Malfoy has been under a lot of stress, but I would hardly call
that the equivalent of poisoning. If you know something to the contrary
you are obligated to report what you know immediately."

"Yes, yes. Very good. Don't worry; I have no intention of telling Lucius
your little secret. Kill the bastard if you have your little black heart
set on it. No one will be sorry to see the pompous ass go, but I would
consider it a personal favor if you would make certain considerations
before sending him to his untimely demise."

Tom took a deep breath, adopting an attitude of long suffering.

"I am not poisoning General Malfoy and he is not going to die. Retire
maybe, but not die."

"Ah, so that is your objective? That's... rather disappointing to be
honest, but no matter. In the next few minutes, General Malfoy is going
to walk in here and make you an offer. An offer I would be most
appreciative if you accepted."

"And what offer is that?" he asked disinterestedly. In truth, he was
starting to become intrigued. He was going to have to kill Crouch
regardless of what he said or did after this point, but it was not
something he could do here and now. No doubt Crouch had told *someone*
of his hypothesis in case something should happen to him. It might prove
worthwhile to humor him for the time being.

"He's going to ask you to marry his foster daughter, Hermione Granger of
Malfoy. You know, the mudblood."

Tom's eyes widened. He didn't even have to fake his surprise.

"I don't... I am sorry, but... isn't she *your* fiancé?"

"Not anymore, thank Merlin. Like I said, Lucius came to speak to me just
a short while ago. He's called off the engagement. Wouldn't give a
reason, but he hasn't given up on the idea of marriage for her. He
seemed to think you were somehow the more appropriate choice. I was
almost offended."

"... I am sorry, but you must be mistaken. You seem to be mistaken about
a lot today, in fact. I've never even been introduced to Miss Granger,
and I've expressed no interest to the General in seeking out a bride
this early in my career."

"My good man, don't sell yourself short. You come from a long, somewhat
spotted pureblood line. Respectable, if not necessarily wealthy or
ambitious. You're a rising star in the Culties but you can only go so
far on such limited income and influence. Allying yourself with the
Malfoys could certainly prove beneficial to you. Lucius might not care
for the girl, but his wife and heir are quite fond of her, and then of
course there is her friendship with Ambassador Potter. If you can
stomach to marry the witch and keep her reasonably satisfied, you could
find yourself in a very enviable position indeed."

"And of course, you'd be most appreciative."

"You catch on quickly. Very impressive for a Hufflepuff."

"And what do you get out of this?"

"The satisfaction of knowing I helped talent find its way into the
world."

"You have wasted enough of my time as it is, sir, please do not waste
anymore."

He just grinned.

"I'm afraid we haven't the time to discuss that now. Lucius will arrive
at any moment and it's best he not see us together. He might get the
wrong impression."

*Or the right one, which is likely worse*, Tom mused.

"We will talk again soon. After you've seen I have been honest with you.
The Malfoy Christmas party perhaps?"

Tom acknowledged he would be there with a nod, but didn't agree to speak
with him. He would have to see how much of what Crouch said was true and
how much a ruse to reveal his guilt before he would consider indulging
him any further. While it was perfectly possible that Crouch would let
him kill Lucius to further his own ambitions, it was equally possible
would attempt to extract a life debt from the general by saving him from
his would-be murderer. Even if Crouch knew for certain Stratus was
guilty and still intended to let him get away with it, it would be for a
price. Extortion in the form of money, knowledge from within the
Culties, or any number of distasteful errands. Perhaps all of these
things.

Without demonstrating any proof of the master spy's suspicions, however,
Tom suspected he was relatively safe for the time being.

"It's been a delight speaking with you, Lieutenant. We should really do
it more often. You have a nice afternoon," Crouch said pleasantly,
making his way towards the door. Tom walked him there, opening the door
for him politely.

"Likewise," he said blandly. "Good day."

He barely gave the obnoxious man time enough to cross the threshold
before he slammed the door behind him. He smirked. Despite not caring
much for surprises, he had to admit that was *interesting*. Not
interesting enough for him not to kill Crouch, but interesting enough to
see how it would play out.

For the next couple of minutes, he spent his time moving files back to
his work station and settling Malfoy's desk back into order. He had just
finished putting the borrowed dossiers back into their filing cabinet
when the general came striding into the office.

"Where is that blasted receptionist, Stratus? Anyone could have walked
in here," he demanded.

"Cigarette break, sir," he offered and put on a face of surprised
pleasure. "It is good to see you back, General. I had not expected you
to recover so quickly."

This last part was entirely true, but he certainly wasn't entirely
pleased. The general still looked pale and wane, but his eyes were sharp
and clear, blazing with a fierce energy he had exhibited before he had
been subjected to dark magic. It seemed somehow and in some way, Malfoy
had broken its hold on him. He would have to tread very carefully around
the man from now on.

"I am not here for long, Stratus," the man said, ignoring his
pleasantries. "I have not been cleared for active duty yet, but there is
something of a more... private nature I need to discuss with you."

Tom blinked, feigning yet more surprise.

It would seem Bartemius Crouch had been honest about one thing at least.

Dumbledore remained silent as witches and wizards moved about, dishing
out reports, theories, accusations, predictions, and rumors in a
tumultuous chaos that these 'tactical meetings' had gradually spiraled
into over the last month or so. The terse, military discipline and
ambiguous jargon had given way to civilian passions and colloquialisms
just as their military ranks had given way to the rough and rowdy
civilian militias that had quickly become the major fighting forces
across Germany.

Aurors, stretched too thin and pushed too far during the beginnings of
the invasion, were dwindling now. Many were dead, but most abandoned
their rank and its suicidally strict adherence to following orders and
either disappeared completely or left to form the innumerable guerrilla
factions scattered throughout Germany. Now the majority of the nation's
defense depended upon civilian volunteers. Uncoordinated, undisciplined,
and often fighting with different end goals in mind, they were not as
strong as was needed, but unlike their previous national defenders, they
were not nearly as easily routed either.

Aurors were easy to spot. They were *registered* for Merlin's sake, and
since the invasion of Berlin their names and faces had been plastered
across wanted posters and printed in military hit lists. Their tactics
were known, predictable, and limited. Civilian rebels were harder to
distinguish from the subdued civilians, and in fact these roles were
often reversed in a single witch or wizard several times, sometimes
multiple times a day. They spent their days running businesses, raising
children, and going to school and their nights raiding enemy supply
warehouses and ambushing patrols.

Dumbledore had done his best to bring the more productive of these rebel
factions into these meetings, hoping to create a more unified defense
against the enemy. They were nowhere near where they needed to be, but
gradually leaders had begun to emerge with the will and ambition to see
the war out to its conclusion and face the consequences, whatever they
might be. His own role in these planning sessions had evolved from
ringmaster to mediator and coordinator, ensuring cool heads prevailed
where tempers were short and the pressure was high, but even here his
interference was becoming less and less necessary.

"The Snake Bastard is gone for now, but he'll be back!" a witch snarled.
Her name was Stottenger, he recalled. She had been an auror-in-training
before the war broke out and her mentor was killed in action. "There's
uncertainty in the British ranks and the Poles are still angry for the
lack of explanation. We need to make some progress *now* before he can
return to rally his forces again. Look how much damaged he did in the
few weeks he was here! And he wasn't even leading his own people! Just a
bunch of stupid gypsies!"

"What do you want us to do, then?" another witched named Mencken asked
sharply, her matronly features pinched and haughty. She had been a
teacher at a finishing school of all places. Sometimes it showed at the
most inopportune moments. "*Where* would you have us strike? We've got a
line going from one end of the country to the other. Supposing we could
gather the necessary numbers for a major offensive, we would essentially
have to abandon the defense of the line and then what? They would simply
push through where we're most weakened."

A burly, red-faced wizard interjected.

"We cannot stay as we are. The longer that line you speak of holds, the
stronger the enemy defenses become and the harder it will be to oust
them. Let them push the line! Stretch them as thin as we can, and then
go back and tear them apart. Push them even further back than from where
they progressed!"

"And let them raze every village and slaughter every muggleborn and
halfblood they find in the meantime?" Mencken practically screeched in
indignation.

Albus refrained from pointing out that there had been relatively little
village burning (with a few notable exceptions) and little evidence that
the Culties were targeting muggleborns and halfbloods. At least, they
were not systematically butchering them as many assumed. It was true
that this particular group had suffered the most during the invasion,
but he suspected it had far more to do with their unfortunate tendency
to live along the borders dividing wizarding and muggle parts of cities
and towns, the first place the Culties set up their defenses to keep
their battles and their enemies sequestered within. That, and their
eagerness to escape occupied territories and to seek sanctuary within
the homes of muggle relatives and friends often put them directly in the
line of fire in their desperation to flee. It seemed an insignificant
detail. He doubted the victims cared about the particulars behind their
murders.

"Ladies and gentlemen, please settle down," he finally interjected
before things got out of hand. While there was not nearly as much
hex-tossing as there had been a few months ago, he still had to keep on
his toes. There was some grumbling, but the witches and wizards settled
back to listen to him. He had lost some traction with the military for
his inability to miraculously turn the tide of the war, but he
maintained a modicum of respect for rallying Germany's defenses when the
Dark Lord and his Culties had seemed unstoppable in their relentless
march across the country. "We all want to take advantage of this brief
turn of fortune. It cannot last for long. Already, the Dark Lord has
returned to the public eye, and whatever drew him away in the first
place seems to have passed."

He was not the only one deeply intrigued with the possible reasons
behind said disappearance.

"Your plans and observations each have merit. Your eagerness and your
caution respectively do you all credit. Every action we take leaves us
in some way vulnerable, and yet we cannot avoid taking action without
losing something in the process. We are faced with terrible questions.
What are we willing to sacrifice for victory? And how great of a victory
must we attain for that sacrifice to be worth the cost?"

"Enough with your sentiment, Dumbledore," the wizard said impatiently.
"If you have an idea about what to do, just say it already."

Rather than get defensive, the elder wizard merely nodded and gesture to
a guard at the door, who moved to open it.

"If you will pardon my presumption, I've taken the liberty of inviting a
guest. Someone who has firsthand understanding of what I intend."

There were murmurs of confusions, which soon fell into a stunned silence
as his 'guest' limped through the door, leaning heavily on a cane. He
was uniformed, this in and of itself an oddity since they had all
foregone the use of such things from nearly the beginning, but more
significantly was that it was readily recognizable as Italian. The
wizard himself, a middle-aged man, bore a proud and regal posture
despite his heavy limp and monstrous scar running the entire left side
of his body and face. The scar had clearly been left as the result of a
curse, and not one of the garden-variety hexes either but something
truly diabolical. It was a cluster of hideous, red varicose veins that
seemed to pulse in time to an unheard heartbeat and the longer one
looked at it the more one got the impression that it was somehow
growing. Mencken turned away with a shudder.

"This is Captain Mandrani. I am sure you are all familiar with the
name."

The silence suddenly burst into cries of excitement, confusion, and
outrage. The Italian captain had stopped just short of the entrance and
stood patiently and without expression at the chaos his presence had
created. It was not unexpected. His name had become infamous, as had his
spectacular failure in losing not only the Battle of Hogwarts but then
London shortly after. Italy had retreated almost completely from the war
because of it, ashamed for having their righteousness proven little more
than foolish arrogance. Captain Mandrani had not been welcomed back to
his homeland, and truthfully he had no intention of hiding behind his
country's borders while they built up their defenses in order to lock
themselves into cages they built for themselves. He had made a mistake,
some sort of wrongful assumption, and God had punished him for his
arrogance.

But He had not killed him.

All his men, his soldiers, had been taken to the Kingdom, for despite
their misunderstanding, they were true children of God. Of this, he had
no doubt. Mandrani had been left behind, the sole survivor, and he knew
there had to be a reason for this.

In the months it had taken him to recover... as much as he would ever
recover, he had wondered what that reason was. Why he had been both
punished and spared. He had prayed on it endlessly. He had written
trusted colleagues and teachers, but none could offer him an explanation
worth entertaining. It had not been until Dumbledore, a man he had been
taught to regard as an only slightly lesser evil than the Dark Lord
himself, had visited his hospital room and given his own theory that he
had been able to see any sort of purpose to the continuation of his
scarred and painful existence.

"Please allow me to explain." Dumbledore's voice broke through the
ruckus, although he made no effort to raise his voice. The gathered
witches and wizards settled back again, reluctantly, distrustfully.
Italy had turned his back on Germany even as it had waged its war
against Britain, and it was not a slight easily forgiven or forgotten.
"Captain Mandrani is here upon my request. We have been in contact over
the last several weeks and spoken extensively of his campaign in London
and at Hogwarts. Despite having been forced out from London, it cannot
be ignored that he and his people managed to take control and maintain
their hold on the city for nearly three months. Something none of us
here have had the ability to do ourselves."

All settled back to listen. It was true. They were all so focused on
ousting their enemies from their homeland, they had never attempted to
use the same tactics against them. They had neither the resources nor
the manpower to sustain such an effort. It was baffling to them how
Britain, with its smaller population and fewer resources, had been so
successful in doing so thus far.

Once Dumbledore was certain he had everyone's attention, he gestured for
Mandrani to speak.

"London was meaningless," Mandrani stated plainly, startling his
audience. "It was a meatless bone thrown to distract the wolves. We
razed the city to the ground and the Dark Lord didn't even blink. He
knew it was a target from the beginning and had already been prepared to
sacrifice it. He had emptied the city of its treasures and dispersed the
government across the country... no, even before then it had ceased to
be the true capital."

There were was considerable skepticism in several faces at this, but
others didn't seem so certain.

"To be blunt, there is no long-term advantage of occupying any city in
Britain. Its infrastructure is too dispersed, its resources too evenly
distributed, and the population... unpredictable, to speak nothing of
the proximity of the Dark Lord himself. Even the military headquarters
in Bristol can be sacrificed if necessary, although the price would make
it a Stygian victory at best. There is, in fact, only one target in all
of Britain that might give the Dark Lord and his people pause."

"You're speaking of Hogwarts," Mencken said evenly. "A target you
*failed* to secure."

"And the only target that truly motivated the Dark Lord to drive us out
of Britain once and for all."

Silence reigned for several minutes with the announcement of this
singularly simple yet profound statement.

Author's notes:

​1. The Swadhisthana is 'the Sacral Chakra' point, which is located
around the genitals. Harry thought this is where the curse would be
concentrated because it is generally thought to be the area that
governs, among various other things, violence.
