# The Forbidden Land III

"This isn't your fault," Hermione insisted, glaring across the infirmary
at Viktor. Madam Pomfrey and the medi-wizard were supervising Diggory's
move from Hogwarts to Hogsmeade, where he could be flooed to St.
Mungo's, and she had snuck into the infirmary to talk to the Durmstang
champion for a while before she had to go to class. It wasn't turning
out how she had hoped. He was in a rare, petulant mood and as much as
she could sympathize with his frustration, she wasn't going to endorse
it. It was *her* friend out there, after all. She had more to lose than
pride.

"He's *dere*, so I could be *here*," he pointed out, "And he might be
dead..."

"Don't be ridiculous," she snapped. "I know him a lot better than you,
and he's come out of a lot worse situations than this. He's... designed
for adversity."

He turned to her, but she was turned away now, staring out the foggy
windows at the forest. The snow had finally stopped, and the gray
stretch of trees was clearly visible under the rising sun. If one looked
close enough, they could make out the various paths to and from that
barren wasteland of trees that had been made in the night. Hermione
tried to guess which ones were Harry's, and most of the paths she
decided on ran all over the place from the lake to the fields to the
castle to the forest. She could make out Cedric's too, the very faintest
hint of red shining through the snow. Viktor's wasn't as clear, but she
could tell where the centaur must have been carrying him towards the
Sleuw's. Even now a handful of Sentinels could be seen walking along the
perimeter of the barrier, looking through the snow for evidence.

Last night must have truly been horrible, and she didn't know what news
the day would bring. Harry had always survived, but not always
unscathed. His luck was too patchy for her comfort.

"Cedric said somezing like dat. Dat doing da impossible is just vat he
does. Vhy is dat?" he said, his voice challenging.

She looked back at him, her expression impatient.

"I don't know."

He snorted. "Don't know? Or von't say?"

"What is that suppose to mean?"

"Ever since I came here, dere are all dese vild stories about him and
dis feeling dat he's important, but no one really *knows* anyzing. Vhy
is he Voldemort's student? How does he get into all dis trouble? And
last night... dere vas somezing vong vith him."

"Viktor, you had a concussion and weren't thinking-"

"*No!* I know vat I saw. He vas mad. His eyes vere strange. He shouldn't
have even been dere! How did he get Diggory's badge? Vhy?"

"To save your ungrateful self!" she snapped at him, and turned to leave.
"I'm not discussing this with you, now. Harry is my friend and I'm not
going to talk about him behind his back. If you want answers you'll have
to wait till he gets back to ask him yourself."

"Vait!"

She turned back and glared at him. "I know you're frustrated with being
stuck waiting here while Harry goes off to save the world. Welcome to
the club! Meetings are Tuesdays and Fridays. See you there!"

She stormed out, slamming the door behind her, leaving him feeling
stupid and even more frustrated. And more than a little like a jerk. She
was right. He was being ungrateful and paranoid, but... it was *weird*.
In more ways than one last night had been strange, dream-like even. He
needed reasons. Logic, motivations, explanations, even if it was just
his mind playing tricks on him. There was nothing to be satisfied with
this 'because that's just how it is' attitude everyone here had adopted.

Was Harry good? Wicked? Mad? Mentally ill? If he was, why was everyone
covering for him? Why such loyalty and respect? Did it have anything to
do with the Dark Lord? What did that mean for the future, when war
finally erupted between their countries? Did it mean anything at all in
the scheme of things?

He wanted to ask Dumbledore all these things, but even more he wanted to
ask Harry himself. To go into that forest and drag him out, sit him
down, and demand his answers.

Therein lay the problem, of course. He couldn't *do* anything. He
couldn't go into the forest without his badge, he couldn't have dragged
Harry out even if he did, and it was sort of stupid to demand answers
with an impenetrable barrier between them. He couldn't even *thank* him
properly like this.

And wasn't that stupid?

Wanting to interrogate him and thank him at the same time. God, he
needed to get out of this castle.

---

"'Arry... 'Arry..."

Harry blinked sleepily, squinting up at the blurry *thing* above him.
The smell of lavender and lilacs drifted into his awareness.

"Fleur?"

"Shhh... 'ere, Professor Snape zed you might need zese," she whispered,
replacing his glasses with another pair. His vision cleared, and he
could see her amused expression and her very bad case of bed head. He
looked around, and found things as he feared. So it hadn't been a dream,
but when had Fleur gotten there? He found a sleeping palate beside him,
and felt heat bloom in his ears as he realized she had been sleeping so
close, and that if he had rolled over he would have been on top of her.

"Come on, you must 'urry if you want to zee zem," she urged quietly,
tugging him to his feet. He followed obediently, trying to be as quiet
as she seemed intent on being. He eased his way around their fire, now
merely a stubbornly glowing smolder of ash, over their satchels and
Fleur's broom, and to the entrance of the cave.

"Shhh," she reiterated, holding up her finger. "You look on zat side, I
will look 'ere."

His first thought was that Firenze had come back with the champion's
badge to lead him out, and Fleur intended to attack him not realizing he
wasn't really their enemy. Looking outside, however, showed no Firenze,
or really anything at all but a lot of white.

"I don't see..."

"*Sshhh! Zere, zere!*" she insisted, pointing towards his right. He
looked again, and saw nothi-

"Oh..." he gasped.

It was difficult to see them clearly against the snow, but as they moved
their silhouettes passed over the gray lines of trees like white
shadows. Harry had seen a unicorn only once before, when Hagrid had
shown him one at the medical bestiary. That creature had been
magnificent as it was, but out here in their element they took his
breath away.

There was an entire herd, over a dozen, frolicking about like puppies.
They didn't sink into the snow like logic demanded, but lingered on top
of it, until they decided to roll into it or throw down one of their
playmates. Only the stallion, slender and elegant as the rest but nearly
twice as large, remained stoic and alert to their surroundings amidst
the youthful play. It only took a minute or so for him realize they were
there, and his large blue eyes fell on them. There was no cry of alarm,
just a shake of his slender head and an annoyed snort. The rest of the
herd cease their play and stood, turning to look at what had their
leader's attention.

Harry couldn't breath with so many of them focused on him. He sensed
their magic, the pureness of it, so steeped in the most loving aspect of
the Earth's power. Their presence here was a gift from her,
spontaneously given.

The leader broke into a sprint and disappeared, his herd following him
deeper into the forest.

And just as spontaneously taken away.

He let out a sigh, able to breath once again. He turned to Fleur, and
felt his breath catch again. The light that slipped through the opening
shone down on her, making her appear to glow. Or had it been the sight
of the unicorns? As beautiful as she was, he had never seen her as
lovely now with that expression of loving, adoration and longing as she
watched them disappear.

He quickly looked away, and hoped she hadn't noticed him ogling her.

"Ahem... Ah... when did you get here?" he started, turning back into the
cave, where it was warmer. It was also darker so she would be less
likely to notice him blushing, as he pretended to prod the fire back to
life with another twig.

"Last night... early morning? You zlept right through my arrival, so I
let you be. Zer wasn't anyzing to do until it was bright enough."

"Like now?"

"In a bit. Breakfast first, and zome anzers if you please."

He flinched at the thought. What to say? He couldn't give her reasons he
didn't know himself. It was like being drunk (he had just little
experience with that thanks to Snape), without the benefit of memory
loss. He remembered everything he'd done and said and felt, but as far
as his thoughts were concerned he was as clueless as everyone else.

She didn't push right away, but let him build up the fire and collect
his thoughts, and even left him to cook after she had presented him with
eggs, bacon, and a skillet from her bag courtesy of some very thoughtful
house elves.

But once they were settle to eat, she started in on him.

"Zo... 'ow did you get Cedric's badge?"

He kept his eyes very carefully trained on his eggs, just in case they
rose up to kill him, you know.

"I saw you both after the attack and followed you to the infirmary. You
ran right by me. After I found out what happened, I waited till everyone
was distracted and took it."

"'Ow did you find out? Not even the medi-wizard knew what 'ad 'appened."

He thought thought the bacon was starting to look particularly mutinous,
and bit it in half before it would instigate a rebellion. He chewed it
slowly to make a point to the rest of breakfast. It wasn't a stall
tactic, despite what anyone else might have thought.

"Cedric told me."

"Cedric was 'ardly conscious."

"Cedric told me," he reiterated, but didn't elaborate on. "I went to
find Viktor. I promised Cedric I would look after him."

Which was true, even if it wasn't the motivation for his misadventure,
it certainly sounded better than 'it seemed like a good idea at the
time'.

"How is he?"

She sighed. "Aggravated, I imagine. I know you like to zave people, but
being zaved iz 'ard on one's pride. Ezpecially when you are rescued by a
little boy, no matter 'ow cute."

He ducked his head in embarrassment.

"And 'ow did you manage to convince zem to let Viktor go?"

"They weren't bad people... at least Firenze wasn't and maybe Ulaither
was just pushed too far, but they were stuck in the barrier for days,
maybe weeks. They were starving and desperate. All they wanted was to go
home, so when I offered to take them out of the barrier they didn't put
up a fight. Not until Ulaither finally snapped, anyway. Firenze tried to
stop him, but he ran away with the badge and I got stuck."

"Hhmm..." she said, and looked at him thoughtfully. He ate his breakfast
slowly, hoping she'd get bored of studying him before he finished eating
and ran out of excuses to look at her directly. "I'm sure zere iz more
to zis, but I will let it go for now. Ze important thing iz to get you
out of 'ere as zoon as pozible."

"Do you have a plan?"

"Do I look like a boy? Of course I 'ave a plan. We are going to find a
keystone zat supports ze barrier and destroy it. The barrier will come
down, and zen you will be able to leave. Very zimple."

That did indeed sound very simple, so he knew there had to be a catch.

"And you know where the keystones are?"

She lifted a regal brow. "Yes. I 'ave a map."

"How easy will it be destroy these keystones?"

"Very. Zey are eggs."

"Eggs?"

"Ze dragon's eggs. Zey are using ze eggs to channel ze dragon's own
magic to make ze barrier. Very clever."

He thought about that, trying to imagine how such a design worked, but
had only the barest notion. He didn't like the idea of destroying an egg
though. They were already going to kill the mother, why kill her
offspring as well? Hagrid would have happily raised them in her place.

"Is there any we can destroy the barrier without harming an egg? Like
move it somewhere to disrupt the magical flow? Break the magical
connection somehow?"

She looked at him curiously for a moment, and then smiled indulgently.

"Do not worry, we will not be killing any babies. 'Alf ze eggs are
infertile and don't even 'ave a fetus. Just yoke. Ze baby dragons eat
zem when zey are born. Ze map shows which is which."

He sighed in relief and nodded to her. "It's a good plan. I'll get
ready."

"Good, good. Roll up ze zeeping mats while you are at it, will you? I
don't intend to come back 'ere."

"Why not? It'd be a better place to take a break than at the castle. You
know, while you're hunting the dragon?"

She gave him sly smile. "Ah, but ze map, you zee, it does not only show
ze eggs. It show ze dragon too. No more 'unting for me."

He gaped at her. Surely, this challenge was null at this point? What
with the centaur attack, Cedric at death's door, and yes, his own
reckless interference. She laughed at his expression.

"I might not get full points, but I will definitely get enough to close
ze point gap with ze ozers."

He shook his head. She was weird, or maybe just French, but either way
there was no reason to tell her exactly how twisted that sounded. As
long as she didn't break into maniacal laughter he thought he might
still be safe.

"Well, congratulations, I guess. Lets hope that the third challenge
isn't canceled, what with Cedric unable to compete and all."

She frowned, not liking the thought at all. They had gone through a lot
in this tournament, and as much as she hated it she wanted to see it
through to the end. She didn't believe in leaving things half done. She
didn't believe that other's should either.

"Let us 'ope 'e recovers quickly."

---

"He hasn't shown up yet. I checked the tower and the infirmary, but no
one's seen him. Delacour hasn't shown up either."

"They moved Diggory to St. Mungo's this morning. He was under a stasis
spell. It must have been really bad."

"There are Sentinels at the barrier, but none went inside. I don't think
they can take it down themselves or it's going to take a while."

McGunny nodded at the three reporters. They had been sent to gather
information, along with several others, and were the first to return.
They didn't have much information, but they practically confirmed his
suspicions. Something very bad had happened in the forest, and Diggory
had almost died. Potter had somehow gotten Diggory's badge and gone into
the Forbidden Forest, and possibly saved Viktor or at least helped in
his escape. Delacour had gone after Harry. Neither had come back yet.
The hows, whats, and whys of the situation weren't as clear to him.

"Well done. Let's get to the Great Hall. They'll have to make
announcement soon and that's as likely a place as any."

They nodded, and moved out like faithful soldiers to follow his orders.
He felt a dark satisfaction in their obedience, accompanied by a sharp
pain behind his eyes. He grimaced and had to stop.

"Are you alright, McGunny?" Delby, his sports writer, asked. He managed
a grim smile for him and the others who had turned to see what was the
matter.

"Headache. I was up all night, and I'm feeling it now. I'll be fine
after I've had some tea."

That was a true and misleading statement. He had been up all night and
he did have a headache, but he had been having headaches off and on for
over a month and tea wasn't going to help them. He thought it might be
stress, but that wasn't something he was going to reveal to his staff.
They had to believe in his strength, and admitting that his role took a
toll would hurt more than just him.

They continued on to the Great Hall, and split off to their respective
seats. The Hall began to fill. The owls dropped off their usual
deliveries of newspapers and letters. He ate a bagel distractedly as he
scanned his edition of Wizards Weekly, but there was nothing in
reference to what had happened at Hogwarts. He looked over at the
Gryffindor's table periodically, but Harry's spot remained noticeably
vacant. The Champion's absences were glaringly obvious as well.

"Students of Hogwarts-"

He had been so distracted looking at the empty seats, he hadn't realized
that Lestrange had taken the podium to address everyone there. He
scrambled to retrieve his notepad and quill from his satchel, as she
continued.

"No doubt many of you have become aware that events have taken place
last night that appear concerning and strange. I am here to inform you
what has had happened and to assure you that it is under control," she
continued, looking completely sincere, and yet completely untrustworthy
at the same time. Perhaps it was just because everyone already knew her
reputation.

"While in search of the sleeping dragon within the Forbidden Forest, all
three champions came under attack by a group of centaurs. During the
attack, Cedric Diggory was severely injured. Miss Delacour was able to
evacuate him to the medi-wizard's station. He has been stabilized and
moved to St. Mungos, and is expected to make a full recovery..."

There was a collective sigh of relief at the Hufflepuff table. She went
on for another ten minutes, explaining in a very sugar coated way what
had happened. Somewhere in the middle of it, however, Voldemort had
arrived and sat himself at the teacher's table. She paused, but he
gestured for her to continue, even as he turned to talk quietly with
Snape. McGunny wasn't sure what Lestrange said after that, because his
attention was solely riveted on the Dark Lord.

*It's his fault. He wanted this to happen. He wants to kill them all.*

His headache was worsening, but his rising hatred was smothering the
pain. It was definitely Voldemort's fault. Weren't all these deadly
challenges his ideas? His designs? Could all these 'accidents' truly be
coincidental? Maybe they could have, but not Harry's role in stopping
them. How could he have been so conveniently placed each and every time
their lives were in danger?

A realization came on him then, horrible but suddenly, overwhelmingly
obvious.

Voldemort was trying to kill the champions, and Harry knew and was
trying to stop him.

It made perfect sense. Killing the foreign champions and making it look
like an accident would incite Germany and France, while the Dark Lord
twisted the incident into a regrettable mistake among the British.
Killing Diggory would only reinforce the idea of it all being
unintentional or perhaps even one of the other champion's fault.
Tensions would rise, and it would only take a small incident to start a
war.

That was what Voldemort wanted after all. The papers might have called
the building of a 'British Assembly of Cultural Preservation' and
stockpiling of goods acts of job creation and market regulation, but he
knew how to read between the lines. The Dark Lord was building an army
and gathering supplies for an invasion.

Harry had to know. As much time as he spent with Voldemort, he must have
figured it out or even been told, and now was trying to prevent it. The
evil monster couldn't punish Harry for it, not yet. Not with everyone
looking at him as a hero, and watching his every move. So instead,
Voldemort continued to elevate Harry's heroism in the eyes of the people
instead.

It would make his death so much more outrageous, especially when the
Dark Lord found some way to lay the blame on the foreigners.

That had to be it. It would explain why Harry always seemed to be in the
right place at the right time, why he so readily moved into danger, and
why he guarded his reasons so closely. Hadn't he said it himself?
*'I* can't *tell you, even if I wanted to. If Voldemort found out I
told you certain things, both of our lives could be in danger.'*

Harry knew Voldemort was capable of killing him, and had been trying to
protect McGunny. But now what? Did he know his life was already
endanger? He had to. Maybe the stolen badge was really a cover, and
Harry had escaped. But no, Viktor had already said Potter had rescued
him and been caught in the barrier.

"... Mr. Potter is quite safe, and will hopefully be returning to the
castle by this afternoon. In the meantime, classes will resume as
normal. Good day."

McGunny blinked and forced himself to turn to Lestrange, but the
headmistress was already leaving and Voldemort was following her. He
turned to his notepad, surprised he had actually been writing what she
was saying. He couldn't even remember her speaking. Skimming his notes,
he caught on to what was happening. Delacour was bringing down the
barrier to rescue Harry, and the ramifications of the night's events
would be evaluated and discussed with the foreign ambassadors before it
was decided if the tournament would resume or not.

McGunny already knew it would, and once it did, Harry and the other
champion's lives would all be in danger again. But what could he do?
Facing off against Voldemort directly was out of the question. Perhaps
if he told the ambassadors they could help Harry? Maybe... Why hadn't
Harry tried that?

Probably couldn't. Secrecy spells or contracts or something. McGunny
would have to ask for it on Harry's behalf.

Which would be treason.

His headache was growing, pounding on his temple like a hammer and
threatening to overwhelm him. He couldn't think like this. He needed a
Headache Relief Potion, and a few hours to think things through.

"Are you alright?" someone asked him. He looked bleakly over the speaker
and shook his head.

"I'm going to the infirmary."

---

"It should be 'ere."

Harry stopped and looked back at Fleur, who was looking down at her map.
Trekking through knee deep snow wasn't as fun as he remembered it being
from last night. Of course, neither was blood or people trying to kill
him when the moon wasn't full. He was going to have to do something
about that when he got back.

They were in a small clearing, surrounded on all sides by sprigs of
sapling bent nearly in half under the weight of snow. There was nothing
special about the area, but if there was some sort of sign of the
keystone then it was well buried.

"Where?"

She frowned thoughtfully, and started walking in a large circle. She
tightened the circle until it was about a meter wide and finally
stopped.

"Zome where in zis zircle. Under ze ground."

They both got out their wands and started casting their own digging
spells. Snow went flying and after a while so did dead plants and then
dirt in hard frozen chunks. They worked at it for nearly ten minutes
before they had to stop, tired from the repetitious movements of the
spell. Their hole was only about half a foot.

They looked at each other.

"I don't suppose you know how deep it's buried?"

"... zix feet?"

"Oh *come on!*"

---

She slept deep and had for a long time now, but there was no reason to
stir. She felt neither hunger nor thirst, and her clutch remained safe
around her with nothing to threaten them. In her dreams she was warm and
content, and on those rare occasions she felt inclined to awaken the
awareness of a biting cold began to seep into her consciousness and sent
her retreating back to the realm of dreams. There was no reason to face
such a thing when their lives were not endangered.

*Until* their lives were endangered.

---

They gave up on the digging spells after an hour, when they finally
reached soil that wasn't frozen. Fleur found a shovel in her Bottomless
Bag, and they took turns digging. The work was hard and dirty. It kept
them warm until they stopped and the cold air cooled their sweat slick
bodies, and left them shivering. It only got harder as they got deeper,
having to fling dirt higher in order to keep it out of the hole.

At some point, Harry started to laugh.

"What iz zo funny?" Fleur asked, confused that he would find amusement
in their current situation.

"I was just thinking... you're going to have to dig up a *dragon* by
*yourself*. Good luck with that."

She huffed. "I won't dig up ze entire zing!"

"You might have to, if you want to find the head. What if they buried it
upside down? Or with its head under its leg? All I'm saying is, I don't
envy you. Not at all."

She kicked a clog of dirt at him, which did very little considering he
was already covered in dirt. He continued to work and he was just about
ready to give Fleur her turn, when his shovel dug in and a strange
cracking sound gave him pause.

---

She tensed as something unpleasant and painful course through her body
in one violent thump, then stilled. In the aftermath, there was no pain
but a great uneasiness had settled over her. She did not feel safe any
longer. Reaching out with her senses she anxiously checked on her brood,
feeling their magic pulse in time with hers. Lovingly, she wrapped each
one in her magic to comfort them and comfort herself in their wellbeing.
She knew some of these eggs were empty of life, but they were very much
a part of her and she treasured them until the very moment her brood
devoured them and made that magic apart of themselves.

She checked each one, and with each one found unharmed she started to
relax. Until she came upon the last. There was something wrong.

She stirred.

---

They squeezed into the hole together, digging the egg out with their
bare hands until at last it was free. They could barely hold it, even
with their gloves on, it was burning hot. They tossed it out of the hole
and into some snow, and by the time they had climbed out the snow around
it had melted around it in a perfect circle.

It was large, but smaller than Harry thought it would be, and hard and
leathery at once. The shell was vaguely pink with brown spots, and a
large crack on one end where Harry suspected he had hit it with his
shovel. They both stared down at it curiously for a long moment, waiting
to catch their breath from their labor.

"Congratulations... it's a girl," Harry joked. Fleur chuckled. "So how
do you want to do this? It seems kind of disrespectful to smash it with
a shovel."

"Dangerous too. You felt 'ow 'ot it iz on ze outzide, 'ow 'ot on ze
inzide do you zink it iz? If we zmashed it we could get burned."

Harry frowned. He hadn't even thought of that.

"So no exploding spells and fire or freezing spells probably wouldn't
work... Oh! I know!" He went over to their supplies and rummaged through
it until he found Gryffindor's sword. "I'll cut it open."

"Ah, zat should work. Just be careful."

He unsheathed the blade and took a moment to admire it. Now that he was
taking swordsmanship lessons in Dueling Club, he had a better
appreciation for the blade. He already knew it was sharp, and magically
powerful, but now he knew it was also exceptionally light and
well-balanced in a way that only magic wielded by someone or something
very skilled would be able to create. The sheath was more precious to
him, however. It was a gift from his godfathers, and one that showed
they respected him as a fighter as well as their godson.

Fleur made an impatient sound. "Yes, it iz very big and imprezive. Are
you done fondling it?"

He burned with embarrassment. Honestly, her mind was dirtier than his!
The egg remained where it was, its heat causing steam rise up like
smoke. The blade cut through the as if it were paper, slicing it cleanly
in half.

---

Another spike of pain and she felt the death of her egg as keenly as if
it were herself being cut in two. She opened her eyes and threw back her
massive spiny head to scream out her rage and pain, throwing back mud
and water and ice with her violent awakening. She roared into the
freezing cold air, until her anger over came her pain and spat out great
swaths of fire, setting the surrounding trees alight.

Her tail and wings smashed the surrounding ice to pieces as she clawed
her way out of the embankment, shaking free the remnants of the stream
that had hidden her resting place. As she reached level ground, she let
out anothering trumpeting roar.

Her egg was destroyed, and her sanctuary defiled. She could not rest
again until the threat had been dealt with and her eggs were safe. She
was perfectly capable of running, but the trees were too thick and her
enemy was no doubt fleeing already, so flight was the only option. With
a powerful swiped of her tail she smashed the trees around her into
splinters, and with in moments she had cleared enough space to spread
her wings. From there it was but a few powerful flaps of her massive
wings and she was in the air, flying to meet the slayer of her egg.

And kill it.

---

The egg fell apart, the pinkish orange yoke poured out, and set the dry
grass beneath it on fire. For just an instant the sky swirled with
color, like the surface of a soap bubble, before it burst. A sharp burst
of wind signaled the fall of the barrier. Neither of them really
noticed.

They were both too distracted by the frightening sound of a very, very
angry dragon.

"Oh... Snape did not mention zat would 'appen," Fleur said, rather
stunned. "At least I won't 'ave to dig it up."

Harry, who had experience with this sort of unexpected turn of events,
recovered faster.

"Do you have any brooms in your bag?" he asked, sheathing his sword and
slipping it into his belt. He stalked over to her bag and tore it open,
and began rummaging through it. He pulled things out and tossing them
aside, looking deeper and deeper, but it was hopeless looking for things
that way. The bag really was bottomless. "How much junk is in this
thing?"

She pushed him aside, stuck her hand inside and pulled out a broom
instantly and tossed it to him. She reached in to find another, but came
up empty.

"Zat's ze only one," she lamented. "Should we 'ide?"

"And be trapped? She'll find us. She knows what we did. Get on the boom,
we're going to make a run for it."

"I don't-"

Another roar rang through the air, closer than before. The dragon was
moving fast, and Fleur needed no further convincing. She got onto the
broom behind Harry and wrapped her arms around his waist.

"Go!"

He shot straight into the air, and she tightened her hold as the icy
wind nipped at the exposed skin of her ears and face. He flew in a tight
circle trying to find the dragon, but it proved unnecessary. It was
heading straight for them. Fleur didn't even have time to gasp at the
sheer *size* of it, before Harry had turned the broom in the opposite
direction and fled.

"Get to ze castle!" she cried, her voice barely discernible in the
roaring wind.

"It's too dangerous! Someone could get hurt!"

"If we don't *we* could get dead! It iz a castle, it's dezigned to fend
off dragons," she reasoned. He grit his teeth and silently conceded,
because while he *might* be able to out fly a dragon by himself, he
definitely couldn't with another person.

She was gaining on them, and she was gaining fast.

---

Snape was not happy with the world. He hadn't slept at all, wanting to
be ready just in case Potter or Delacour showed up needing antidotes
from centaur poisons or just to be the first to ream Potter out for
being reckless and stupid again. Neither student had turned up, but
McGonogall had. Ugh. He must have been more tired than he thought given
the things he had said. It had made for a very awkward breakfast
atmosphere.

To top it off, even his Slytherins were conspiring to irritate the hell
out of him.

"Do you think they're dead?" someone whispered.

"Maybe... I bet Delacour is," replied another.

"Why not Potter?"

"'Cause he's a freak like that."

"Parkinson," he snapped. "Pay attention to what you are brewing, or
you'll be testing the end result."

The girl had the decency to look embarrassed, especially when several
people giggled at her expense. For once, Cypher wasn't one of them. She
was paying very little attention to what she was doing or anything else
for that matter, but at least she was smart enough to let Draco handle
the actual potion making. Hermione was making an effort to concentrate,
but taking out her frustration on her potions ingredients wasn't doing
her any favors.

He went back to grading his papers, annoyed with himself for not getting
them done last night, and tried to ignore the continued gossip.
Naturally, something *else* had to go wrong that morning.

*Buuuuwwwaaaaannggg...*

Snape's papers flew out of his hands, and not a few students jumped in
fright, knocking over or dropping their ingredients everywhere.

*Buuuuwwwaaaaannggg...*

The class settled, looking around themselves stupidly for the source of
the odd sound. It seemed to come from every direction, from the very
walls themselves. It took a moment for Snape to identify the sound and
when he did, he felt the blood run cold.

*Buuuuwwwaaaaannggg...*

"What the hell did Potter do now?" Draco said, looking more than a
little amused. Snape resisted the urge to go up and slap him upside the
head. After all, if his godson *really* knew what that alarm signaled,
perhaps he wouldn't be so glib. He could hope anyway.

For now though, the best thing to do was keep the students calm and
exactly where they were. When he had first taken his Hogwarts
orientation as professor, he still remembered the safety documentary
saying that the dungeons were the safest place to be during a dragon
attack. They also were the best place to be in case of a tornado, and
honestly he had thought he would experience the second long before he
ever did the first.

*Buuuuwwwaaaaannggg...*

"Ignore it," he instructed. "It's nothing you should concern yourselves
with."

Reluctantly, everyone turned back to their work.

---

*Buuuuwwwaaaaannggg...*

Viktor woke with a jolt, throwing aside his blankets and scrambling to
his feet.

"It's the dragon."

He spun around, blindly groping for the wand that wasn't on him. McGunny
stood by a window, looking at him blankly. Beside him another bed,
ruffled from use, and a school bag. The Ravenclaw must have been there
for quite some time, yet Viktor couldn't recall when he had arrived.

*Buuuuwwwaaaaannggg...*

"Vat? Vat about the dragon?"

"It's awake. It must have awoken when the barrier came down," he said
coolly. "You need to hurry."

*Buuuuwwwaaaaannggg...*

Viktor opened to ask 'For what', but then he realized. The dragon was
awake. That meant something had happened, something had gone wrong and
Fleur and Harry were in danger. He scrambled to dress and find his wand,
ignoring McGunny's unwavering stare. The other boy didn't say a word
until Viktor was half way to the door.

"When you're done," he called. "come back and see me. Harry is still
going to need your help after this."

Again Viktor began to ask 'For what?', but another chime of the alarm
alerted him to his more urgent task. Once he was gone, McGunny turned
back to the window, watching the distant form of Harry flying closer and
closer.

*Buuuuwwwaaaaannggg...*

"I would appreciate you not dying today, my friend," he said softly,
"You still owe me a story."

---

*Buuuuwwwaaaaannggg...*

"Move quickly, but do not *run!*" McGonogall instructed, moving her
class towards the dungeons. Her group soon caught up with Flitwick's
class, and both teachers fell in line with each other.

Nearly Headless Nick floated above them.

"Isn't this exciting?" he said cheerfully, "I haven't been through one
of these in *centuries*. Used to have them almost once a month when I
was a boy."

*Buuuuwwwaaaaannggg...*

"Ooohh... that sound still gives me chills."

The professors shared a look.

"Don't look at me," Flitwick said, "He's your House's ghost."

---

"'Arry! Dive!"

He didn't question Fleur's frantic command, pointing his broom down into
the inner courtyard. Fire rushed over their heads, followed by six tons
of muscle, teeth, and claws focused only on their demise. The dragon
flew passed, and Harry took the opportunity to fly into the covered
walkway and out of sight.

"What should we do?" he asked, trembling from the the close call. "I
didn't think she would follow us *into* the school."

"Why not? Dragons are infamous for taking over castles," she pointed
out, trying to sound unconcerned even though she was shaking just as
hard.

"I thought you said castles were designed to keep dragon's *out!*"

"Zey are! Zey just aren't designed to keep zem *away*!"

The dragon suddenly landed onto the awning of the walkway, smashing part
of it in. She let out a deafening roar and slapped her tail angrily on
the courtyard, sending clods of earth and rock flying. Fleur tightened
her grip around Harry, and if he hadn't stopped breathing before hand he
wouldn't have been able to now. They didn't dark speak or even move from
their hiding spot as the beast snarled and sniffed, slowly hunting them
down.

Harry knew it wouldn't take the dragon long to find them, but he
couldn't just fly out into the open. They were so close to it that
either the tail or the teeth would kill them before they could get away.
Carefully, he began to fly his broom backwards, silently moving it
towards the entryway to a western corridor.

The dragon suddenly stopped sniffing. Harry instinctively stopped as
well. In his ear, Fleur's breath, already loud and fast, quickened.

"Harry," she whispered. "Our shadow."

He gasped, realizing they were already outed, spun his broom around and
bolted for it. A massive spiny tail came at them from the side, smashing
through a column and barely missing them. They flew through the doorway,
too fast for so little room and hit a wall with the sides of their
bodies. The dragon's snout followed them through, snapping it's
dagger-like teeth close enough for them to catch the spittle.

"*Fulmenio!*" Fleur shouted, flinging out her wand. An bolt of light
flew out at the dragon, and hit it square in its open mouth. The dragon
pulled back in surprise, tearing apart the door way with her plated
head. Harry pushed the broom forward to escape.

Another angry roar, and the entry way they had just left was suddenly
filled with fire, and it rushed up either end of the hall, knocking out
windows and setting tapestries ablaze. He pushed the broom faster,
taking the first available turn and let the flames speed pass them.

*Voldemort is going to kill me for that*, Harry lamented, then realized
he probably wasn't going to live long enough to have to face the dark
wizard at this point. His choice in turns was unfortunate, because now
he was in a heavily windowed corridor looking into the courtyard. And
what a marvelous view he had of the dragon tearing at the still burning
mortar. The castle was already beginning to repel the attack, smothering
the flames and pushing the stones back into the place, but the dragon's
destructive rage was winning out. He needed a plan and *fast*.

"Fleur, can you apparate?"

"What?"

"Do you know how to apparate?!"

"Not in ze castle! It's warded!"

"If I take you past the castle grounds can you apparate?"

"I... I won't leave you!"

"You'd be doing me a favor! Once your off the broom I can definitely out
fly it!"

'Definitely' was a little strong, but he was fairly certain he could.

"No! It iz too dangerous. We should just move deeper into ze castle or
ze dungeons. Ze Zentinels will be 'ere any- 'ARRY!"

Their choice was taken from them by six tons of death blasting through
stone and glass, damn near crushing them. They were throw aside
violently, knocked from the broom and sent rolling across the corridor
until each hit the wall. Dazedly, they tried to reorient themselves and
stumbled to their feet. The dragon was also disoriented, and in the
confusion Harry snatched up the broom and Fleur and slipped through the
impromptu opening.

Their take off was shaky at best, but their destination was clear. They
moved towards the lake as quickly as they could, striving for as much
distance between them and their would-be assassin as they could.

---

Voldemort strode briskly towards the castle entrance, making a point to
cross through the still smoldering courtyard on his way. The castle was
steadily reassembling itself, but the damage was still obvious. Bricks
pulled themselves together imperfectly, parts of them ground into powder
and burnt wooden frames of the windows barely held themselves together,
let alone any glass that hadn't been shattered or melted.

It was quite impressive, Voldemort admitted to himself, but he wished
the dragon's power could have been exercised on something more
deserving. Like Durmstang's boat or Madam Pudifoot's. At least he had
some ideas on how to further fortify the castle against external
attacks, which he would have Lestrange implement during the summer.

He'd make Harry help, he decided, as punishment for this entire fiasco.
If he survived.

The Dark Lord exited the castle keep and looked around. He could see a
dozen Sentinels he had posted around the barrier running towards the
lake, ready and willing to face this latest threat, but they would be
too late. They hadn't thought to carry brooms and apparating wasn't
possible

Harry and Delacour were half way across the lake, another mile from the
anti-apparition boundary, and dragon had already caught up to them. They
could not out fly their pursuer, and were forced to get clever. Harry
was flying as low as he dared and turning sharply, forcing the dragon to
fly higher and make wider turns or risk loosing its updraft and send it
crashing into the ice. The flames were much harder to dodge, but
Delacour proved her worth by casting Shield Spell after Shield Spell and
a few attack spells just to keep the dragon cautious.

They were still losing. Their magic or their luck would run out long
before the dragon's rage did, and they were getting no closer to the
boundary now.

Voldemort closed his eyes and took a deep breath, ready to exert some
*very* interesting magic, but a noise behind him drew his attention and
he spun around instinctively, his wand jumping into his hand. Krum's
wand found it's owner's hand just as quickly, and the two found
themselves facing each other in equally defensive positions. Voldemort
scowled.

"You should be inside with the others," he said darkly, feeling more
than a little distrustful. What was this child doing sneaking up behind
him? Then he noted there was a broom in Krum's hand.

"I should be killing da dragon. Isn't dat da challenge?" he snapped
back, his voice thick with accusation.

Voldemort arched his brow, then relaxed. He smirked, and pointed out
towards the lake where his protégé and Delacour fought for their lives.
"Then by all means, you better hurry. The Beauxbaton's girl has a head
start on you."

The Durmstang Champion's furious expression made Voldemort chuckle, and
for a moment the Dark Lord thought the child would have the audacity to
attempt to hex him. But no, Krum was in a hurry, and ran passed him,
barely clear of him when he jumped on his broom and sped out towards the
lake.

Voldemort took another deep breath, gathering his magic, then held it.
Krum had just challenged him, which was the first interesting thing he
had seen the champion do since he had arrived. He wanted to see how far
the boy's bravado would take him. If things got out of hand, he would
intercede, but wanted to test this one's strength first.

Especially if there was a chance they might meet on the battle field.

---

Harry made another sharp turn, nearly dragged off his broom as Fleur
struggled to keep her balance with one arm around him and the other
waving widely. A mace like tail swung pass them, skimming the ice. The
dragon lost some of her balance and wavered clumsily in the air, until a
few power flaps of its wings brought it higher and she steadied..

"That was close," he huffed, taking the opportunity to move further
across the lake.

"Faster!" she begged breathlessly, fear and exhaustion leading her
steadily towards desperation.

"I *can't*. No unless you want to get off and *run,*" he snapped back,
fear and exhaustion leading him steadily towards irritability. It proved
a mistake on both their parts, for the second and half they had focused
on each other, they had taken their attention off the dragon. She
reasserted her significance in their concentration by nearly dropping
*on top* of them. Her legs on either side of him and a tail swinging
behind, he could only move forward, and risk the teeth and fire. They
slipped out from underneath her with all their limbs, but she caught the
bristles of their broom in her mouth and flung them.

The broom snapped, and Fleur fell off the back while Harry was tossed
further away. He landed on his side, and even with all the snow to
cushion him, the pain was incredible. It ran the entire length of his
arm, before the intensity of it faded into total numbness. His glasses
were lost, but there was blood leaking into his eyes so it didn't matter
any way.

"Ahh..." he moaned, and forced himself to sit up. "Fleur?"

"Run!" she screamed, but it was impossible. He didn't even know if he
could stand.

An angry snarl reminded him of the danger, and he forced himself to his
feet, stumbling *away* from the dark fuzzy mass of maternal rage. The
dragon had landed, or crashed really in her attempts to catch them, and
partially broken through the ice. The back half of her body had slipped
beneath the water, while her arms and wings and head struggled to pull
her out again. The ice was thick, but she was heavy and having already
broken it she was struggling to find a patch that would support her
weight.

She was close enough that even Harry's addled wits knew he was still in
danger.

He stumbled over the hem of his cloak as he attempted to flee and fell,
unable to stand again for the pain and dizziness that over came him. The
dragon noticed him again. She continued to struggle, but now she
struggled towards him, snapping at him and tearing away the ice he was
collapsed on.

"*'ARRY!*"

The dragon grew impatient and drew back her head, her chest filling with
fire. Harry laid there frozen, his thoughts of fire flitting through his
mind.

*His little room the Durlsey's, his painting bursting into flames and
Dudley wrestling the cursed bedsheets.*

*Voldemort standing by the fire place during Christmas break, grinning
at him wickedly. 'Want to see something interesting?' He shoved his hand
into the fire and pulled out a piece of it, a perfect sphere of flames
hovering above his open palm.*

*Writing in his journal, the candle on his desk flickering for no
reason.*

*Teacher Brennan and the others sitting around the fire pit, stirring up
the flames with a poke. "The body is composed of earth, but life is made
from fire..."*

He closed his eyes tight, expecting indescribably pain and then...

"*Fragorio!*"

There was explosion, a wave of heat, and inhuman screech of pain.

He opened his eyes again. He could not see any better, but he knew that
voice.

"Viktor!"

Fleur was suddenly beside him, forcing him to his feet and pulling him
away.

"Move, you fool!"

"*Congelo!*"

Fleur hesitated, then shoved him forward, forcing him to stumble away on
his own.

"Go! Keep going!"

"What are you...?"

She had already turned back towards the fight, however, and begun waving
her wand.

"*Congelo!*"

Viktor repeated the spell, then Fleur, and then Viktor again. Each
moving round and round the dragon moving in as close as they dared, as
it snarled and snapped and blew fire at them. The ice around it began to
thicken, but rather than try to climb onto it the dragon was now trying
to escape it, as it began to form around her claws and wings, sticking
them to the ice and holding her there so that she couldn't move. Every
time she turned to melt ice growing on one part of her body with her
fire, the wizard and witch summoned ice somewhere else.

The ice was slowly winning, and so were they. Slowly, ever so slowly,
the dragon began to weaken and slow, her enraged cries turning instead
to panicked shrieks as the ice climbed over her, until only her head
remained free courtesy of her flaming breath. Even that was slowly being
taken away. She could no longer expand her chest to breath deep. She
could barely breath at all.

Her cries fell into pitiable whimpers. Harry's heart clenched.

"Stop!"

Fleur and Viktor broke off the spell. There was a moment of silence, but
for the dragon's long suffering groan.

"It can not live," Viktor said. "If it lives, it vill come for you
again. Dey remember der grudges until dey die."

"I know but..."

"It iz awful, but we can't stop. It will only make it worse for 'er."

Harry nodded, "I know, but... not like this. It's too horrible. I... I
can make it quick."

He turned back towards the dragon, and forced himself to move as quickly
towards her as he could, intent on not prolonging her suffering or allow
his feelings to runaway with his resolve. His left arm was useless,
hanging limply from its socket, but his right was still good and he used
it to withdraw the Sword of Gryffindor from its sheath. He didn't know
if dragons had any sense of dignity or pride, but if they did he hoped
the death he offered her was one she would find befitting.

Her moaning had subsided into calm shallow breaths, even as his own sped
up as he approached her. This close beside her, even with his lousy
vision, he could see her yellow eyes and the myriad of emotions drifting
across her reptilian face. Hate. Resignation. Regret. Ice was still
forming and gradually moved up to cover even her eyes. At least, she
wouldn't see it coming, even though she obviously knew it was.

"I'm sorry," he said, and slid the blade home.

---

Voldemort sighed in relief, regathering his scattered magic back into
him. Now that the dragon was at peace, he no longer needed to supplement
the champions' Freezing Spells with his own magic. Hopefully, none of
them had noticed him do it. He didn't like the idea of the foreigners
knowing he had this particular talent. There weren't very many wizards
who could send their magic over a mile in such a subtle manner, and for
certain less publicly acceptable actions this was a useful skill.

It was a necessary risk, however. The two of them would not have been
enough to over power the dragon, and Harry was in no state to help them
even if he knew the spell.

Still, he hadn't anticipated Harry making the final blow. It sent a
shiver down his spine thinking about it. The potential power behind such
an act. The slaying of a dragon was no small thing after all, and he
fully intended for his pupil to take full advantage of it.

After his punishment, of course.