# Chapter 79

Harry woke up in his bed, which was not the place he remembered leaving
consciousness. That was probably a good thing, since that particular
place had been set on fire last he recalled. However, all was not right
here either, mostly due to the fact that Snape was scowling down at him
like he knew Harry was a budding arsonist. He blinked sleepily, closed
his eyes again, hoping he was simply dreaming.

"Potter, wake up. Are you dying?" the potion's master demanded, shaking
him awake again.

Harry groaned, and rolled away from him. "Yee\~eesss, now let me die in
peace."

"If only. Get up, we're going to Dublin." Harry was tired enough that he
thought he might be able to ignore him for a good ten minutes, but also
tired enough that he didn't realize that was a bad idea. His warm
blankets were snatched away, and not waiting for him to come to his
senses, Snape muttered a spell so that Harry's clothes jumped out of his
trunk and hurled themselves at him, including a change of underwear and
his rather heavy boots.

"Agh! Alright, fine! I'm getting up, just knock it off!"

Thank Merlin, no one else was there to see him get a face full of
skivvies. Snape smirked and strode away, leaving Harry to dress. The sky
was still dark outside, and his bedside lamp flared to life as he
climbed out of bed. He was still bone tired, and desperately wanted
sleep, but he forced himself through his morning routine. Slowly, his
mind began to start waking up, even though his body remained sluggish
and uncooperative.

He remembered his spell, in the middle of brushing his teeth and nearly
choked on his toothbrush. Earth, Sun, and Sky what happened? What had he
done? He hadn't a clue what his spell would do, only that it was too
late to stop it.

They were going to Dublin. That was what Snape had said. That was in
Ireland, where Voldemort said he would be for the Solstice.

Well, shit.

He could only hope that because it was only the snarky potions master
that came and got him and not a platoon of Sentinels, nothing *too*
horrible had happened. Or at least, that no one suspected *him* of being
responsible.

He found Snape waiting for him in the Gryffindor common room, staring
out a window and deep in thought.

"Has something happened?" Harry asked reluctantly, afraid to know the
answer, afraid to think asking would make him look guilty. Snape turned
to him, looking him up and down, making the him even more uncomfortable.

"The Dark Lord was attacked last night, and might be dying. He has
demanded our presence immediately."

Harry's eyes widened and he reached out to the nearest wall, incredulity
stealing away what strength the exhaustion hadn't. Impossible. That
wasn't the purpose of the spell. It wasn't *suppose* to hurt him.

Even though he had known it probably would to some extent.

"Dying?" His voice was so weak, it would have been inaudible if the
common room weren't so overwhelmingly quiet already. For once, Snape
didn't mock him for it, merely nodded.

"It is not for certain yet, but you need to be prepared for that
possible eventuality. Come, we need to hurry."

The older man turned to lead the way to the exit, his massive strides
forcing Harry to scramble after him to keep up. The castle was dark and
Harry disoriented, unable to grasp that the same night he had summoned a
Goddess he would face the consequences of his actions. His wand was up
his sleeve, more out of habit than practicality, as he didn't even have
the energy or the concentration to cast so much as a simple lighting
spell.

Lestrange was waiting for them both at the entrance, her expression
tight with irritation and worry.

"What took you so long?" she snapped.

"Potter sleeps like the dead," Snape muttered back and moved right
passed her towards the door. She glared at him briefly, but the majority
of her vitriol was reserved for Harry. He didn't look at her, instead
following Snape closely. He was far too vulnerable to feel comfortable
alone with her, but he couldn't afford to let her know how much.
Especially not now.

Voldemort's black car was parked outside, and in addition to Victoria
there were over a dozen heavily armored Sentinels standing around with
brooms and wands in hand. Victoria's face was ashen as she opened the
door for them, even in the feeble light of the torches. She was
terrified, and when he caught her gaze he knew it wasn't entirely for
herself that she feared.

Another surprise awaited him inside the car. Lucius Malfoy was there,
his back to the driver's seat, looking dangerous in a uniform vaguely
reminiscent of a Sentinel or a Brass Cult Cadet. His uniform was black,
close cut to highlight the body of a man who hadn't let a life of luxury
destroy his military physique. The buttons and fixings were gold, and
the half dozen medals he wore at his breast were modeled after fearsome
things: skulls, serpents, blades.

Harry had the rather dubious privilege of sitting directly across from
him. Lucius gave him one, long accessing look, as if determining the
chances of getting away with strangling him right then and there. Snape
caught him..

"For Merlin's sake, Lucius, he's not your competition. Knock it off."

This earned the potions master a glare from everyone, but he ignored
them completely. After that, no one said anything. They each stared out
their own window, lost in thoughts and schemes and worries of their own.
This could be the end of the world as they knew it.

For better or worse.

---

There were Sentinels at the door when Viktor got up that morning. At the
sight of them, he nearly panicked and blasted them both, but luckily
Jophery had been with him and grabbed his arm before he did anything so
foolish.

"Vat is dis?" his friend asked congenially, to the nearest Sentinel, a
middle aged woman with a scar on her lip. She gave him a half-hearted
shrug.

"Orders. A Red Alert has been posted, meaning every available Sentinel
and Brass Cult recruit is being called to every Red Facility in Britain.
Hogwarts is a Red Facility. Number 27, no less."

"Red Facility?" Viktor prodded.

"Strategic attack appoint. Government buildings, supply warehouses,
private residences of Court Officials,... Hogwarts has had several
attacks over the last couple of years so it's 27, even if most of the
students are safely at home."

Viktor and Jophery shared a concerned look.

"So vy is dere a Red Alert? Has somezing happened?"

Here, the woman seemed a bit reluctant. "Nothing you need to worry
about. You just need to stay in the castle until it's over. Hardly a
imposition in this weather. Now go on, I'm sure you boys have other
things to do."

They walked away, casting brief glances to see if the Sentinels were
looking at them suspiciously or were preparing to follow. The Sentinels
paid them no mind, turning to each other instead for conversation.

"Vat do you zink?" Jophery asked once they were out of ear shot. Viktor
just shook his head. There was no way to know what was going on.

"I'll try vriting Hermione if ve don't hear anything more dis morning.
Her foster father is a commander in ze Brass Cult, she might know
somezing."

They didn't speak on the subject again once they reached the Great Hall,
where they encountered other Sentinels scouting the corridors. They
tried again to glean some information from them, but again they were
told it was just a safety precaution and not to worry about it. Other
students arrived for breakfast, equally confused and unhelpful about
what was happening. Having no where else to go, Viktor remained in the
Great Hall after breakfast, playing card games with his classmates as he
waited for some new information to re-emerge. It came with Fleur, who
had been in and out of the Great Hall several times that morning
already.

"'Ave you zeen, 'Arry?" she asked. Viktor suddenly realized he had not,
even though he knew Harry was spending the holidays at the school.

"No."

She frowned. "No one 'as. I noticed 'e didn't come down zis morning, zo
I went to is dorm, but 'e iz not zere. Ze other Gryffindors 'ave not
zeen 'im eizer. I tried ze library and Dueling 'All too. Nozing."

"Vill help you look," Jophery said. "But lets find a teacher first. Dey
vould know if he is suppose to be here or not."

Finding a teacher took almost as much work as finding Harry, but they
did at last locate McGonagall speaking with a Sentinel near the castle
entrance. Their discussion looked extremely heated, but they broke it
off immediately when they saw them approach. She gave them a cautious
look.

"Is something the matter?" she asked.

"I vould like to know dat myself," Jophery quipped, but Viktor elbowed
him in the shoulder before he said anything else..

"Ve vere vondering vhere Harry vas. He hasn't shown up for breakfast and
no vone has seen him."

"... and because of all the extra security you were worried?" she
guessed. "No need. Mr. Potter is on an errand with Professor Snape. They
should be back sometime this afternoon."

Fleur let out a sigh of relief. "Zank goodness. Please, Professor, do
you know what all zis-" she gestured at the Sentinel, "- iz about? It iz
very zudden."

She gave a sympathetic smile, but shook her head. "I am afraid I am as
much in the dark as you are. Anything I told you would be mere
speculation, and that's worse than useless."

They split up after that, Fleur to her rooms, Jophery to amuse himself
by exploring the castle, and Viktor to write a letter to Hermione. He
nearly made it to the owlry with his missive, when he met someone along
the way that gave him pause.

"I zought you said you vould never approach me again."

McGunny ignored that. "I just got back from the infirmary. It's worse
than I thought."

He handed Viktor a roll of papers, which he opened and skimmed through
and immediately felt the blood drain from his face. It was Harry's
medical records. There were records of beatings, of crucios, a broken
bones, magical exhaustion, cuts, a life-threatening poisoning, Blue Pox,
and a condition resulting from an unknown Dark Arts ritual that left the
boy with permanent physical and mental abnormalities. He looked to
McGunny, and by the tension around his eyes, Viktor could tell he was as
outraged by this as he himself was.

"That's just what we have *records* of. There is no telling how many
injuries he's self treated or were covered up by Snape."

"You zink Snape is involved in dis?"

"He's aware of it, at the very least. He's Voldemort's man and Harry's
guardian. I can't see how he wouldn't know."

Viktor nodded. It wasn't unreasonable. What little he knew of Snape
suggested he wouldn't be adverse to hurting a child if the Dark Lord
commanded it or perhaps even if he didn't. He had a mean streak a mile
wide.

"I don't suppose you know vat's going on vith all za Sentinels?"

"The Red Alert? No... I..." he started, then shook his head. "I'm
looking into it."

"Vould you mind telling me ven you find somezing?"

"I will if it's relevant, otherwise you're on your own," McGunny said,
and walked away, having nothing else to say. Viktor glared at his back,
but didn't push the matter. Two could play this game. He continued on
his way to the owlry to send out his letter.

---

Harry fell asleep in the car. Despite all his worries, his guilt, and
his company, he was still tired and the car was quiet. He woke up when
the car stopped, as everyone moved to get up and stepped out. The sun
was just starting to rise, the dark silhouette of a castle and slanting
rooves against a bright pink and golden sky.

The moment Harry's feet touched the Irish soil, he felt his magic stir,
the fine hairs on his arms and neck stood on end.

"Come on," Snape said, regaining his attention. They had stopped in
front of a large building made of red brick and white columns, a bronze
statue of a medi-wizard patching up a man who looked like he'd gone a
few rounds with a troll and lost badly. A plaque by the door, read 'St.
Victivius Hospital for Magical Maladies'. A hospital?

Harry's mind boggled at the thought. Did anyone here really think a
*hospital* was going to have what the Dark Lord needed? Any medi-wizard
worth their salt would realize within five minutes that Voldemort's body
resembled a human's body about as much as it did a wheel of cheese. It
was just stupid.

Or desperate.

A line of Sentinels and Brass Cult soldiers lines the walkway and the
hall and all the entrance ways, ramrod straight and saluting Lucius as
he passed them. Harry trailed behind the party, wanting very much to
turn around and leave, and the closer they seemed to draw to their
destination the stronger his reluctance became. A nurse, looking
terribly nervous and even more tired than Harry, led them through the
maze of corridors that seemed to define a hospital to a single corridor.
Every hall leading to it had been filled with guards, but this hall was
completely empty. They all gave the nurse a suspicious look, and she
looked ready to cry.

"He really *really* doesn't like people around him when he's unwell,"
she lamented, and scurried off.

They all gave each other a questioning look, then the Slytherins came
together in a rare display of cooperation and turned to Harry.

"You go first. He *likes* you," Lucius said.

"Oh, screw you, Captain Courageous," Harry snapped.

The Malfoy patriarch drew himself out and looked ready to snarl out a
command, but a small explosion down the hall drew their attentions. A
half second later, a man, his hair and clothes smoking, bolted out the
door as if his life depended on it, which it probably did.

"Don't touch me, you filth! Leech! *Hashhh ssshnicth sssil wesssk!*"

Harry actually blushed at the remainder of Voldemort's parseltongue
insult. He had no idea a wand could be used for *that*.

"He seems pretty feisty for being on his death bed," Snape noted.

Lestrange hissed at him, "Show some respect!"

Despite his defiance to Lucius, Harry did in fact 'go first'. Slowly,
uncertainly, he made his way down the hall, terrified of what he might
have done to the other man and that he might know it. He stopped a short
distance from the door, half off its hinges from when the medi-wizard
had been thrown out.

"My Lord?" he called, "May I come in?"

There was a moment of silence, then. "Enter."

Cautiously, he peeked his head inside first. Voldemort reclined in a
small hospital bed, defiantly propped upright against his pillows, his
hand still clutched his wand as if daring anyone to tear it from his
cold, dead hands. And he did look very near dead. His skin was pale and
sweat slick, reminding Harry of cave salamanders turned white in the
darkness. In contrast, his eyes were blood shot, not helped by the fact
that his eyes were already red to begin with. And he was bleeding. Not
badly, but it trickled from his eyes, his nose, the corners of his
mouth. His hands were smeared with it.

It was what Harry thought a vampire might look like if it were to die
from a disease. Voldemort seemed to sense his thoughts and grinned, his
teeth pink with still more blood.

"I hate to tell you this, but you don't look much better," Voldemort
chuckled darkly. It was pitched just a little too high, indicative of
the pain he was still suffering and the strain he he felt trying to hide
it. What had he done to him?

"What a scary thought," Harry said, feebly trying to smile back, and
came into the room.

There were sitting chairs in the room, but they had all been destroyed,
and he was feeling too timid to draw attention to this fact by actually
fixing one. Voldemort's red eyes tracked him closely. He stopped at the
foot of his bed, afraid to approach any closer.

"I will not die," Voldemort informed him, studying his reaction. Harry
nodded, but he didn't feel relieved. The Dark Lord might not die, but
that didn't mean he would return to what he had been. That had been the
point of the ritual, but this couldn't have been farther from what he
had wanted.

"Is there anything I can do?" he asked, because he had to. He caused
this, and he needed to know he could fix it somehow.

"My gods could do nothing for me, what do you think you can do?" the
Dark Lord hissed.

"I don't know... but I do know your gods aren't the sort you turn to for
healing."

Voldemort's expression smoothed, and he rested further back into his
pillows. Something of his former smugness returned. "True. While we're
on the subject of gods, how did your sacrifice go? Was your god pleased
with your gift?"

Harry felt a spike of fear. Dare he say Her name? Would he know Her and
what Harry had Her do? But he couldn't *not* answer. It was a surer sign
of guilt than anything else.

"Ah... I... I don't know. I think She burned down the lodge house."

Voldemort chuckled. "Perhaps She mistook the whole thing for Her shrine.
They can be rather presumptuous."

That was a very good possibility. Harry quickly tried to change the
subject before it got any further into the fact he might have killed or
crippled his own mentor.

"How did this happen? Can anything be done?"

Voldemort ignored the question, and flung out his wand. Harry flinched.
He ignored that too, and simply began fixing up the room. It appeared
whatever was wrong with him hadn't affected his magic any.

"No, or if there is, no one here has the skills for it. Why the bloody
hell they don't hire some half-blooded elven folk in an *Irish* [^79-1]
hospital is beyond me. I've already sent for Diana, Fenrir's little moon
goddess. If I don't have a cure, I will at least have answers. This was
done with old magic. Who ever it was used the Solstice as a means to
boost their power, just as we did. I think I will have them explain the
entire ritual to me in detailed before I have them boiled alive."

Harry's mouth went very dry. Voldemort saw his expression, but luckily
misinterpreted it.

"Do you feel sympathy for everyone?" he asked, annoyed. "I suppose you
have forgotten that you hate me already?"

The Gryffindor floundered for a reply and caught himself twice from
blurting out something incriminating, and finally settled on, "I have
not!"

And stalked out. Voldemort called after him.\
"Send in Malfoy while your out there."

He was shaking as he left, and he couldn't hide it from the other
Slytherins. Their reproving stares were palpable, but he didn't care. He
had gone first, knowing what he knew, and he still he had gone first.

"Your turn," he said to Malfoy, and then just kept walking. To keep
Snape from stopping him he added, "I'll be in the car."

---

Hermione received Viktor's letter shortly after lunch. She was alone
with Draco in the mansion, their father having left before they woke up
that morning and their mother leaving immediately after she had woken
them for breakfast with instructions not to leave the house. They were
both more than a little unnerved to find two Brass Cult cadets at both
the foyer and in the kitchen, but Dobby had reassured them they were
there per the Malfoy patriarch's orders.

"Who is it from?" Draco asked, looking up from the game of chess they
had been playing.

"Viktor," she said, her expression softening ever so slightly. Her
brother scowled.

"What does he want?"

She opened the letter and skimmed through, her expression gradually
darkening.

"There are Sentinels at the school, as well. They've been told we're
under a Red Alert. Why didn't mother mention that before she left?"

Draco frowned thoughtfully. "I don't know. Maybe she didn't want us to
worry. Does it say anything else?"

She read through the rest of the letter, and by the time she was done
Draco could tell there was definitely something troubling her.

"What?"

She looked at him, uncertainly. "He says that he was told both Uncle
Severus and Harry left the castle together on an errand."

"So?"

"Draco, the castle is on lock-down. Uncle Severus *can't*leave the
castle without a Court exemption, and neither can Harry. They never
would have gotten one so quickly if it were *just* an errand. I think
they both may have been summoned."

"What? Like by the Dark Lord?"

"I don't know who else would have the authority or the inclination to
summon them both."

"Very good, my dear. It appears sending you to Hogwarts wasn't a
complete waste of money," drawled an arrogant voice from the doorway.
They both spun around to see Malfoy Sr. standing behind them, his black
uniform making him even more imposing than usual.

"W-welcome home," Hermione managed, setting aside the letter and hoping
he would forget about it. It was futile. He ignored her greeting
completely, and snatched up the letter. Skimming through it, his face
remained arrogant and condescending, and she felt her cheeks burn. When
he was done, he folded the letter, and placed it in his pocket.

"Your little tryst with Mr. Krum is over. You will not write to him,
speak to him, or so much as look at him from now on. Is that clear?" he
said evenly, addressing her with all the familiarity and affection he
did his house elves. Her heart constricted. He wasn't ever suppose to
know. When ever he found something or someone she cared about, he tried
to take it away from her. The only exceptions had been Draco (who could
hardly be sent away), Hogwarts (Narcissa had demanded her husband to let
her attend), and Harry (who was a political morsel Lucius wasn't stupid
enough to throw away just yet). Now he wanted to take away Viktor, but
she wasn't ready to let him go without a fight.

"He is only a friend. You have made very sure that I can't have anything
more than that from anyone," she said, adopting an air of arrogant
sophistication. The more emotion she showed, the worse he would make it
for her, and she had become adept at maintaining this mask in front of
him.

"This isn't a negotiation."

"Come now, father. This is unreasonable. He's my friend too, and I make
sure they are never alone together. It will hardly hurt her reputation,"
Draco jumped in, lying easily. He despised Viktor, but what he despised
more was his father tormenting his sister, and when it came to choosing
sides on that particular battlefield he knew were his loyalty lay.

"You will also avoid him," Lucius snapped, his previous reserve
disappearing in an instant. Both children flinched away. That had been
unexpected. He never yelled at Draco unless he was genuinely worried
about him. He recovered quickly, but it was too late. Both were
wondering what was going on, because now it was obvious this didn't just
have to do with preserving Hermione's honor. "Mr. Krum and his
associates are currently under investigation for attacking the Dark
Lord. I will not have my children associating with potential criminals."

"Attacking the... are you serious? Someone attacked the Dark Lord?"
Draco said, as if it were the most incredible thing he had ever heard.
It probably was. "That's why we're under a Red Alert? Is it serious?"

Lucius seemed to consider the matter, and grimaced.

"He is not going to die... but he is not well. This is a matter of
national security, so *neither* of you will repeat it to anyone else.
The Foreign visitors are officially under investigation and you will
stay out of the way. Is that understood?"

They both nodded, and for the moment he had to be satisfied with that.

"I must return to London to organize my men in order to help keep the
peace once the news is finally released. Businesses have all been closed
today in the expectation of riots, but we are prepared to handle the
situation. I have spoken with your godfather, and he will be coming to
stay here until the matter is settled as I won't be able to return for
some time and your mother will be out more often than not."

"Is he bringing Harry, then?" Draco asked, knowing it was better if he
asked rather than Hermione. His father tended to clam up when she tried
questioning him. His father looked annoyed.

"He will. Draco, you will be responsible for him. If he gets into
trouble, *you* will be the one to pay for it."

This didn't make the Malfoy heir too happy, but in a way it was a
compliment. It was Lucius' way of saying he was confident enough of his
abilities to entrust him with this responsibility. Or something like
that. He nodded.

"Good. They will arrive this evening. Make sure they are made
comfortable."

With that, he left to do what he had originally come to do. It was true
that the foreigners were under investigation, but then so were nearly
two dozen other factions per the Dark Lord's orders. Lucius could not
help but allow his respect for the man to grow. He had spoken with him
for nearly an hour, and it was perfectly clear that he was in
excruciating pain, but he still had control of his thoughts and his
magic, as he outlined his plans and suspicions. Lucius would organize
the army in case this assassination attempt was the forerunner of a
larger attack, and even if the fear turned out to be unfounded they
would have a clearer understanding of their army's strengths and
weaknesses. Only a few Sentinels and Court officials would be used to
keep track of possible suspects, while the Dark Lord worked his own
magic to discover the culprits. What exactly was wrong with Voldemort
was anyone's guess, as the man didn't know himself and refused to let
any of the doctors examine him. Lucius admired his paranoid secrecy too.

With things settled on the home front, he went to his office to gather
some things and leave additional instructions with the house elves,
confident that his orders would be obeyed by servant and child alike.

He completely forgot, in his usual disregard for muggleborns, that
Hermione was a Gryffindor.

---

McGunny felt sick. Worse than sick, in fact. He felt as if he were
dying. The headache potion he had taken as an excuse to be in the
infirmary, was useless. He had managed to sneak into Pomfrey's files and
make copies of Harry's record, and then deliver them to Krum, but now he
felt too exhausted to move. His thoughts were scattered and slow, his
limbs sluggish, and a fever left him swimming in his own sweat. He
climbed into his bed, buried himself in his blankets, and prayed he
wouldn't die as he drifted to sleep.

Almost an hour later, Tom opened his bright green eyes and got to work.

---

Harry said nothing on the drive back to the castle. Part of it was the
presence of Lestrange, but mostly he didn't want to acknowledge the
white elephant. He listened as Lucius and Snape discussed his staying at
the Malfoy Estate until they could be certain the danger had passed and
Lestrange sneered at them both, but he had nothing to add to the
conversation. He didn't want to lie, but anything honest that came out
of him at this point would lead to them killing him where he sat.

He fell asleep again at some point, and when he woke up Lucius was gone.

"How long have I slept?" he asked, turning to Snape who was already
studying him.

"Apparently, not long enough. Go back to sleep."

Still tired, he decided to comply and closed his eyes. Before he was
truly asleep again, however, he heard Lestrange address the potions
master.

"Today, I'll have to mark my calendar as the day Snivelus Snape finally
resorted to molly-coddling. He's made you weak."

There was a moment of silence, and then.

"You do realize the irony of *you* saying that he has made *me* weak.
After all, you traveled all this way, but in the end you were the only
one the Dark Lord didn't call upon."

She let out an evil hiss, but to Harry's parseltongue ears what he heard
was 'there is water up my mouse' and barely managed to keep himself from
smiling. Remembering that at any moment the Dark Lord might find out the
truth and boil him alive helped.

---

Hermione told Draco she was going to go take a bath before their guests
arrived and not to disturb her. In Hermione-speak this was translated as
a polite 'I need to be alone so I can vent all my feelings without
anyone watching so could you bugger off for a while?' This gave Hermione
approximately two hours to do what she needed to do. Sneaking out of the
Malfoy mansion and passed the guards was simple enough with Dobby's
help, as was apparating to Hogsmeade. Getting from Hogsmeade to the
castle without being noticed was a bit trickier, but once there Draco's
broom proved invaluable in getting her straight into Gryffindor tower.
She ended up in the seventh year boys' room, but luckily none of them
were there for the holiday. The rest of the tower appeared empty as
well, and passing Harry's bed revealed his trunk still sitting at the
end, which meant Snape and Harry probably hadn't arrived yet or at least
weren't ready to leave for Malfoy manor.

She went to her room and created a charmed note, then sent it soaring.
She couldn't afford to be recognized as she wandered the halls, so she
would need Viktor to come to her. However, if he were under
surveillance, neither of them could afford the note being intercepted.
She had to get clever.

---

Colin Creevey received something of a surprise while he was developing
pictures for the next edition of The Hogwarts' Herald, when a paper
airplane flew straight into his developing solution. He fished it out
with his gloved hand and read it.

*Colin. Get this to Viktor Krum, swiftly.*

There was no signature and he didn't recognize the writing, but the
writer obviously knew who he was and that he was staying at Hogwarts for
the holiday. Why they wanted him to play messenger boy, he had no idea.
Should he comply? For that matter, why was he getting a note to Krum
that only said he had to get a note to Krum?

Well, it was an adventure, he supposed, and he was a Gryffindor. So he
finished up with his pictures, hung them up to dry, and went in search
of Durmstang's champion.

---

Getting weird notes delivered to him by Creevey was not the strangest
thing to happen to him that day, but it was the most suspicious,
particularly when Creevey had no answer as to where it came from or what
it meant. The young Gryffindor looked genuinely disappointed when Viktor
said he didn't know either and sent him away. After a few minutes, he
finally decided it had to be McGunny again. Perhaps he had learned
something relevant, but didn't want to risk contacting him directly
again.

A Revealing charm caused the letters to rearrange themselves.

*k mlt*

*Viktor. Get to history Class now. Y*

*uif*

He cast a few few spells to check for spies and to prevent himself from
being noticed and went to find Professor Toure's classroom. He saw no
one on the way there and no one when he arrived. For a moment he thought
he had been the victim of a prank, yet once he left the class he found
Hermione standing in front of him. She nearly had him jumping out of his
skin.

"Viktor."

"Hermione? Vat are you doing here?"

She looked around as if she expected someone was following her, and
pushed him back into the classroom.

"Viktor, you have to tell me right now, and be completely honest, did
you or anyone from Durmstang attack Voldemort last night?"

He blinked at her stupidly, then shook his head.

"Vat? Vat are you talking about?"

"You swear you didn't know?!" she demanded, her voice cracking, her
entire expression strained.

"I swear I didn't know he vas attacked until you just said it! Is dat
vat all dese Sentinels are here for? Is a var starting?"

She let out a shaky breath, relief washing through her. She shook her
head.

"I don't know. The Dark Lord was hurt, but I don't know how or how
badly. Lucius says you and everyone else in your party is being
investigated for the attack. He said I couldn't reply to your letter or
even speak to you, but I had to know for myself. You swear you had
nothing to do with it?"

"I svear. I svear on de blood of my ancestors, I had nothing to do vith
it and don't know who did."

She nodded. "I believe you. Oh Viktor, I don't know what to do. I don't
know what you should do. I don't think you're guilty, but I don't know
if that will be enough. I think Lucius *wants* you to be guilty, and
with the Dark Lord hospitalized he may have the power to manipulate it
so it looks that way. If you tried to leave now though, it could make
things worse."

Viktor said nothing for a long moment, and as Hermione watched him she
saw a sort of resolve come over him. She had seen similar looks on
Harry, and knew enough to scared.

"Hermione, there's something I need to tell you."

---

Tom stepped away from the classroom door. So, his elder half was
attacked and weakened? That was good. Very good, except for the fact he
wasn't in any position to take advantage of it. He didn't even know
where the other was.

More importantly, it appeared as if time was running out for the
Durmstang students and for him to get Harry safely out of Britain. He
had chaos and opportunity in equal measure. He needed to take advantage
of this opportunity before it was lost in the chaos. He only had a few
hours before he exhausted his control over McGunny's body and the boy
woke up, and he didn't know if he had enough time. Harry wasn't even
here, and if he forced the Germans to leave now, the Gryffindor would be
left behind.

Should he abandon his plan and come up with a new one?

It was still a bit early to throw in the towel. He would prepare things
just in case. When Harry showed up, he would see if he had the time to
take advantage of this rare opportunity. He needed to write a letter.

---

Harry trailed beside Snape as they walked towards the castle. The car
hadn't been allowed passed the village without Lucius' there to order
it, so they had been forced to get out and walk the rest of the way.
Lestrange had stalked on ahead of them, her determination to seem
superior to them having the opposite effect, but Harry was glad she was
no longer near by. He was still exhausted, which was perhaps the only
thing keeping him from breaking down into an anxious mess, and if it
weren't for the man's hand on his shoulder he probably would have nodded
off and pitched himself into a ditch. The silence stretched between
them.

"Professor."

"Yes?" he replied curtly.

"I..." his words died. He didn't have the courage to speak them. He
didn't have the strength for the kind of confrontation it would cause.
"Never mind."

"Are you ill, Potter?"

Harry looked up at him, but the man was watching the road to make sure
neither of them wandered through one of hundreds of sloshy pools that
littered their course.

"No. I'm just tired."

There was a thoughtful moment of silence.

"Does it take a lot of your magic... to do what you do..."

"You mean... the rituals?"

"Yes."

"... Depends on the ritual. Sometimes I feel really strong afterwards.
Other times, I can barely move. This last one... it was hard."

They walked a little further in silence, and then, out of the blue, and
out of character, Snape said, "He's going to be fine. You're both going
to be just fine."

Harry stiffened under his hands, and suddenly stopped moving. His bright
green eyes found Snape's black ones, and there was such maelstrom of
emotions there that the man couldn't identify even one. Was it hope?
Horror? Disbelief? Anger? He couldn't tell, and if tried legilimens to
find out, he was sure his own mind would be bashed to pieces. Then Harry
turned away, and just nodded.

"I hope so."

They continued up the road towards the castle.

---

From Voldemort's office, Tom watched the road as Snape and Harry slowly
made their way to the castle. Their timing was perfect. He had just
finished his letter. Turnis was waiting impatiently on the Dark Lord's
desk, shuffling from foot to foot. Tom had chosen him specifically, know
he was the most talented of the Hogwart's owls.

"Take this..." he said, tying the letter to the bird's leg. "... to
Lucius Malfoy."

And with that, he opened a window and the owl flew through it before the
creepy boy simply tossed him out. He flew straight to Hogsmeade, and if
he had been a less experienced bird he would have simply followed the
railroad tracks from there straight to London, but instead he flew
straight to the Sentinel's station and through the window, which, like
with most wizarding building, popped open just long enough to let him
in.

A young Sentinel was monitoring the coming and goings of their floo
(official Court floos were the only ones that worked during a Red Alert
and were strictly regulated), and gave him an annoyed glance. There had
been almost fifty Sentinels and a dozen Brass Culties that had come in
through his particular floo and he was having a hell of a time keeping
track of it all without dealing with the mail as well.

He stomped over to it, and took a peek at the letter on it's leg. What
he saw made him pale. The envelope was black and on it there was a large
golden V. It was an official letter from the Dark Lord himself. But how?
Last he had been told the Dark Lord recovering from injuries
somewhere... but then, perhaps he had returned to the castle without
anyone knowing? Hogwarts was the man's home away from home after all. He
looked the letter over and cast a few charms to see if it was legit. It
checked out, and more importantly it was addressed to Chief Commander
Malfoy.

No way in hell was he going to be held responsible for holding up the
Dark Lord's instructions to the commander of the entire British army.

"Fine," he muttered and tossed some floo powder into the fire place. It
immediately changed color. "Go on then."

Turnis flew past him, straight into the fire. He did not like floos, but
he liked flying in winter even less and this was certainly the most
expedient route. A bit of floundering and a lot of soot later, and he
was spat out straight into Lucius Malfoy's office. And immediately was
hit by a Stunning Hex.

He really hated wizards.

---

​1. Ireland is thick with Fairy Folk. In my universe, Ireland was
basically pulled out of the sea specifically by the Fae so they could
live on it and claim the land their own. People eventually moved in, and
gradually so did wizards, but it's a very dangerous place for them. If a
witch or wizard isn't careful and doesn't protect themselves or their
children well enough, they can get snatched away or cursed or killed by
Fae who are still the dominant race. Mixed-bloods are common, usually
conceived through trickery or rape, and are persecuted as untrustworthy,
unstable, and even evil but in other ways greatly admired for their
power and often times for their beauty and charm.
