# Travelers From Near and Far

Harry couldn't say how long he slept, but he could guess about how deep,
for his last memory was of Luna smiling down at him in Voldemort's tent
and the second time he woke up it was to a considerably less happy
person scowling down at him in a hospital room.

"Honestly, Harry," Hermione snipped, "are you really this unlucky or
does someone have it out for you?"

He blinked up at her, blearily, and then slightly less blearily when she
put his glasses on his nose. Surveying the room, white, cold, and
smelling of antiseptic, he wondered how much of what he remembered
really happened and how much was the result of some sort of head trauma.
He sat up, and she handed him a glass of water. He drank nearly all of
it.

"How do you feel? No one has been telling me anything, except that
you're suffering from exhaustion... and that I shouldn't kiss you. Why
would they think I'd kiss you? Honestly! I even looked through your
chart- I hope you don't mind- but it just says they're running some
weird tests I've never heard of. At least I know you don't have
lycanthrosis. Your test came back negative for that, you'll be happy to
hear, but they still want to keep you under observation just in case.
Uncle Severus won't put up with it for much longer though. He hates
hospitals, and doesn't like being in them any longer than necessary, so
you'll probably get out when you can walk around unassisted. With all
that sleeping you might be a bit stiff and weak. If you want I can get
you nurse to get you something to make you more comfortable. Or perhaps
you'd just like to get home. They wouldn't let you keep Inana in the
hospital obviously, but she seemed worried we left her at the house. I
mean, not that I can really *tell* when a snake is worried or just
hungry-"

"I feel fine, thanks," he interrupted her, afraid she'd pass out at any
moment from lack of air. He peeked under his blankets to make sure he
had pants on, then moved his legs onto the other side of the bed. "What
day is it?"

"Wednesday."

Only the second day after the full moon? That wasn't so bad. He stood
up...

"The first of July to be-"

...and fell to the floor. Oops. It seemed he'd miscalculated his
inactivity by nearly a week.

"Harry!"

Shakily, he climbed back to his feet. "I'm fine. Not to worry. If I hurt
myself, hey, I'm in a hospital. Where better to do it?"

She gave him a disapproving look, but he just smiled at her. Her
sternness melted away, and she raced around the bed to hug him tightly.
He heard a suspicious 'snuffling' sound, but couldn't be sure she was
crying or not with her head at his shoulder.

"Idiot. I don't want you to get hurt at all."

Awkwardly (it was so different hugging a witch than it was hugging a
werewolf!), he hugged her back.

"Don't worry, Hermione, I didn't get hurt. I wasn't in any *real*
danger. It's just exhaustion. Partied a little too hard and all that."

She pulled back from him, glowered at him as if she'd never stopped, and
poked him in the chest.

"I don't doubt it. How much had you drunk when you decided *that* would
be a good idea?"

He followed her finger, which had pulled aside some of the lapel of his
hospitable pajamas to expose a sliver of red on his chest. Rushing to
the bathroom and the nearest mirror he could find, he lifted his shirt
to get a better look.

"Bloody hell!"

---

"Bloody hell!" McGonagall cursed, right in the middle of transfiguring
plain wooden chairs into overstuffed reading chairs. The disruption
caused the semi-padded chair to break out into splinters, making it
resemble a giant pin cushion rather than anything one might want to sit
on. Flitwick sighed, turning from the stain glass windows he had been
charming against drafts. He had been waiting for this moment since they
had first been assigned the rather dubious honor of making the newly
reconstructed wing of the castle inhabitable for their foreign guests.
He was himself a bit resentful of having his precious free time impinged
upon, but McGonagall seemed to be taking it as an intentionally
vindictive act rather than a security precaution.

"What is the matter, Minny?"

"Do you really have to ask?"

"No, but I have the feeling you really need to tell."

"What are we doing here, Filius? We're teachers, not interior designers!
They could have pulled in half a dozen university students for a summer
job, and been done in a week."

"That isn't true, and you know it. There are many perfectly good reasons
why we should be doing this and not some kid fresh out of the dorm," he
said gently, trying to placate her.

Her response was to kick her transfigured monstrosity across the room.
"If you give me that same load of crock about the school's safety that
Lestrange was dishing out, I swear I won't talk to you for a week."

"Of course not. There are other even better reasons why we should do
this. Not the least of which is because this castle recognizes us and
our magic. Hogwarts hasn't accepted this part of the building into its
magical matrix again since the attack. It will take time, but
considerably less time will be needed if the area is saturated in magic
of one of its own residence."

She looked slightly mollified, but not entirely convinced. Sensing her
wavering conviction, Filius decided to add a bit of humor to the
situation.

"Besides, you should be honored. In a way, we can now be counted as
among the schools founders. Think of it Minerva, you could have your own
House. McGonagall House, house colors will be orange and copper, and the
mascot will be a cat. Flitwick House shall have purple and pewter, and
the mascot will be a goat."

Her expression had turned stony, and for a moment he hadn't made a
mistake, but then the mental image of what he had just suggested seemed
to really sink in, and the muscles in her cheeks started to twitch until
they'd pulled back her lips into a smile and her shoulders shook with
suppressed laughter.

"Alright," she said, "But I get to keep Potter, Granger, and LeFoy."

"As long as I can have Diggory, Boot, and Allbright."

"Diggory and Allbright aren't even Ravenclaws!"

"I know, but in Flitwick House, persistence is the defining character,
not curiosity. I've never seen a pair of *boys* that persistent in
trying to prove themselves, and since you've already taken Granger..."

She chuckled. Turning about, she seemed to regard the plain room with
considerably more enthusiasm, and a bit of the old mischievousness that
Flitwick could remember from when she herself was a student.

"You know, if we're going to have our own Houses, this end of the castle
would be the the *perfect* place to start."

---

A month after his hospitalization, Harry was relieved to be celebrating
his birthday with the knowledge that the full moon brought nothing
stranger than the ability to see perfectly (and that meant without his
glasses) in the dark, some rather bizarre eye shine, and giddiness that
resulted in insomnia during the full moon. Voldemort had actually taken
the day and the night of the full moon to visit the house to record his
observations. The Dark Lord seemed to find the results amusing (or
perhaps laughter was contagious because Harry couldn't keep a straight
face the entire time). Snape, who had stayed up to see what sort of
madness he was housing under his roof, had drunk an entire pot of coffee
and didn't find the situation funny at all.

Snape had been snippy the entire month Harry had been home, and at first
he had thought it was because the potions master was nervous about his
condition. Nothing had improved after the full moon, however, so he
suspected there was something else bothering the man. Of course, once
the full moon was over, Harry had an entire list of other things to
worry about himself, and hadn't bothered looking into it. He had spent
so much time just working to appear unaffected by what had happened for
his friends and coworkers (who knew he had gone on a vacation with the
Dark Lord, just not what that entailed), that he had neglected not only
what remained of his homework, but also what he was going to do for the
new school year. The foreign exchange students were only a small part of
it.

This year, he had *elective* courses.

Lots of elective courses to choose from. Lots of electives he should
choose, but couldn't without another body and perhaps Hermione's brain.
Intro to Magical First Aid (a definite), Intro to the History of
European Magic (which seemed a good idea if he continued to work at the
Ministry or didn't want to seem a complete idiot in front of the
exchange students), Care of Magical Creatures, Fundamentals of Spell
Design I, and Celtic Magic and History I (the closest he was going to
get to a formal education in pagan magic without following the Dark Lord
around every day). The thing was, he could only take two electives on
top of his core classes. Which was why he celebrating his birthday in
Daigon Alley with Draco and Hermione by brooding over a piece of
chocolate cake.

"For the love of Merlin, Potter," Draco said in exasperation. "If you
wanted white cake you should have just said so."

The three friends were tucked into a corner booth in a trendy little
restaurant a block away from the main shopping area. They were taking a
break after shopping for some non-academic essentials (owl treats,
underwear, candy, etc.), their potion supplies (which the waiter had
eyed resentfully when they were being seated), and some sporting gear
for dueling club (and quidditch even though Hermione said it was
pointless if they weren't going to be playing for the year), before they
finished the day at Banikey's Books for their writing supplies and text
books. Harry had to decide and decide quick what classes he was going to
take.

"I *like* chocolate cake," he snipped, and shoved a giant piece of it
into his mouth to prove it.

"You do seem a bit glum," Hermione said, grimacing at his chipmunk-ish
cheeks. "Is everything alright with your godfathers?"

Harry waved off her concern while he finished chewing.

"Yeah, they're fine. I told you about the boots they sent me, didn't I?"

He doubted they had forgotten. The boots were black leather, bronze
fixings, and lined in the softest black mink. They were charmed so that
they left wolf prints rather than boot prints when you walked in snow or
mud. The Malfoy siblings had both been completely envious. Remus had
kept his word. They were the best damn boots in Britain.

"Then what is it?"

"Nothing serious," he assured, "I just don't know what electives I'm
going to take this year."

Hermione sat up straight, and Draco let out a pained moan. "Oh, no
you're going to get her started again. She's been driving me nuts about
this all summer."

"Do you have your school list?" she said, ignoring her brother. Harry
pulled out his list, and handed it to her. He'd already scratched out
the supplies he'd bought and the classes he wasn't interested in, but
that still left a lot undecided and undone. Hermione eyed his selections
critically, and Harry smiled and took a more enjoyable bite of his cake
as he imagined he could see the endless aisles of books that lived in
her head shooting out reference materials like canon balls to decimate
his latest problem. This was the obvious solution, but truthfully he
preferred fixing his own problems. Kyle Reicher's lesson on friendship
had been learned, but sometimes it was hard to break old habits.

"Why on Earth did you cross out Magical Theory?" she said,
disapprovingly.

"The Fundamentals of Magical Design covers the same thing, just with
more practical application," he pointed out. "I like classes I can
actually *do* magic in, not just *think* about. Didn't you say I was a
kinetic learner, or something?"

"*Kinesthetic* learner, and yes, I did. Fine. I see you put a star by
Magical First Aid. So you've decided on that one? A good choice."

Draco snorted, "Especially for *you*."

Hermione continued as if he hadn't said anything.

"I don't know if Uncle Severus bothered to mention that all 'Intro'
courses are only one semester long. So that gives you Introduction to
Magical First Aid and the only other 'Intro' course not crossed off
is... Introduction to the History if European magic. That leaves three
classes to choose from. Can I ask why put down Celtic Magic and
Culture?"

"I'm pagan," he said simply. "I'd like to know what that means."

"Yes, but are you a *Druid*?" she said a bit condescendingly.

"Not yet. I don't have a definite religion right now, except that it
involves lots of spirits and gods and rituals and running around naked."

"Maybe I should join."

Hermione slapped her brother on the shoulder.

"Anyway, Druidism is the closest thing I can find to what I am, and I
know most of the rituals Voldemort performs are spoken in Gaelic, which
they teach in the class. It's more of a commitment than the other
classes though. If I want to take the entire course, I have to start
this year and follow it all the way through my seventh. That means I
won't have as many options for electives every year."

"Considering you had all summer to figure out courses for *this*
semester and haven't figured it out for yourself, that's probably for
the best," the Slytherin pointed out. "Although, I'll admit it's fun
seeing you indecisive. Just like watching Hufflepuffs try to play poker
or Uncle Severus sit next to Lestrange."

Hermione gave a long suffering sigh. Harry reached across the table and
patted her hand comfortingly. "There, there. He'll be married off soon."

"Hey!"

"Well then, you should probably take the Celtic class. Care of Magical
Creatures would be fun, but academically useless unless you want to go
to Beastiary School, and you can still take three years of the
Fundamentals of Spell Design later. The fourth year of that is actually
a university level class, but you'd still have a better quality course
at a *university*. What do you think?"

"I think you're a genius, and a bow before your superior wisdom."

"Don't encourage her."

Before she could come up with a clever retort of her own, Snape strode
into the restaurant. Not being much of a cake person, he'd left them
there while he ran some of his own errands with explicit instructions
for them to wait till he came and got them. They weren't expecting him
for at least another half hour, and once they'd spotted him, Draco and
Harry raced to finish their cake before he actually reached the table.

"Why Potter, I see you're passing on your remarkable skill of of
inhaling food rather than eating it to Draco. Thank you, so much," Snape
remarked blandly. Harry had a come back, but after swallowing his cake
and downing half a glass of milk, his timing was off so he didn't even
bother.

"We weren't expecting you back so soon," Hermione said. "I hope
everything went well."

"I'm not actually done. Barnikey's Books seems to running low on some of
their stock. I thought I should come and get you before they ran out and
we'd have to search for them in Glasgow. Hurry up."

They paid their tab, and hurried to the book store. The store was full,
but not crowded this early in the month, but a gaunt man with graying
hair and gnarled hands was arguing with the store clerk and holding up
the line. Harry thought he heard the man curse in German, but before he
could investigate, Snape was turning him back towards the aisles with a
look that told him pointedly to stay out of it. The text book shelf was
looking alarmingly bare, and the three of them split up to gather their
core class books, collecting three of the same subject at a time and
then came back together to exchange between them.

"I got the last three books for Transfiguration. They were completely
out of both the new and the used, after I left," Hermione said
breathlessly. With their core classes out of the way, they now had to
search out the harder to find elective course books. "I wonder what's
going on? I've never heard of Banikey's being short before. Don't they
get an inventory list from the school?"

Harry thought he might know what had gone wrong, but he hadn't told his
friends about the Triwizard Tournament, and bringing it up now seemed a
good way to get yelled at. Instead, he watched Snape watching the German
man at the counter, still arguing with the clerk, who was becoming more
and more flustered as several people had abandoned their selections and
just left.

"Bloody hell, Harry, I hope all these books are for all four years of
the class," Draco said, drawing his attention back to the book shelves.
It didn't take Harry long to see what the Slytherin meant. 'Celtic
Culture' took up an entire book shelf, not because of its popularity,
but because of the sheer number of books the course required. Looking at
his supply list, he grimaced, and wondered if he had made the right
choice. Even Hermione looked surprised, until she started reading the
titles.

"Oh... well, I think I get it. When they say they called it Celtic Magic
and *Culture*, they weren't kidding. There's two books on the actually
magic, but there's five books dedicated just to the culture aspect.
Language, history, art, philosophy and religion, law and social order.
They're being very thorough."

"Yeah, that's one way to put it," Harry groused. His list required all
seven books, but at least Draco hadn't been wrong about the books being
for all four years. The only other Celtic books he'd have to buy over
the next couple of years were more advanced language books. None of the
books were small or used, and Harry grimaced at the thought of his
student loan as he eyed their prices. He wondered if Voldemort would
cover the cost as his 'teacher', or if he wasn't going to have to be
more frugal with his summer earnings.

They got the rest of their books and headed towards the line. A manager
had finally come out and was now on the receiving end of the German
man's tirade, but at least the harried clerk could now attend the other
customers. This still left Harry plenty of time and proximity to
overhear what the problem was.

"Vat is going on here? Vat kind of éstablishment doesn't have enougs
books to sell? Is my money not good enoug for you? Is sat it? Herr
Barnikey von't akzept money from a forener?"

And on and on the man went, the manager unable to break in with his
repeated 'Sir, please's and 'Of course not's. Snape was still just
watching, and Harry asked his friends to hold his spot in line while he
spoke with him.

"You're not going to stop him?" Harry asked. Snape rolled his eyes.

"Why should I? It's the manager's fault for not ordering enough books. I
know for a fact that we sent him the correct inventory. He must have
thought there was error."

"Maybe it is his fault, but that guy isn't making anything better for
himself or anyone else by carrying on like that."

"'That man' is your new Dark Arts and Defense teacher for the year,
*Professor* Oblitz. He's Durmstang's Dark Arts teacher and was the World
Dueling Champion in '83 and '87. I recommend not crossing him. Get back
in line, Potter."

At the mention of Harry's name, Oblitz suddenly went very quiet, and
slowly turned around. Snape met his regard with deceptive calm, but
Harry knew better. He could *smell* the rising magic coming off of the
potion's master, an earthy smell like decaying leaves in fall. Neither
man moved for a moment, but Harry felt uneasy. He had seen werewolves
act this way before in their beast forms, and it was never a good sign.
A tight, unpleasant smile came across Oblitz's face, and his pale blue
eyes found Harry, but quickly returned to Snape.

"I hadn't realized a fellow professor vas here or else I wood greeted
you sooner. Good morning, sir. You must be Professor Snape."

"Indeed, I am," he said, equally unpleasant. "It's a pleasure to finally
meet you in person, Professor Oblitz. Though it seems I've interrupted
you at a bad time."

"They are short at last sixteen books my students require. It seems
someone has made a mistake." Something about the way it was said, made
the statement sound very much like an accusation. And that accusation
was that the 'someone' was Snape or else someone else at Hogwarts. Harry
felt himself bristle. Perhaps Snape sensed it, because he placed a firm
hand on his shoulder, though he didn't look away from the German.

"Not to worry, Professor. Mr. Potter, what do you think might be done to
solve this dilemma?"

Harry was startled from his anger. Snape did this sort of thing in
dueling club all the time, interrupting matches or coming up
unannounced, disrupting ones mindset and forcing it to think and work
differently without a moment's notice. It took only a few seconds of
fumbling for Harry to remember he'd already known what the solution was.

"Ah... the store has a guarantee. If it doesn't have a book, it'll order
the book for you and deliver it to you without charging the delivery fee
within five business days. I'm sure the manager would be happy to do it
for you," he said, and then added under his breath, "... if you'd let
him."

"Yes, *yes!*" the nearly forgotten manager said, looking massively
relieved.

"There now. No problem the strong mind of a fourteen year-old couldn't
solve, isn't that right, Mr. Potter?" Snape said, still keeping his eyes
locked ahead of him. Harry looked cautiously between the now vaguely
superior potions professor and the stiffly furious dark arts professor.

"I'm going to go check out my books now."

---

Ginny was weeding the garden, while Abe went about chasing knarls and
sling shotting them over the wall nearby when she spotted their visitor.
The Burrow was a small and out of the way place, and company was rare
and usually during holidays and weekend afternoons. Being an ordinary
Tuesday morning, Ginny decided that man riding towards them was strange
enough that she should forewarn her mother and aunt.

"Mum, Auntie Sue, there's someone coming," she said from the doorway,
knowing better than to enter while still covered in dirt. She was lucky
the both of them were making jams that day, instead of out back in the
orchard. The Burrow had originally been an orchard farm that had gone
into disrepair after Segundus Weasley left it to his town bred nephew,
Arthur Weasley, but Molly and Suzanne had grown up on a farm, and with
so little work to be found in town, had made work and money for
themselves right at home. They did a lot of the labor themselves, but
hired some squib families to help them out during the growing season.
They normally would have been out in the orchards with their hired
hands, but a large order for Walapple Jam[^67-1] had kept them indoors for
the day.

"Who is it, Gin?" Mrs. Weasley asked, but Ginny just shrugged and went
back out. "Stay here, Sue. I'll check it out."

Ginny and Abe were both at the garden gate, watching the rider cantering
towards them. It didn't take them long to notice he had bright red hair.

"Bill!" Ginny called, and ran out of the yard to meet him, and Abe
followed after her. William Primus Weasely pulled his horse up short,
and hopped down to meet them, throwing open his arms so they could jump
right into them. Molly Weasley, never one to miss an opportunity with
one of her 'lost boys', wasn't far behind.

"Bill, Heaven's Blessing, what are you doing here?! And my word, what
are you wearing in your ear?" she exclaimed happily, wrapping him up in
a hug. He laughed and fingered the pearly white bauble hanging from his
ear.

"It's a dragon tooth. Charlie sent it to me. The ladies love it."

"*Wicked*," Ginny said, and Abe nodded his agreement.

"Told you so."

Molly Weasley sighed, the Procter family had taken care of her son for
the short time before his graduation, and though she didn't doubt they
were good people, she thought they'd given him a bit too much leeway as
a teenager. She never would have let him leave the house thinking
*teeth* were a fashion accessory or that men should ever wear earrings,
unless they happened to be pirates. No point crying over spilt potions,
she supposed.

"What are you doing here, Bill? Aren't you suppose to be in Ireland?"

"Boss pulled me back early. Government contract, and he said he wanted
the best he had on it. Abe, could you go tie up Picakatte before she
wanders off?"

They made their way back into the house (sans Abe who went to do as
requested), spelling themselves clean as they stepped inside. Sue smiled
as she spotted the eldest Weasley brother and kissed him on the cheek.
It took her a moment to realize Molly looked upset.

"A government contract? You said you didn't involve yourself with the
Court. You said they only wanted curse breakers so they could steal
other peoples' property."

"Yeah, I meant that, but this is something else entirely. I'm going to
Hogwarts."

"Hogwarts?!" Ginny said excitedly. "Are you going to be a teacher?"

Bill bulked at the very notion. "No! *No!*Nothing like that. It's for a
some big project they've got going. I can't talk about it, yet. It's all
hush-hush, but the gist of it is I'm there for safety."

"Are you helping with the expansions on the castle?" Molly asked,
immediately relieved. She *hated* what he did for a living, even if it
was honest work, but this sounded like it might be safer than his other
jobs.

"Er... sort of. I really can't talk about it. I just thought I'd let you
know I'd be around for a while, and might actually be able to stick
around for Christmas for once... and thought I might ask to bum a room
for a few weeks?"

Molly smiled. "I'll be happy to have another of my boys home for a
change... as long as you take out that awful earring."

---

One year, three months, and twelve days after his 'murder', Tom landed
on roof of the tallest tower in Hogwarts, took a long look around at the
surrounding country and decided it was time to get to work.

---

August 28th was circled in red on Fleur's bedroom calendar. Behind it
was a trail of red 'x's that ran from the 27th all the way back to the
1st. The picture on the calendar was of an Irish Blue[^67-2] swimming across
a lake; the sky, lake, and dragon barely discernible from each other.
Fleur thought it very appropriate that morning, but standing on the
perfectly manicured lawn of the Beauxbaton's she wasn't really in much
of a mood to enjoy the subtle irony.

The entire school had shown up to see them off, along with everyone's
parents, the media, and even the royal family. With all the hugs and
goodbyes and photographs and speeches, it all felt suddenly very
permanent. Which was ridiculous.

It was only nine months, and she'd be back.

Madam Maxime had promised.

---

Viktor, as had become the norm at Durmstang, was the first of his
classmates to enter the ship atop the perpetually frozen lake of
Durmstang valley, but even he had to wait out in the frigid wind for
nearly hour. Ambassador Schwartzman had been the first person to board,
followed by Headmaster Minz, a slew of other officials, and by the time
he and his classmates had been given the go ahead, they were half
frozen.

His classmates, used to the constant cold, laughed it off with jokes
that they might actually have a pleasant weather for once in Scotland.
Viktor didn't say anything, but let them have their fun. Pleasant
weather was about the only good thing he imagined he'd find at Hogwarts.

---

"Where the bloody hell are we?" Draco muttered looking around what
should have been the Hogsmeade platform. All of the students looked
equally confused, and some rather alarmed, but their teachers were all
there to greet them and start ordering them to follow. Harry, Hermione,
Draco, Clyde, Ron, and Ginny stayed close to one another, as they had
since the trip had begun (mostly to crowd out hangers on and 'fans' from
trying to invade their compartment and their personal space), pulling
their luggage behind them and wondering where they were.

"I think we're actually in Hogsmeade," Clyde said, "There's Zonko's Joke
Shop and the Three Broom Sticks is over there. There's just... *more*."

And indeed, there was 'more'. Townhouses, grocery stores, an owl post
station, a livery, what looked to be a large garden park, and several
other things that all ended up making Hogsmeade nearly five times its
original size.

"Do you suppose they're ahead of schedule for starting up the
university?" Hermione asked. "Maybe it's for all the new students and
professors."

"Um... actually, you're sort of right and sort of not," Harry started.
He wasn't supposed to talk about it per Snape's instructions, but now
that they were actually *at* school, it seemed kind of silly to keep it
secret any longer. "Have any of you ever heard of the Triwizard
Tournament?"

---

Hermione and Draco, as Harry predicted they would, yelled at him for the
entire ride up to the castle, and would have kept on going if everyone
else hadn't gotten bored of listening to them and asked them what the
Triwizard Tournament actually was.

"The dumbest idea anyone could come up with and still have it held in a
school," Hermione groused.

Ron smirked. "Sounds like fun if its got the walking library up in
arms."

"Says the talking brick," she said under her breath. Draco quickly gave
out an explanation before they could really get into it. Ron didn't look
so enthusiastic afterwards, but Ginny and Clyde did.

"I've never met a French person before," Ginny said, interested in
meeting people from places she considered 'exotic'. "Do you think any
are from Paris? Are they going to wear their own uniforms or will they
have to wear ours? Are they going to get sorted like us or have dorms
for themselves?"

"I wonder if anyones going to get eaten." was about as deep as Clyde's
thoughts went on the subject, and the rest revolved around bloodshed in
name of sports.

The Great Hall was noisier than usual, even for the Welcoming Feast,
everyone gossiping and wondering about the newly expanded Hogsmeade.
Harry and company all looked around for the new exchange students, but
it seemed none had arrived yet. The only even slightly unusual thing was
the presence of the Dark Lord, Professor Oblitz, and an unknown woman at
the teacher's table, and even that wasn't *that* unusual. The evening
proceeded in the completely usual way as well, with the Sorting of the
first years and the welcoming of the new teachers. It wasn't until it
was time for the school year announcements to be made, that the ball
finally dropped. Voldemort took the podium.

"Hogwarts, for the first time in many, many years, is opening its doors
for the sake of international outreach and education..." and went on to
explain what was actually happen, what it would mean for the students,
for Britain, encouraged them all to be hospitable to their guests and
set a good example, and of course ended with a threat of what would
happen if they did not. "... including the rest of your immediate family
and any pets you might happen to have."

The utter silence that followed assured the Dark Lord that the message
had been understood. Even Oblitz looked appropriately stunned. Voldemort
let his expression soften into something less terrifying, and gestured
towards the door.

"I know you are all hungry, but I would like you to walk down to the
North 2nd Floor corridor so that you might witness the arrival of the
Durmstang and Beauxbaton students."

No one, of course, disobeyed, and within minutes everyone was crowding
around the windows and waiting for them to arrive. While they were
waiting, Harry caught sight of an unmistakable figure out on the lawns.

"Hey, I think I know him."

"Who?" Hermione said, looking where he was pointing. "That man? Is he
really as big as he looks?"

"Almost ten ft. tall. I've seen him carry a full grown horse like it was
house cat."

Draco looked utterly horrified. "Where do you meet these people,
Potter?"

"Hey, look I see something!" someone cried nearby, "In the sky, between
the two mountains."

"It's a bird you nitwit," someone else shouted.

"No it isn't!" Hermione shouted, "Look it turned sideways! It's a
carriage and horses!"

There were gasps and 'oohs' as the carriage drew closer and closer, and
grew large and larger, until it finally it landed beside the lake. The
horses were so large they made even Hagrid look a bit small, but the
half giant still managed to wrestle them to a standstill. The carriage
was opulently decorated in gold lief and an emblem was carved into the
carriage door. Several attendant, dressed to match the carriage, hopped
down to open the door and pull out a stair case, and then assist the
several girls that climbed out. And women. And one GIANT woman. Then a
handful of boys and men.

"Whoah... is that lady even going to fit through the front door?"

There were several snickers, but it didn't last long before they were
distracted yet again.

"Look at the lake! It's boiling!"

"It's not boiling, it's freezing!"

It seemed to be doing both, bubbling madly before settling into a solid
sheet of white. The ice spread to about twice the size of the quidditch
pitch before it stopped at the very edge of the shore. There was an
enormous cracking sound, and the still ice exploded upwards as a great
ship burst from its surface, coated with ice and seaweed.

"I'll give them this," Draco said, "Foreigners can certainly put on a
show."

Harry just nodded his head in agreement.

---

Fleur was happy to have landed, although she could have done with out
the crowd of students gawking at them all like a flock of simpletons.
She could also have down without the realization that 'castle' and
'palace' where not the same thing, for though Hogwarts was magnificent
architectural achievement (a thousand years ago!), it in no way compared
to the splendor of Beauxbatons.

She was an adventurer, however, and wouldn't let her consternation show
over something as minor as the quality of the rugs, or how little light
there was, or how plain the decorations were... no, she'd just smile
sweetly, and demonstrate how *cultured* people looked and behaved,
because clearly these people needed it.

They briefly saw the Durmstang students, who looked even more brutish
than the Hogwarts ones, but luckily didn't have to talk to them as they
were escorted to their dormitory by a teacher whose name she thought
sounded like the gargling sound one makes before spitting out
mouthwash[^67-3]. At least the dorm was fairly nice. The room was open and
airy, with enormous windows looking out over the lake. They'd made a
definite attempt with the Baroque style furniture, the white washed
walls, and the abundance of elegant purple, but the whole affect was
sort of ruined by the abundance of pewter goats inlaid into the doorway
and the fire place.

Oh, what she sacrificed for her country.

---

Viktor wasn't entirely sure what to make of Hogwarts at first glance. It
was just as magnificent as Dumbledore had described, and even the reign
of a tyrant did nothing to diminish its magnificence both inside and
out. The children who had looked out at him when he arrived didn't look
any different that those back home, perhaps they even looked a bit
friendlier. He wondered, perhaps if the young had been mostly spared the
corruption of the Dark Lord. Sheep didn't need to be, and preferably
weren't, wicked in nature after all.

He wasn't given much time to think about it before he and his classmates
were escorted to their rooms to freshen up before dinner. He took one
step into the common room and got a rather curious surprise. Jophery,
his closest friend, came in right behind him and let out a startled
laugh.

"They have sent uz to live inside a giant pumpkin, *mein Freund*. Zat or
they like to zelebrate Halloween early here. I've never seen so much
orange in my live."

---

[^67-1]: Wallaple is like an apple, only the core has a nut similar to a
walnut. Both nut and pulp are edible, and most recipes include both
parts of the fruit.

[^67-2]: Dragon. I mention Harry seeing one in the first book.

[^67-3]: McGonagall.... gargle gargle... :)

Extra special thanks to Swanpride for her help with the German accents!
Otherwise I would have insulted several countries in the course of
writing this chapter. :)
