# Treaties

"You understand, of course, that if you do this, there is no turning
back," Voldemort said solemnly. "You may look the same and think the
same and feel the same, but your soul will be different. The Christian
God will never accept you. Your fate will be tied to the whims of the
Earth."

Harry nodded. As much mental anguish as his spiritual debate had caused,
he could see no way for him to turn back. With the opportunity to save a
life, one he could never reunite with on the other side, the decision to
pursue paganism was made that much simpler. Beside him, Sirius remained
unconscious, gray skinned and cold to the touch, but stubbornly taking
one wheezy breath after another. On the other side of Sirius, Remus held
his hand, and sat so perfectly still he seemed as much a part of the
Healer's House as the rows of pallets and shelves of herbs.

For them, Harry would officiate his decision and accept the consequences
that would follow. Sirius, who was surely suffering far more than he
would just holding his tenuous grasp to life, deserved no less.

"Very well," the Dark Lord said, the hint of a smile, of pride, sneaking
into his tone. "I will make preparations. Stay here and listen to the
Healers. Eat when they tell you to, rest when they tell you to. You will
need your strength."

The Dark Lord left, so only Harry and his godfathers remained. The rest
of the healer's patients had been moved, none being as seriously injured
as Blackbone, not even Jackal with his cracked ribs and broken jaw.
Remus sported injuries of his own, a gash across the face that had
nearly taken his left eye being the worst of it, but came out of the
fight relatively well considering. The healers cleaned and bandaged his
wounds at the same time they had tended to Blackbone, the beta refusing
to be separated from his alpha.[^66-1]

Harry had watched it all nervously from across the room. Luna had come
with him, sitting him down on an empty pallet, and tended to the cuts
and bruises he hadn't even realized he'd acquired in his haste to find
Sirius. His feet were cut up pretty badly, and she had sat on the floor
with a basin to washed them. He didn't recall much of what she had
actually done while watching the elder women and the odd omega male
stitching Sirius back together, but he did remember at one point that
she had painted honey onto his feet.[^66-2] She'd explained what it was for,
but he'd been distracted by a keening sound from across the room before
she was half way through it.

She and the healers had all left with the Dark Lord's arrival. He had
performed a few healing rites of his own, ignoring Remus' suspicious
glare, and by the end of it Sirius lay more peacefully, if not any
better. Now Harry was alone with them, and not at all sure what to say.
Remus seemed to need his attention the most at the moment.

"It's going to be okay, Moony. This will work."

His godfather looked up at him, his expression pained.

"I'm so sorry, Prongslet."

"Remus?"

"I'm so, so sorry. I know it's horribly selfish and unfair of me to
expect this of you. That I should tell you that you don't have to do
this. It's not your responsibility. Sirius made his decisions and I, as
his mate, failed to protect him. This is all our own fault, but I
can't... I can't ask you *not* to do this. I don't think I could forgive
myself if you didn't and he died."

The beta looked away, covering his eyes with his free hand, the other
not leaving Sirius' for even a moment. Harry reached across Sirius, and
placed his hand over both his godfathers'.

"Oh, Moony, please don't start crying. No one can seem to hold it in
today, and I'm so tired of the tears. You don't have to feel bad about
this. You have no idea how happy I am to be able to protect *you* for
once."

"I'm still so sorry. Especially after what Sirius said... you know he
didn't mean it, don't you? We both love you like a son."

Harry smiled weakly, even though Remus was still turned away.

"I know, and when we get through this I expect a full apology... and a
pair of leather boots. A really nice pair of leather boots."

The beta choke out a laugh, rubbing away the tears before looking back
up at him. He looked awful, battered and exhausted, but the hopeful look
in his eyes was all Harry needed or wanted. It was his turn to finally
make things right for once.

"You'll have the nicest damn boots in Britain, Prongslet, I promise."

---

A night and day passed, and Sirius' condition did not improve. Harry's
magic had prevented an infection in the stomach wound, but there were
plenty of other wounds that hadn't been treated quickly enough, and now
the man was feverish and refused to awaken. Voldemort had come and gone
only twice since obtaining Harry's approval for Sirius' unconventional
treatment, and the most he was willing to do for the injured man was
cast a calming spell to ease his sleep. The fever he deemed necessary to
fight off the infection, and potions would only complicate an already
delicate situation.

Harry tried to take comfort in the Dark Lord's confidence that his
godfather would survive, but it was hard to remain optimistic with the
pall of death lingering over the entire hut.

"You must eat, Seeker," one of the Healers instructed, handing him a
bowl of fruit. He ate because that was what Voldemort had instructed him
to do, but the smell in the confined space and constant buzzing of flies
had robbed him of his appetite long ago. The Healer, a formidable alpha
female, eyed him critically. "Then you must go take a walk and get some
fresh air. At least two laps around the field, and then you can come
back."

Now, Harry hesitated, looking to Sirius and Remus, who remained
dutifully by his side. The beta looked back at him, and smiled a little.
"It's fine. I'll keep an eye on him. Go stretch your legs."

Reluctantly, he left the hut with his fruit and started towards the
field where the performances were held. Even from a distance he could
see the platform had been torn apart and burned sometime the night
before. Outside the air was hot and smelled of food and flowers and
people, and though it was a great improvement from the stale, musky
scent of the healer's hut, Harry felt ill at ease.

He was distinctly aware that people were watching him, and not just the
casual observation he was used to, but people actively moving around and
following his movements. When he turned to see exactly who was staring
at him, no one even tried to pretend they weren't. Their expressions
were strange, not entirely aggressive, but definitely tense.

He stood staring back at them for over a minute, waiting for someone to
do or say something, but no one approached him and eventually he walked
away.

"Dammit, what is everybody's problem?" he muttered, not caring if anyone
heard. The walk to the field was uneventful, but he received a bit of a
surprise when he arrived. Voldemort was there, instructing several
werewolves as they began the assembly of two large cages. Harry
suspected they were for the ritual, but since he hadn't asked for
specifics (he really didn't want to know exactly how much this was going
to hurt since he'd already decided to do it regardless) he had no clue
exactly what (or possibly *who*) they were for.

There was a very obvious pause in the work when Harry approached
Voldemort, but an annoyed snap of the Dark Lord's fingers reminded them
who they were working for and they returned to their task. The man
sighed and smiled indulgently. Harry felt his annoyance rise. He wasn't
expecting him to care about his godfather, but he really wished he
didn't have to act so *ecstatic* about how all of this was turning out.

"What's got you so chipper?"

If Voldemort noticed his irritation, he ignored it completely and
grinned even more mischievously.

"Why shouldn't I be happy? We're making history tonight. This is a thing
of legends."

"If it works," Harry pointed out.

"It will work."

"How do you know if this is the first time it's ever been tried?"

The Dark Lord smirked, and pointed towards a holly grove where the
goddess possessed Diana stood watch. "I consulted her first."

Harry supposed that was something, but he didn't feel wholly reassured.
Diana's goddess had been in possession of Luna during the last solstice,
and he still didn't know how much of the attack that night was Luna's
doing or the goddess'. What happened tonight might leave him a werewolf
or at least with Lycanthrosis or perhaps with something completely new,
and that might be her intention. If this was a trick and Sirius died, he
thought he might be capable of murder... divinity or not.

He changed the subject before his thoughts grew too dark.

"What's with everyone acting so weird? I've never seen them this
interested in anyone but Greyback."

"They may be barbarians, but they are aware that you're doing something
very special. Something to protect one of their own, even though as a
wizard, you are an ancestral enemy. You are an enigma to them."

"You're not their enemy."

"No, but I serve only myself, and they know that."

"Well, I wish they would stop."

Voldemort ruffled his hair. "Eat and then go take a nap. We'll perform a
ritual cleansing a few hours before sunset and make our final
preparations."

"Yes, Teacher," Harry said offhandedly, wandering off. He failed to
noticed Voldemort's surprised and then pleased expression. He hadn't
even thought about the fact that this was the first time he'd used the
honorary title on the man.

---

When Harry stripped off his clothes for his 'ritual cleansing', which
truthfully wasn't anything more than a shower under a waterfall to wash
off his paints, he assumed he was actually going to get them back.

"Is it really necessary that I not have *any* clothes?" he asked,
pointedly not looking at Diana as she painted him yet again, this time
with a mixture of blood and oils, or Voldemort as he took detailed
notes. The delivery of parchment and potions that afternoon via Elsbeth
had led to a flurry of activity that left Harry reeling after a day and
a half of nothing but waiting. This resulted in Harry being rushed from
the Healer's hut to Voldemort's tent to ingest a variety of nasty herbal
concoctions, the sacrifice of a dove (which was unpleasant but not
nearly as psychologically jarring as killing the sianach had been), his
shower in the great outdoors, and now standing around naked not far the
field while the goddess-possessed child had her wicked, artistic way
with him. Spirals and stars and the moon in all Her phases painted with
his godfather's blood covering every inch of his body.

*Every inch*.

"I mean, is a pair of shorts too much to ask for?"

"Yes."

"Why?"

"You're starting to whine, you realize that I hope?" the Dark Lord said,
not looking up from his notes.

"I'm not whining. I'm... *learning*. Isn't that what apprentices are
suppose to do? I just want to *learn* why I have to spend the night in
the buff."

The shaman sighed. "You said you didn't want to know the details."

Harry didn't speak for several minutes after that, although anyone could
hear him squirming and yelping when Diana 's brush descended below his
naval. The Gryffindor nearly screamed like a girl and ran away right
there. After a minute of the most violating experience of his young
life, she moved on to his legs and he could actually breath again.

"I'm not going to get raped, am I?" he blurted out.

"A little late for bringing up that *particular* concern, don't you
think?" Voldemort asked sardonically.

"It just now came to mind."

"You should be happy to know, that no, you will not be rape or involved
in a sexual act of any sort once the ritual has begun. In fact, I would
highly recommend avoiding touch of any kind. Hence, the lack of
clothes."

"Mm... How much longer? It's starting to get dark."

And probably chilly too, but he was burning with too much embarrassment
to notice something like that.

"A half hour until sunset. A little under an hour until moon rise. How
do you feel?"

"Naked? And kind of itchy."

"Don't scratch or you'll get the blood under your fingernails. You'll
end up giving yourself lycanthropy if you draw blood with your
fingernails. It's bad enough that you have so many cuts on your legs and
feet."

Harry started to ask how the Dark Lord had gotten so much blood out of a
nearly dead man to begin with and why he would scratch himself bloody,
but then thought better of it. He'd ask for an in depth explanation
after everyone got through the night. Anything before that would
probably just make him more nervous, and he was already anxious enough
as it was.

So he had to stand there, embarrassed, itchy, and pointedly not thinking
about what was going to happen while the blood dried and the Dark Lord
took pages and pages of notes. It didn't help matters that he was nearly
blind again after washing off his paints.

A rustling sound, distinctly not the sound of Voldemort's parchment,
drew his attention and as blind as he was, he still caught the movement
of a large form. Feeling even more embarrassed than before, Harry
pointedly turned his body away.

"We're ready for you," came Greyback's guttural voice. "We've already
moved Blackbone into position."

"The Healers gave him the potions?" the Dark Lord asked.

"Yeah, though how you can call that swamp muck anything other than
poison is beyond me."

"I don't expect you to understand, but I couldn't very well take anymore
blood without replenishing what little was left. Slivermoon has taken
the Wolfsbane Potion?"

"He's ready, just like everyone else," the alpha growled impatiently.
There was a tense silence, and Harry could feel the man's gaze fall on
him. "You ready, boy?"

As embarrassed as he was, Harry still bristled at the challenge in the
werewolf's tone.

"Yeah. What the hell took you so long?" he snipped.

Greyback just snorted, and walked away. Voldemort stood, folding up his
papers and quills and placing them in the folds of his robe. He took
Harry by the arm and lead him in the direction Greyback had gone.

"Since you seem so eager, we should head over now. I still have an
incantation to perform and than we must secure ourselves before the moon
rises."

The walk to the field was incredibly awkward for Harry, who could feel
people staring at him again, and though most of them were as naked as he
was, they could actually *see* him. Their attention only made him
itchier, and his hands shook to scrape away the drying blood and oil
from his skin. The closer they came to their destination the more
werewolves appeared, crowding in around them though never so close as to
touch, and the simple stares were supplemented now with sniffing and low
keening sounds.

They broke through the trees, and the masses parted before them to
create a path leading to the area Voldemort had cleared earlier. As
Harry drew closer he could make out the bars of the cages. There were
two of them and they stood side by side with about a yard between them.
One of them was completely empty, but the other was carpeted in deer
hides and instruments and...

"Sirius?"

"It's all right, Harry."

"Remus?"

His godfather moved from Sirius' side to his, and reached out to touch
him but hesitated when he saw there was no place he hadn't been painted
in blood.

"I'm here. I'll be here through the whole thing. I promise."

The Dark Lord ignored Remus and lead Harry into the cage.

"We haven't much time. Kneel here. I am going to be speaking in Gaelic,
so when I ask you a question you will agree by saying 'aontaìm' and when
I remove the wolf spirit from Blackbones' body, hold out your arms and
say, 'tagaimid'. Do you understand?"

"Aontaìm. Tagaimid," Harry repeated, tasting the words and nodded. He
knelt on one side of Sirius and Voldemort stood on the other. Luna
appeared out of the periphery of his vision, bearing the staff the Dark
Lord had foregone up till then. If Harry weren't embarrassed before he
certainly was now. He had only glanced at here briefly, and she was
quite blurry, but not so blurry that he didn't realize she was also
naked.

Voldemort struck his staff on the ground the werewolves around them
quieted. Another strike to the ground, and they stilled completely.
Another strike and then another and another. And then earth shook, not
with magic, but the with the force of hundreds and hundreds of feet
stomping down, picking up the rhythm where the shaman's staff had left
off. Voldemort took the staff in both hands and lifted it above his
head, the werewolves continuing the drumming beat around them.

"Deathair, mac tìre," the Dark Lord began, continuing on, chanting to
the rhythm in words Harry didn't understand, but felt against his senses
like the summer breeze, laden with strange scents and the promise of
storms. "... beocht fuil?[^66-3]"

The Dark Lord look down at him expectantly, and the beat pulled from him
the word with perfect synchrony.

"Aontaìm."

The itching against his skin intensified, prickling like a numbed limb.
And the Dark Lord repeated his incantation, the rhythm beginning to
increase.

"Aontaìm."

A shiver run up his spine, then another, sending waves of prickles up
and down his body.

The chant switched to different lyrics, faster and faster, the urgency
of the summoning carried in the Earth, beating like a heart beneath him.
A black haze slithered out of Sirius' mouth, expelled in a series of
choking gasps. Harry couldn't see what it was perfectly, but he was
close enough to get an impression of the spirit. It wasn't like the
delicate holly spirit, drifting about like an aerial jellyfish, but
shimmied about purposefully, like a sidewinder, on the ground but barely
touching, sliding in and out and over and under Sirius' body, nervously
seeking shelter.

Harry held out his arms to it.

" Tagaimid."

---

"Harry!"

Ginny sprung up in her bed, her terrified cry echoing in her little
bedroom. Through her open window she caught sight of the moon hanging
fat and yellow, staring down at her like the bestial eyes from her
dream. She recoiled, her hand slipping off the side the bed, and tumbled
on to the floor awkwardly. Her foot caught the nightstand and knocked it
to the floor with a resounding crash.

She had not even righted herself when the door to her room burst open.
To her mortification, it was Abraham who caught her with her knickers in
the air.

"Gin! What's the ma- Eep!" he quickly turned his eight year old self
around and back the way he had come. A moment latter, her mom and aunt
stumbled in, curlers in their hair and wands drawn. Thankfully, she'd
managed to get her knees under her and righted her nightgown.

"Ginny, what happened?!" her mom exclaimed, flipping on the light.

In her little bedroom, surrounded by her books and photographs and
hand-me-down bricabrak she felt all kinds the fool, the yellow eyed moon
now nothing more than a celestial bauble, far removed from anything
relevant to her. She looked up at her mom and aunt's worried faces, and
blushed with embarrassment and shame.

"N-nothing," she said, "I had a bad dream and fell out of bed. I'm
sorry, I didn't mean to wake you."

Her Aunt Suzanne sighed in relief, and luckily didn't seem to be overly
bothered by the impromptu wakeup call. You could never be too sure with
Suzanne. She had inherited the same temper as her sister as well as her
red hair, and you never could be too sure when her maternal patience
would snap.

"I'll leave it to you, Molly," the woman said and walked out. Through
the door, Ginny could hear her talking to her own son. "She's fine Abe.
Go back to bed."

Ginny groaned. Abraham might have been too startled right now to make
much of a fuss, but she could just imagine the ridiculous songs he would
be singing in the morning to commemorate her less the elegant fall. She
used to think having older brothers was a real pain, but having a
younger brother was ten times worse. Even if he was just her cousin,
they had lived together since he'd been nothing more than bulge in his
widowed mother's tummy, and the familiarity bred familial contempt.

Her mom helped her to her feet, and even though she really didn't need
it, Ginny let her tuck her back in. She could tolerate a little babying
after waking everyone up in the middle of the night. Of course, her mom
wouldn't let it go at that.

"It sounds like a pretty bad dream. Do you want to talk about it?" She
said it very casually as she righted the night stand, and returned the
nick-nacs to their proper place, but Ginny blushed and looked away.

"It was just a stupid dream. A monsters under the bed kind of dream."

"Monsters under 'Harry's' bed?" she asked knowingly.

As if she couldn't get anymore embarrassed. "... I'm just worried about
him. He said he was going to visit his godfathers at the werewolf
colony. I'm sure he isn't visiting during the full moon and his
godfathers will protect him and everything, but... It's just a stupid
dream."

Her mom smiled comfortingly, walking towards the window to look at the
moon outside.

"It's a evil sort of moon. I'm not surprised you're having bad dreams."

She closed the curtains, blocking it from view.

"All better. If you're worried about your friend, you should write him
in the morning. You'll definitely feel better."

Ginny thought about it, hating how childish she felt being worried over
nothing and having her mom coddle her. But... she had been feeling
strangely anxious all week, since she'd last seen Harry at one of their
dueling tournaments. He had been so excited to be seeing his godfathers,
seeming to forget completely that he'd be surrounded by werewolves. Even
though he had told her he wouldn't be visiting until after the full moon
when they'd be at their most mild, she couldn't help but feel his
expression had been strangely stiff when he'd said it.

"...okay. Just don't tell, Abe. He's going to be unbearable enough as it
is."

"You have my word. Goodnight, dear."

"Goodnight, mum."

Mrs. Weasley smiled and kissed her forehead, smoothing out her bedsheets
before finally turning off the lights and heading to bed. With the
curtains closed her room was dark as pitch, but strangely comforting
after the dreams of glowing eyes and bodies in the moonlight. Thank
goodness her mom hadn't asked for specifics. If she ever found out that
Harry had been *naked* in the dream, she doubted she would ever see
Hogwarts or Harry again.

---

Sirius woke to a full moon and howling. For several long minutes, he
thought he was dreaming or dead. His lifted his hand to his face and
stared through his human fingers at the Moon, and felt strangely unmoved
by the sight of Her. Dreams, he thought. Just dreams.

But pained, human cries found their way through the animal sounds,
frantic and tapping against his psyche persistently. Reluctantly, he
turned his head towards the sound. Bars and beyond that werewolves,
pacing excitedly, snapping and clawing at his prone form but too far
away to reach. It sounded like they might have gotten something...
someone, but no, if they had gotten someone that person would have been
dead and eaten long before.

A scuffle broke out, one moderate-sized werewolf tenaciously chasing
three others away, and it took him only a moment to recognize Remus. The
significance of the cries suddenly made itself known to him.

"H-har..." he coughed, unable to speak with his sandpaper tongue.

"Yes."

He was too weak to immediately turn his head, but his eyes found
Voldemort's readily enough. The great snake was right beside him, and he
felt himself tense at the proximity and his own helplessness. The Dark
Lord merely smiled coldly, and made a gesture back to where he had been
looking before. Remus was busily chasing away anyone who got too close,
and through his efforts Sirius could just barely make out a naked form
writhing on the ground a short distance away behind another set of bars.

"I had to tie him down," Voldemort offered, "Taking possession of your
wolf knocked him flat, but once the full moon rose he was ready to crawl
out of his own skin. It's a good think I thought ahead."

Sirius was confused, but he hadn't the strength to question and really
his only care was that his godson was suffering. Sensing the injured
man's distraction, the Dark Lord took Sirius by the chin and forcibly
turned his head back towards him.

"I know you're very tired, Blackbone. I know you're very weak, but I
need you to concentrate for just a few more minutes."

Sirius glared at him, attempted to growl but only ended up coughing
painfully.

"Now, now, don't be like that. I've done you an incredible favor. I've
saved your life. I've obtained you a pardon. With Harry's help of
course."

Voldemort sighed, and tilted his head as Harry's distress faded into a
long moan. Around them, several werewolves broke out into long mournful
howls, mingling their songs with his.

"You owe us both a great deal, Blackbone. He suffers now to save your
life, and I risk losing my precious apprentice to obtain your pardon.
I'm going to collect the compensation due to us, one way or another."

Sirius didn't really understand why he was even alive or looking at the
full moon as a human or really anything beyond the point that this was
all somehow Voldemort's doing and he was going to pay a terrible price
for it. The thin blanket that had been placed over his body, was pulled
back so that the Dark Lord could retrieve his hand, and he felt a quiver
of fear and revulsion at the touch but hadn't the strength to pull away.

"You owe us a life debt," the Dark Lord continued, "And that debt will
be paid with an Unbreakable Vow."

Dread came over Sirius like the touch of a Dementor, cold and consuming.

"N-never..."

Voldemort's expression didn't change, and he didn't look surprised in
the least. With complete calm, the dark wizard covered Sirius' mouth
with his hand and pinched his nose shut. His eyes widened, and he tried
to lift his arms to fight him off, but they were weak and the monster
had always been so very strong.

"Then you die, and all that Harry has suffered will be for nothing, and
I have my apprentice all to myself once again. Slivermoon won't last the
year, I suspect, deprived of both his mate and his godson. Greyback will
continue his rule completely unchallenged until his strength fades
enough for some weaker alpha to finish him off, and I will pull the
leash on your people as I always have. But what do you care? You'll be
dead. Absolved of responsibility. Reborn as a shit eating worm or
something else equally appropriate."

Voldemort removed his hand, leaving his prey gasping weakly, struggling
to to retrieve the oxygen he had lost.

"Or you can promise never to raise your hand against me in war or to
allow any under your authority to do so, either. I believe my price is
quite cheap considering. I'm not asking that you to be my ally,
Blackbone, I'm just making sure you can never be my enemy."

Sirius glared hatefully, wishing more than anything that he were a wolf
right then, and tearing the other man to tiny meaty pieces. But all he
had left to him were two impossible choices. To live as another one of
the Dark Lord's pawns or to abandon everyone and everything he cared
about to the creature's mercy. Staring up at the monster's amused red
eyes, he was ready to choose death, but he could hear Harry's voice
drifting towards him, soft, tortured sounds and Remus whined softly on
the other side of the bars, pacing helplessly to and fro. He knew he
couldn't just leave them. He didn't know what Voldemort's pawn could do
to protect them, but it would definitely be more than his corpse could.

As if he'd read his mind, and that was actually quite likely, the Dark
Lord's mouth curled back into a wicked grin.

"There's a good dog."

---

The next morning was quiet. Exhausted men and women stumbled to the
nearest shelter they could find, curled up with whoever else they found
there, and fell asleep. Sirius was unconscious again after the Dark Lord
forced half a dozen more healing potions down his throat, and once the
door to the cage was open Remus drug himself inside to sleep beside him.

Voldemort was feeling quite energized, however, his latest magical
experiment a resounding success so far. All that remained was to make
sure that Harry was alright. The boy was more exhausted than anyone, and
didn't so much as stir when the Dark Lord lifted him up into his arms
and carried to his tent. Predictably, the tent was partially destroyed
by the night's activities, but nothing left inside was breakable, and
after kicking out a few sleepy pups it suited his purposes just fine.

"Is he alright?"

He turned to see Luna standing in the doorway of his tent, naked as
could be, mud covering her hands and feet and forest debris sticking out
of her hair. Something about her struck him as charming, so he indulged
her.

"His breathing and heart beat are strong, but of course he's exhausted.
And dirty. I'll know more once he wakes up."

She nodded once, and wandered off. Thinking that was the last he'd see
of her for a while, Voldemort flipped over a torn pallet to its
undamaged side and laid Harry down. He went back to the field to
retrieve some of his possessions from the cage, and when he returned
Luna was back. Her hands were clean, although she hadn't bothered fixing
her feet or hair, and she had pulled on a cotton tunic. She had brought
food, drink, some blankets, and a bucket full of water.

"You're tenacious, I'll grant you that," the Dark Lord remarked,
settling himself a short distance away in order to watch her as he
reviewed his notes. "But I hope you realize, he isn't for you."

Leaning over Harry, she gently washed his face, unperturbed by the man's
presence.

"He's not for you, either," she said. If she had sounded smug or
accusing, Greyback's daughter or not, Voldemort would have smacked her
and thrown her out, but there was only a dreamy sort of observation in
her voice.

Instead, he merely said, "I could argue with you, about that."

---

Greyback went in search of Luna late that afternoon. He'd slept away
most of his post-transformation drowsiness in his own house, and in the
course of finding himself something to eat, had become aware that a
member of his family was absent. His adopted daughter, though
remarkable, was the most fragile of his children, and it was with some
unease that he went out in search of her.

He didn't have to search long. His suspicion that she might have
followed Harry was proven correct when he found her sharing peaches with
the Dark Lord. The wizard was cutting up pieces of fruit, and when
Greyback entered he offered some to him.

"Hungry?"

While meat sounded better, he wasn't going to turn it down.

"Thanks." He entered the tent and found a place to make himself
comfortable, taking a quick inventory of the space. Harry was wrapped in
a blanket, deeply asleep and smelled a little different, but otherwise
seemed okay. There was a place beside him composed of ruffled blankets
where Luna must have been napping. The Dark Lord himself was situated
nearby, but Greyback thought he must have wandered the entirety of the
tent throughout the morning. "So did it work?"

Voldemort smirked.

"Almost perfectly. Blackbone didn't transform at all, and I managed to
wrangle an Unbreakable Vow from him, as well. You will have your
successor Greyback, and you will never have to fear war between our
peoples for as long as he rules."

The Head Alpha nodded once, not revealing exactly how much of a burden
had truly been lifted from his shoulders. They might be allies, and to
some extent even friends, but that didn't mean the wizard wouldn't call
on a debt if he thought he could get one.

"*Almost* perfectly?"

The Dark Lord's cockiness faded a little.

"There was an unexpected... side effect."

He made a gesture towards Luna, who turned to Harry and pulled down a
portion of his blanket. The blood had all been cleaned away, but an
expanse of flesh on Harry's chest remained marred with a red crescent
moon.

"It won't come off. I suspect it's tattooed into his skin and will never
come out. Magic of this magnitude frequently leaves magical scars, but I
hadn't anticipated this. There is no way of knowing if or how it may
have affected him physically or magically. I do know he's not a werewolf
or even contracted lycanthrosis. I checked him for possible spirit
possession, but the only spirit in his body is his own."

"Mm. Fascinating."

The Dark Lord made a rude sound. "It might be. He's been touched by a
wolf spirit and by the Moon Goddess. His fate may now be linked to that
of your people, if it wasn't already."

Greyback yawned, climbing to his feet. "I'm sure I'll care more
tomorrow. We'll talk more then. Right now all I want is about ten pounds
of meat and a half a galleon of beer. Come on, girl, your lover boy will
still be here tomorrow."

Luna looked down at Harry for a moment, shrugged, and followed after her
father. Voldemort let them go with a wave of good-natured disgust.

"Last time I try to have a meaningful discussion about magic with a wild
dog," he muttered.

---

"Padfoot," Remus growled as his friend cautiously stretched himself out.
Sirius had woken up looking much better than he had in days. He was
still sickly looking, but his skin was now just pale rather than gray,
and the infections had all but disappeared. The wound to his stomach was
still an ugly mess of stitches and scars, but even that looked better.
After an afternoon of being hand fed fruit, broth, and well ground
pieces of meat, some of his strength had returned as well. "You're in no
condition to wander around. Lay down. I'll go and check on Harry myself
and then come back."

"I'm fine, Moony. Besides, I need to talk to him myself," he said,
trying to find muscles he could stretch that wouldn't pull at his
stomach wound and having little luck. "I put it off long enough."

"He might not even be awake yet, and if he isn't, you shouldn't wake
him."

"Or he's awake and wondering why his asshole of a godfather hasn't come
to visit him after saving his life. Give it a rest, Moony."

"You know I almost preferred you comatose," Remus muttered, lending his
shoulder for Sirius to lean on. Sirius smirked, and hobbled his way out
of the Healer's hut. It was vaguely embarrassing to be so weak out in
public, especially when those few werewolves actually out and about
watched him so intently. A few started to approach them, but Remus gave
them a warning growl and they quickly backed off.

"You know they may have just wanted to wish me well."

"They probably did, but you said you wanted to talk to Harry and I'm not
making you stand around in this heat because they feel chatty. If they
want to talk to you, they can do it while you're laying down."

Sirius rolled his eyes, but didn't argue. He was happy just to have his
beta talking to him, and having him actively *mothering* him was more
than he could ever have hoped for. Dying, or in his case *almost* dying,
had brought things into perspective very quickly for a lot of people.
Sirius, in particular, was seeing things clearly. He could now even list
his revelations in order of significance.

Being alive was a lot better than dying.

Remus and Harry loved him more than he deserved, which was why being
alive was so important.

He needed to be more careful with his actions, since he wasn't the only
one affected by them.

Voldemort was still a \#& [^66-4]\#&\$! , and deserved to die horribly, but
he wasn't going to be the one to bring it about.

And speak of the devil, there's the giant snake now, slithering out of
his den. Elsbeth was perched on his arm, a scroll attached to her leg,
and after finding an open space with enough room to take off, flew from
his arm and into the sky. The Dark Lord watched her until she
disappeared, then his crimson eyes slid over to the two approaching
guests.

Sirius could feel his hackles rising, but reminded himself it was
pointless. He wasn't here for him anyway.

"Is Harry awake?"

Voldemort said nothing for a moment, simply looking at him as if he
hadn't spoken, then looked back at the tent as if to consider.

"Sort of. You can have ten minutes."

Sirius was very tempted to snap at him for thinking he could limit his
time with godson (never mind that he technically could and did so
regularly), but settled for an annoyed glower and let Remus lead him
inside the tent. Both werewolves grimaced at the strong smell of incense
as they entered. They waded through the haze to the prone figure laying
beside one wall.

Harry was wrapped in a blanket, despite the day's heat, and his eyes
looked bruised with exhaustion and his face smooth with sleep. It was
jarring to see him so exposed, so vulnerable, so very, very young. They
were both used to seeing him alert, focused, and self-possessed. Even in
a crisis, when everything was falling apart, Harry had always retained
some sort of strength. Magically or intellectually or psychologically or
all at once. It had been a long time since either man had really thought
of Harry as a child. He had become a young man in an even younger body
without either of them realizing when the transition had happened.

"Harry?" Sirius called softly, thinking perhaps the Dark Lord had lied
about Harry being even 'sort of' awake. Bright green eyes peeked out
between his slitted lids, staring up blearily at two unrecognizable
globs.

"Mmm?"

The werewolves shared an amused look. It might have been a while since
they'd seen Harry so childlike, but that didn't mean he didn't make a
cute kid. They sat down on either side of him, Sirius grimacing as his
wound was stretched in a new and particularly unpleasant way.

"Hey, Prongslet. How you feeling?"

"Siri...?"

"In the flesh, except of course for the few pounds Greyback took out of
it. Remus is here too."

"You did great, Harry. I'm so proud of you."

"Mmmm..." the boy sighed, his eyes drifting shut again and a smile
tugging at the corner of his mouth. "Tired."

"I know, and I'll let you rest in a minute," Sirius said, gently
touching his shoulder. "I just needed to say this to you, because it's
important."

"What is?" His green eyes drifted open again, trying to look serious but
just came out looking adorably pouty.

"I'm sorry, Harry. For everything. You were only looking out for me when
it should have been me looking out for you. I said a lot of stupid
things that I didn't mean, knowing they'd hurt you, saying them because
I knew they would. I'm sorry. All I've ever wanted from you was your
respect, and when I failed to earn it, I lashed out at you. And even
though I didn't deserve it you went ahead and... This is all my
fault..."

Sirius broke off, unable to continue. He wasn't prone to overly
sentimental displays of affection or grief, but he had never felt so
much regret for something he had done as he did now. He wasn't going to
cry, he wouldn't allow anyone so see such an obvious sign of weakness,
but he had to stop talking. Harry didn't do anything for a moment, his
sleepy green eyes just looking up at him, then slowly he lifted his hand
to lay on top of Sirius.

"It's alright. We're family."

Everything that needed to be said was held in those four words, and
having said them Harry drifted back to sleep as quietly and suddenly as
he had awoken. Sirius just stared down at him, completely flabbergasted.
Surely it wasn't *that* simple. Not after everything he had done, and
not after everything Harry had been made to pay for it.

Remus drew back his attention with a hand to his shoulder.

"Don't over think it, Padfoot. If he wants to forgive you that's his
prerogative. I hope you'll be able to do the same as well. Come on, we'd
best let him sleep."

---

After his godfathers left, Harry slept for several more hours before yet
another visitor disturbed him. He couldn't say what had woken him, for
Luna hadn't made a sound. One moment, he was dreaming he was drifting
quietly across a lake in a boat, and the next he opened his eyes to a
face so close that even *he* could recognize who it was without his
glasses. As startling as this was, his body was still much too weak to
allow him do anything more than blink owlishly at her.

The corners of her mouth pulled back to reveal a broad grin.

"You did it, Harry," she said, happily. "You said you'd try, and you did
it. Thank you."

Slowly, it dawned on him what she was saying, and gradually, he found a
smile of his very own to give back to her.

---

Alright, as gay as that might sound, they're not really homosexual. I
feel it important to reiterate it at this point, since it becomes
significant later. While I don't have anything against homosexuality, I
didn't see Rowling's Sirius and Remus as gay (indeed they showed a clear
preference for women), and I don't see any justifiable reason for making
them so just for this story. Even if they do make a delightful pair. :)

Honey is an ancient form of antiseptic. When it ferments, it creates
hydrogen peroxide, which stings like a bitch but is a magnificent
disinfectant. Hurray for the History Channel!

Real Gaelic words, but they don't mean much by themselves. Unless one of
my readers can actually speak Gaelic and offer up a niffty translation.
That would be awesome.

Harry and company return to Hogwarts next chapter! Plus, you'll all get
to see the nifty side-effects associated with his new tattoo.