# Treason

"Relax," McGunny said, appearing out of nowhere to sit beside Harry. He pushed
him further against the wall for more support. "You are having a panic attack.
Cup your hands over your mouth and breath slowly."

Harry did as he said, but he felt even more smothered than before and almost
immediately pulled his hands away again. McGunny grabbed his hands and put
them back.

"You're hyperventilating. You have too much oxygen not too little. Keep them
there."

This time he did as he was told, the older boy's authoritative voice was so
much easier to follow than his own hopelessly scattered thoughts. It helped
that he kept commanding him, 'Breath slower', 'Look at me', 'You'll be fine in
a minute'. And gradually, he could breath on his own again, his limbs still
trembled but he could think clearly. Which meant he realized how ridiculous he
was acting.

"Don't..." he tried, but his throat closed up on him and he looked away.

"Don't what?" McGunny asked, his voice still as commanding as before.

"Don't tell anyone... please."

"... You should at least see the nurse. This could happen again."

"*No!* She'll tell... if it's about me, she'll tell Voldemort or Snape, and I
can't... I can't be..."

"Calm down, you're going give yourself another fit. I won't tell any one. I
promise."

Harry nodded his thanks, and slowly got to his feet. McGunny kept a hand on
his arm to hold him steady but let go when Harry moved away from him. His
thoughts began to organize themselves, and he realized there was something
wrong with the situation.

"What are you doing here?"

"I heard Voldemort had come and got you and that you came back looking ill. I
was worried. Something bad happened, didn't it?"

Harry looked away. "Yeah."

"Come on, we both better get out of here."

They walked away, heading no where in particular but taking the least used
route to do so.

"Do you want to talk about it?" McGunny said after awhile. Harry shook his
head.

"Not right now... maybe after dinner I can..."

"We could talk about something else. Something that doesn't have anything to
do with the tournament."

"You mean, like for the biography?"

"Sure, maybe now would be a good time. You did promise me three sessions and
it's been three weeks already."

Harry ducked his head guiltily. It was true, he hadn't spared much time for
McGunny, and as busy as the Ravenclaw seemed to be he hadn't felt rude in
doing so. He was being polite, he had quite happily lied to himself. He really
needed to stop doing that.

"Okay."

They found themselves an empty classroom and transfigured some old desks into
an overstuffed reading chair and a small sofa. Harry curled himself onto the
sofa, while McGunny sat in the chair with the KeepSafe book and the magic
quill. It smacked of muggled therapy, but Harry was careful not to laugh.
After the panic attack, McGunny would probably skip Madam Pomfrey and take him
straight to St. Mungo's.

"Is there anything specific you would like to tell me about yourself or some
event in your life?" McGunny began. Harry shook his head. He wouldn't even
know where to begin. "Then you don't mind if I just start things off?"

Harry shook his head again.

"Alright. Would you tell me... what was life like before you knew you were a
wizard?"

"Before I was...? I don't know what you mean."

"You lived in Germany for half your life, believing you weren't magical in the
least. What was that like for you? What was school like? Were your parents
close? Did you have any friends there?"

Harry thought for a moment. It had been a very long time since he had thought
of his life in Germany, except for a few random moments of nostalgia when he
visited the Durmstang students or when Christmas rolled around.

"I was happy. I lived in Cologne with both my parents, in this tiny little
studio, and we didn't have car so we had to walked everywhere."

"What was the studio like?"

"We used curtains in the place of walls so there wasn't any privacy for
anything except the bathroom which was minuscule. And we had big, big windows,
like warehouses sometimes have, to let in light. That's why they say they got
the place. All that light to do their art in, and a view of the entire
neighborhood..."

Once he got started, Harry found he couldn't stop, the memories came out in
perfect detail. He talked about the noise from the little cars honking at each
other as they passed on too narrow streets, the daily drama of Claudia, the
neighbor next door who had more lovers than she had common sense, and how the
planes rattled the entire studio when they flew overhead.

He talked of the walks to school, his mother's hand in his, and walks to the
market and to the park and to the museums and to tiny little stores where
everything is made by hand right in front of you. He talked about his father's
inability to follow a manual and the half a dozen mishaps with the kitchen
sink, Harry's first bike, and the cassette player.

He talked about football games, school plays, sledding, his first and last
goldfish, art lessons, and a dozen other tiny things, of places seen, of
lessons learned, and the inexplicable moments that just stuck with him. And
when he had run out of things to talk about before it all ended in a moment of
pointless violence, he just sort of trailed off. He looked to McGunny, who was
leaning on one arm, just looking at him, smiling a bit amusedly.

"For someone who didn't think he'd get anything out of this, you certainly
displayed a lot of enthusiasm."

Harry turned away, pulling out his watch to hide his embarrassment. "How long
have I been talking?"

He read his watch and gaped.

"Impossible."

"Isn't that your specialty?"

"I'm sorry. I promised you an interview and all I did was rambling about
nothing."

"Quite the contrary, you paint a beautiful and vivid picture. You must have
loved that place very much."

Harry nodded, smiling a bit as he recalled it. Life wasn't perfect, but
looking back on it, it was the happiest and most care free time of his life.
He hadn't been special to anyone but his parents, who were the only people who
really matter at the time, and acts of heroism were acted out with swords made
from cardboard and the dragons were dangerous only in his imagination.

"Do you think you would ever like to return there?" McGunny asked.

"To Cologne?" Harry asked.

"Yes, to Germany in general perhaps."

"Maybe... yes. I want to return someday. I've wondered what it's like now. The
studio would be gone, the Dursley's sold it, but the neighborhood probably
isn't that different. I'd like to lay some flowers on my parents' graves, at
the very least."

"Maybe you'll have the chance here soon. Relations between Germany and Britain
seem to have improved over the last year."

"I hope so. I really do."

He let out a yawn, and rubbed his eyes. He was tired, physically and
emotionally. The interview had served as a good distraction, but he needed to
rest. He had exams tomorrow and essays, but there was no point in doing them
when he knew he wouldn't remember a single thing and truthfully it seemed
pretty trivial in comparison with other things he had to deal with. This once,
he would let it go and hope for the best.

"I'm going to bed."

McGunny nodded. "That is a good idea." He snatched the enchanted quill from
the page, where it had continue to write everything they were saying, and
closed the book. "Here." He handed the book to him, which Harry accepted. It
was surprisingly lite, but still sturdy in his hands.

"Thanks for... well, everything pretty much covers it."

The Ravenclaw gave him a business-like smile. "Think of it as a down payment."

"I'd rather think of it as you being my friend."

McGunny blinked at him, stunned. Friend? So suddenly? It wasn't something
Harry had ever offered lightly. Those few he had, he kept close, but no one
could figure out how he chose them. McGunny had secretly hoped for it, but
hadn't counted on it. After all, he had approached him not as a friend but as
a scholar. But that was Harry. How he chose his friendships and his loyalties
was as strange and mysterious as everything else about him.

"I... I would like that."

The younger boy nodded. "Goodnight then. And good luck with exams* tomorrow."

"You as well."

And Harry left for Gryffindor tower, while McGunny sat there and ruminated
over what had just happened. A delightful turn of events, and he would be
enjoying it immensely if it weren't for his god awful headache.

---
---

"You are excused from exams, Mr. Potter," Professor Vector said, handing him a
hall pass. Everyone turned to him, but none were as surprised as Harry
himself.

"What?"

"As the new school champion you are exempt from exams. No one told you?"

Harry's expression clearly said that no one had, and a few people broke out
into snickers, even as other glared at him jealously. The announcement had
been made during dinner the previous night, but he had missed it, talking with
McGunny and was rather glad that he had. It was bad enough trying get to his
bed with his entire house congratulating him and cheering him and just
generally sucking out all the energy he had left in him. Hermione, his angel,
had been the one to send the Weasley twins, his devils, to escort him to his
dorm. He couldn't remember what happened after he'd collapsed onto his bed,
but his boots were by his trunk, his glasses on his bedside table, and a
blanket had been thrown over him when Clyde woke him up the next morning.

"Well, you can always take the exam if you *want* to," Vector offered
cheerfully, causing even more giggles.

"Er... no thanks."

"That's what I thought. Here's your hall pass, though I doubt anyone is going
to stop you. Enjoy the day."

"... while you still can," someone called from the back, and everyone laughed,
except of course for Hermione.

"That isn't funny!"

It sort of was, Harry thought, in macabre sort of way. He shrugged it off,
took his pass, gathered his things, and headed towards the library. This was
one thing off the list of a hundred and twenty-seven he didn't have to worry
about, and he wasn't going to question it. He still had the other hundred and
twenty-six things left to do.

At the library, he received yet another surprise from Madam Pince. As he
entered, she looked up from a stack of books she was checking back in as if
she were expecting him.

"Headmistress Lestrange sent your pass already. I just need you to read and
sign the Risks and Responsibilities form and I can give you a key."

"I'm sorry?"

She looked him for a long moment, to see if he was being intentionally daft.

"No one told you?"

"It seems to have slipped everyone's mind. Now, what are you talking about?"

"You've been granted access to the Restricted Section."

"Oh."

The day was just full of surprises, and not knowing what to do about it at the
moment, he decide to leave it be. He accepted the release form to go over
later, and went in search of comfortable place to read. It didn't take long,
as there was no one to compete with for seating. He settled in an overstuffed
chair in direct sunlight, brought out *The Book of a Thousand Gods *from his
bag, and started where he had left off. Exactly two pages from where he had
started. Each god had exactly one page dedicated to them, which made his
current progress rather sad.

*A'achua. Goddess of Butterflies.*

No.

*Ababanon. God of Elm Trees.*

Eh.

*Adsullata. Goddess of Underground Springs.*

Better. Slightly. Kind of.

Five pages done. Only nine hundred and ninety-five to go. He let out a huff.
He should have taken that stupid Arithmancy exam.

---
---

He was woken from a deep slumber by a hand gently shaking his shoulder, and he
blinked blearily up at McGonagall who was looking at him with more than a
little amusement. He looked at his lap to see how far he had gotten.

*Cait'wain. God of Adolescent Girls*.

*God?* What was He doing with all those adolescent girls?

"Sorry to disturb you, but you have visitors," the Transfiguration teacher
said. This sounded rather dubious to Harry, and he must not have hidden his
thoughts well enough for she noticed. "I think you'll like these ones. I
promise no one from the press will be stepping into this castle any time
soon."

"Then who? I don't really know a lot of people outside of the castle," he
said, putting away his book. With any luck his visitors would turn into an
adequate distraction.

"I am not entirely sure who they are, but since they are a part of your
approved mailing list I assume you are on good terms with them. Their last
names are Reicher, two men and two young girls."

Harry nearly dropped his bag. This *was* a surprise! He certainly wasn't
expecting them to travel all the way from London to Scotland just to say hi.

"Perhaps you would like to get out of the castle for a while, and go down to
Hogsmeade for lunch," she offered.

"Can I? I mean, it isn't even a Hogsmeade weekend..."

She gave a dismissive shrug. "You'll be under the supervision of two adults."
There was a lot about the situation that made him think she was breaking at
least half a dozen rules for him, and he was reminded that she was in fact a
Gryffindor, and not just his teacher.

The Reichers had been placed in a room near the castle entrance designated as
a waiting room, with lots of stuffy chairs, extra portraits, twenty year old
magazines, and a few children's toys that Alyssa and Morgana were happily
ignoring in favor of pestering their fathers about castles and Harry and
dragons. They ran up to him the moment he arrived, and surprised him by
stopping to curtsy before they jumped all over him. He shook hands with Robert
and Kyle, made small pleasantries, and then conceded to the girl's pleads to
go out.

"Please, tell us about the dragon! Was it scary? Did it breath fire at you?"
Morgana asked as they took to the road. It was sunny, without wind, and
unusually warm still so they had all agreed to walk to Hogsmeade, hoping it
would take away some of the girls' excess energy.

"Yes. Very scary. She blew fire all over the place. Set part of the castle on
fire," Harry said idly. "Her tail was worse though. Covered in spines and one
swing could have sent an elephant flying."

This unexpected detail set off a whole knew set of fantasies and set off after
Alyssa, who squealed and ran ahead to escape her. When they were far enough
away, Robert set his hand on his shoulder to gain his attention.

"Are you alright?"

Harry gave him a wry smile. "Yes. Why? Did I lose a limb and everyone neglect
to mention it to me?" He made a show of counting all his fingers and touching
his ears and nose to make sure everything was still there. Kyle bopped him
upside the head.

"That's not what we meant. It's hard to believe, I know, but lawyers and even
their dashing assistants, know a thing or two about people put into extremely
stressful situations. It can cause problems that have nothing to do with the
body."

Harry thought about his panic attack and the latest rounds of nightmares
robing him of sleep, but didn't see the point in telling them about it. What
could they do? They weren't psychologists, and after today who knew when he
would see them again? In any event, they weren't ready to hear about the
centaurs or his religious quandaries.

"Don't worry about it. I've already talked with the school councilor. They're
making sure I don't go crazy."

Of course, the school didn't actually have a councilor but they didn't need to
know that. He was talking to McGunny who seemed to have some inkling of what
he was doing. Push came to shove, he could talk to Pomfrey and get some
calming draughts and anti-anxiety potions. Come to think of it, he could
probably make those himself.

"That's good," Robert said skeptically. "But if you need to talk..."

"I'll show up on your doorstep completely unannounced. I promise."

"We'll hold you to that," Kyle said, and that was the end of the conversation,
because Alyssa had run back to them and jumped into Harry's arms for
protection. He hefted her onto his back and pulled out an imaginary sword and
pointed it at Morgana, who was still growling and roaring at them like a
dragon.

"Cease, foul beast!" Harry cried out dramatically, "Thou shalt not harm thy
fair damsel!"

He charged after her and Morgana turned and ran away, laughing while Alyssa
giggled into his ear. The trip to Hogsmeade was a pleasant change of routine.
The entire village was decked out in Christmas decorations, and with the new
dormitories and houses there were many more people and many more decorations
and festivities than usual. Dozens of people stopped to wave hello to Harry,
including Ambassador Schwartzmann, who was taking a stroll, and a Sentinel,
who asked for his autograph. No one seemed to quite know what to make of
Harry's companions, but since they seemed to be there by Harry's own
inclination, no one questioned them.

The Three Broomsticks was busy, but Madam Rosemerta got them all a seat
immediately and was at her most charming, going so far as to give them all
some complimentary chocolate mint cookies and a free round of drinks. It was
vaguely awkward for Harry, but Robert and Kyle made jokes about similar
incidents they'd had while working for loftier clients, and some of their
stories were down right hilarious.

They talked and talked, and when food arrived they talked between bites of
foods (and in Harry's case used his potpie as a handy demonstration of basic
dissection techniques that would come in handy in potion's class, which
Morgana and Alyssa were less than pleased to discover was even worse than they
had heard), and talked some more, ordered a round of drinks, talked, took
turns to the loo, ordered desert, talked more quietly as the girls began to
nod off, and finally said their goodbyes in whispered tones as Robert and Kyle
hoisted up one daughter each and made their way to the floo. Harry checked his
watch and found they had spent almost four hours together.

He made his way back to the castle, feeling a sense of privilege being
welcomed to spend the afternoon in the company of a family so thoroughly loved
by one another that all the complimentary cookies and handshakes in the world
would never compare to it. His thoughts turned to Voldemort, as they
frequently did lately, and he felt a strange mix of anger and pity. The Dark
Lord did not care about people like the Reichers, and would as casually and
callously have destroyed them as he did Ulaithur and his family. The reason
for that was because he was missing a part of himself that allowed him to
empathize or even appreciate the special bonds that composed any relationship
that wasn't steeped in personal ambition.

Voldemort was an incomplete being.

This conclusion struck him suddenly and powerfully, dancing around in his head
as he made his way back to the castle alone.

He's incomplete.

Incomplete.

What was he missing? Why? How? And it stuck with him for several minutes
before it made a sudden leap to the real question he needed to be asking
himself.

What did he need to do to make him complete?

---
---

Viktor found McGunny after semester exams were over. It wasn't the Durmstang
champion's way of being considerate of the other boy's academic pursuits, but
merely the longest he could delay giving him an answer. He didn't know if
McGunny was taking the train home like almost everybody else or not, and two
weeks was pushing his luck if he were.

"For a spy, you really aren't very discreet. Anyone could have seen you there
and wondered what you were up to," McGunny said as Viktor stepped out from
behind a pillar. The champion didn't dignify him with a reply.

"I have spoken vith him. He is villing to help... if you can prove dat help is
necessary. Dat shouldn't be difficult for someone vith your supposed skill."

McGunny's expression was bland. He wasn't rising to meet his antagonism. "It
won't be. His medical records should have more than enough evidence to prove
abuse and extreme personal danger. Pomfrey's filling cabinet is no Gringotts."

Viktor didn't recognize the reference, but he got the point.

"Even dough I say he'll help... I zink I should add he'll only help if it
doesn't interfere vith da prime directive. Ve're not here to start a fight,
believe it or not."

McGunny's expression remained bland, but Viktor didn't think he believed him.

"I understand. It shouldn't take long for the Dark Lord's true intentions to
rear their ugly heads."

"And vat are you going to do now? He has offered to help you as vell, if you
vant it."

The Ravenclaw shook his head. "I'm not Potter. I have family here vulnerable
to the Dark Lord if my treason is discovered. Once I give you the proof you
need, we will not speak of this again. I'm leaving it in your hands."

Viktor nodded. That he could understand, and it made his complete manipulation
of Viktor and his country somewhat more forgivable. They walked away from each
other, neither looking back.

---
---

"What a horrifying and fabulous idea."

Harry sat across the fire from Brennan, their handmade lodge was almost half a
mile from the castle and a few extra silencing spells insured their privacy.
He clutched *The Book of a Thousand Gods*, anxiously waiting for the man's
answer. The idea he had formed on the road remained firmly planted in his
mind, and no amount of distraction, be it friends, homework, or his many
troubles were enough to dislodge it for even a moment. Even the many known and
unknown dangers that surrounded it, dangers to himself and to others, could
make abandon the thought.

"Is it possible?" he asked the old man. "Is there any way?"

"If you are looking for a specific ritual, then no. If you're looking for a
specific god, I know just the one. Here, give me the book."

Harry came around the fire, and sat beside him, handing him the book. Brennan
opened it and flipped through it briefly before settling on one page. He
pointed out a name and handed it back to him.

"Her. She is the one you need."

Harry read, and the more he read the more confused he became. He looked up at
Brennan.

"I don't understand... how can She help?"

"She is one of the very strongest goddesses you will ever encounter, and She
is far less likely to do you wrong than Her male counterpart. If She cannot
help you Herself, than there will be some other god or goddess in Her retinue
that can."

"But there is no ritual..."

"The ritual can be created by anyone, so long as it incorporates the four
basic elements of a ritual. The Protection, simply put the preparation needed
to protect the supplicant from disruption by human or inhuman interference,
the Call, the part of the ritual designated to gain the attention of the
specific god or goddess and make it known that your offering is dedicated to
them only, the Sacrifice or Offering, which is self explanatory, and the
Request, which should also be fairly obvious. It would not be difficult to do
this, but whether She would accept your request is the problem."

"You don't think the dragon's heart will be enough?"

"More than enough, but even She can not defy the Earth. If the Earth will not
allow it, it cannot be done."

"And the Earth would not allow this..."

Brennan let out a sad little laugh, and lifted his hands in supplication to
some unseen thing. "She may. For all we know, this idea is really Her idea,
and we are therefore obligated to carry it out."

"Is there any way to know?" the Gryffindor asked, feeling his frustration and
uncertainty mounting. He had come to Brennan because he had to. He had neither
the skill nor the knowledge to carry out this task on his own, but rather than
simplifying matters, the old man only seemed to complicate them.

"She will find a means to stop us if we are in the wrong. The ritual will
fail. An interruption will occur. There will be some sort of sign."

Harry nodded, and they fell into a long silence, staring into the fire
together.

"There are other dangers," Harry said at last. "If we're discovered... what we
intend to do to him would be considered an attack on Britain's ruler. Treason,
whether we succeed or not. They won't simply throw us to the werewolves."

"Torture," Brennan agreed, "Then death if we're lucky, Askaban if we're not.
If this works, I will consider it well worth the price, but I am an old man,
and my time in this body is limited. You on the other hand, have your entire
life ahead of you. A future that is bright and full of promise."

Harry shook his head. "Not if things stay as they are... Voldemort... he'll...
I don't know. I just feel like if he continues as he has... I'll go completely
mad. I'm part way there already."

A comforting hand landed on his shoulder, and Brennan gave him a reassuring
smile.

"I will help you, and am most honored to be allowed the opportunity. I will do
some research tonight and complete an outline for the ritual. Come back
tomorrow after the other students have boarded the train, and we can begin a
protection circle and gather supplies for the alter. If anyone asks who you
picked try not to answer, but if pushed tell them you have selected Condatis,
a powerful water god."

Harry nodded. A course had been set, and now there was nothing to do but let
it carry him along. He should have felt relieved, but he felt even more
anxious than before. Was he wrong? Did it matter? This was self preservation
at its most bizarre.

Weakly, he thanked Brennan, and left the lodge. The sky had turned gray, and
the days were settling back into winter, cold and dreary. He stood for a long
time just outside of the door, always just hair's breadth from turning back
and telling Brennan he had changed his mind. A sudden icy wind enveloped him,
causing him to cringe and pull up the hood of his cloak. The wind didn't die
down, and he found himself making a sprint for the castle and the shelter it
provided.

It wasn't until he was safely and warmly inside, that he realized he could
have more easily just have turned around and gone back inside the lodge. He
hadn't thought of that though. Hadn't thought of turning back to find
sanctuary, rather he had gone forward.

Perhaps that was the sign Brennan had been talking about.

Or maybe it was an ill portent of things to come.

---
---

"Ooh."

"Dare I ask?"

"Don't worry, I will not make you buy it for me," Fleur reassured him, smiling
mischievously. They were making their way through the upper class section of
one of London's finer shopping districts, on a 'not-date', filling their
Christmas shopping list quota. She had been given permission to visit London
for a day on the condition that she took someone who knew the city so she
wouldn't get lost. Bill had been handily available. He had gotten what he
needed within the first hour and between two shops, but Fleur viewed shopping
as a cultural immersion and would not be rushed.

They visited bakeries, novelty shops, antique shops, clothing stores, sporting
goods stores, a weapon's smith, two galleries, and where now passing through a
street dedicated solely to jewelry. The one that had caught her eye
specialized in restored jewelry five hundred years or older, and their display
was quite impressive. Manikins dressed as princesses and pagan warriors
adorned in massive pieces of golden jewelry, Celtic knots, ancient crests, and
ancient scenes of hunts and battles, wound their way around bodies in regal
sophistication which would otherwise seem garish by modern fashion.

"It iz funny," Fleur said, "Paris is considered ze 'ight of fashion nowadays,
but I would give my left foot for any one of zese pieces."

"I think they'd settle for half your bank account," Bill laughed. "I know
these people. I worked to remove curses on their stuff before. They fund
university expeditions to Ireland and Scotland to unearth old burial mounds,
and rob the dead. The universities keep the corpses and pottery, but they get
to keep anything really valuable."

"Zat iz awful."

"Yeah, but I doubt they'll be in business much longer. The Dark Lord is
already proposing a ban on the practice."

"No, I mean zat it iz awful zat you would burst my romantic bubble. You are a
boor."

Bill looked scandalized.

"Moi? A bore? Well excuse me, but it's harder than is sounds rustling up
dragons and centaur assassination plots. They're all very busy during the
holiday season you know. We had to book the last ones six months in advance!"

She giggled, and wrapped herself around his arm. They continued down the
street until the jewelry stores gave way to more novel stores, like the rare
plants store and an exotic apparel shop. They wandered into a rare books
store, and were greeted by what appeared to be a librarian who had more money
than fashion sense.

"Welcome, welcome! I am Bernard Wittlesmith, the owner of this establishment,"
he greeted them, removing his purple artist's cap from his bald head. "Now
which of you is interested in purchasing a book?"

Bill shrugged and gestured towards Fleur. He honestly didn't know why she had
chosen this particular shop. There were several other book stores they had
skipped altogether with a wider selection and probably cheaper prices as well,
but then she probably had a lot more experience with fancier shops like these
than he did.

"I was 'oping you 'ad some books on 'Ogwarts," she said, smiling at him in her
most charming way. "And perhaps ze Forbidden Forest."

"Ah! You must be Fleur Delacour! I have read about your exploits in the paper.
It is an honor to meet you," he exclaimed happily, and reached out to shake
her hand.

"You are too kind."

"Not at all. Please wait here just a moment, I have just the book for you!"

He scuttled off and disappeared behind a row of shelves. He hummed to himself
as he went, and when his humming was no longer audible, they both turned to
each other. Bill was annoyed.

"Isn't it the customer's decision what they buy?"

She shrugged. She was used to strange shop owners. The best shops tended to
have eccentrics running them, and it was often best to let them do what they
did. They had a special magic of their own that could not be understood by
anyone else.

Ten minutes later, Wittlesmith returned with not one, but two books. He handed
the smaller one to her first. It was dark purple and titled in gold print. It
wasn't about Hogwarts or the Forbidden Forest, instead it seemed to be
about...

"'The Fall of the British Monarchy'?"

"Excellent book. It has a little of everything. Ambitious men and women,
knights and princesses and nobodies turned somebodies, love, betrayal, honor,
battles, political intrigue, prophecy... just lots and lots of things. You'll
love it."

"Hmm..." She admitted, she was intrigued. It helped that when she opened it,
the first things she saw was a young woman, a Queen it appeared, dressed in
armor and carrying a sword. She looked back at him. "I'll take it. What about
zat other one?"

"This one? This one I would like to ask you to deliver to Mr. Harold James
Potter. I'll give you a ten percent discount on your book if you do."

"He ordered a book from here?" Bill asked, immediately suspicious.

"If I wanted to take orders I would have become an employee rather than an
owner. I don't do orders. I tried to send this book out to him months ago, but
it kept being returned without being received. Security measures, I suppose."

Bill's suspicions rose considerably. "They are there for a reason and we're
not going to go around them for someone we don't know anything about."

"Yes, yes, that's all very practical. But this is important. He *needs* this
book."

"Let me examine it first," Bill said, holding out his hand. Wittlesmith looked
reluctant, but as he realized this was the only way to get what he wanted, he
relinquished the book. Twenty-three spells later, even the eldest Weasley
child had to admit it appeared nothing more than a very simple albeit boring
book. The bookkeeper, seeing that he was finally done, snatched it back, and
all but hissed at him, then gave it to Fleur. She looked it over.

"'Encyclopedia of Centaurian Prophecy Techniques and Philosophies: Volume 3
The Celestial Naming System.' What about volume 1 and 2?"

"He doesn't require volume 1 and 2. Only 3. Now then, if you'll come with me,
you can pay and I can wrap up your parcels."

---
---

For all the anguish filled days that crawled by, the arrival of the Solstice
seemed to come out of nowhere for Harry. Excused from exams, he had more time
to himself and his thoughts than he was comfortable with, and when at last he
reunited with his friends at mealtimes and the end of the day, he couldn't
push away his pointless worrying. This seemed to make his friends worry about
*him*, and he had guilt to deal with as well.

There was a distance forming between them, particularly he and Hermione, and
it had been for quite some time he realized. Where once they would have spent
hours talking to each other or going on small adventures, now there were long
silences and forced smiles. Harry grieved it, but he didn't have enough of
himself left to spare to re-affirm it. Not enough time. Not enough energy. If
things turned ugly after tonight it would all be pointless anyway. She had
made him promise to *talk* to her when she came back from the holidays, but
didn't honestly know if what he could or even should tell her when she did.

McGunny was starting to take over her role, and that was frightening, because
as much as he liked the boy, he didn't trust him or care for him like he did
her. They had another interview after coming back from seeing their classmates
off at the Hogwart's express. Harry had skipped over the death of his parents,
still not ready to face that, and his life with his relatives, that was too
humiliating in many ways, and went right to the night he had come back to the
Dursley's and found Snape waiting for him and his stay at WYRA. He had dug out
his first wizarding book for the occasion, the pages between filled with
sketches of those boys he had met. The sketches weren't nearly as good as he
remembered them, but they did bring to mind those days of disorientation as he
adjusted to the idea of being a wizard.

He felt as disoriented now as he had then. His world was shifting, but he
didn't know how or in what ways it would change. Forward was the only way to
go, and he marched with the determination of a soldier to the lodge house,
where Brennan was waiting for him.

The previous day they had laid down the wards that would protect them, runes
painted in a mixture of ashes and wine on the walls, and burned sage in the
fire pit, which left the entire place uniquely fragrant. That morning he had
gone into the woods to cut down a young holly tree that had been bent and
broken by the harsh winter wind and the weight of too much snow, and brought
back the pieces to build an altar Brennan used his magic to weave the goddess'
special symbol, a bull and a dog bowing to each other, into a swatch of cloth,
so that the bright gold thread shown clearly against the green silk.

When he walked through the door at sunset, it looked completely unfamiliar. He
remembered the runes, and the beginnings of the altar, but the atmosphere was
different. The altar had been completed, the silk cloth laid over the holly
shrine, a bushel of wheat, a scattering of apples, and some walnuts, had been
strung around it in a circle, and there were pitchers of milk, wine, and honey
on the right. A sword, a scythe, and spear rested on the left. The fire in the
pit was enormous, and if it weren't for magic it would have set the entire
place on fire. The chest containing the dragon's heart rested on top of the
altar.

Brennan was dressed in robes of white with no shoes, a staff similar to the
one he had seen Voldemort carry to the werewolf colony was in his hand, and a
line of ash was smeared across his forehead. They looked to one another
briefly, but nothing was said. They both knew their parts.

Harry removed his shoes, socks, and cloak and set them aside. The fire insured
it was warm enough for him not to be cold, but even a little too warm. Brennan
stood by the altar, a bowl in his hand, and when Harry approached him, he
dipped his thumb into it, took it out, and ran a line across his boy's
forehead. Harry could feel and smell the ash against his skin.

"Are you ready, my Pupil?"

No, he wasn't. He would never be ready for this. Not in a thousand years. But
his tongue spoke the opposite of what his mind was screaming.

"Yes."

Brennan stepped back, and he stepped forward, then knelt before the altar,
closed his eyes and began to pray.

"Madris*, Goddess of the Scythe, of the Field, of the Chalice and the Blade*,
I call to you and beg thy indulgence..."

He continued on for several minutes, calling out Madris' many names and
euphemism, praising her, cajoling her, begging her attention. Slowly, the air
began to thicken with magic. The fire grew larger, roaring like a lion and
turned bright yellow with licks of blue. The urns holding the wine, milk, and
honey burst, and the walnuts all snapped open like popping corn.

He had Her attention.

---
---

Voldemort stood at the peak of the hill, staring down into the glen where
Druids in white robes gathered to perform their sacred rites by torchlight. He
was not welcome there, and in his way he respected them, so he did not demand
it. They were not honoring the gods or goddess that were his patrons anyway.

He turned back to the hill, where a horde of fae were already celebrating,
dancing and drunk, and chasing their females in and out of the invisible
hollows. They were not his folk, but they were mediums to those he honored, so
he tolerated their antics as they mucked about the shrines he had created,
eating and drinking the offerings.

They offered him their own drinks, winter wine and winter meade, smelling
sweet and warm and he was tempted. They offered him their food, spiced apples,
honey glazed meat, breads soft and hot and he was tempted. Women, naked and
pale as death, touches his cheek with blue tinted finger tips, chilling his
skin and boiling his blood and he was tempted. Hobgoblins, the wild kin of the
more familiar banking goblins, offered him weapons the likes of which would
put Gryffindor's to shame and he was tempted.

Their purpose was to tempt him after all, but he wisely refrained from
partaking of any of their offerings. He would become one of them, a fairy
folk, bound to the ephemeral aspects of nature, vulgar and beautiful at once.
They would make him a king, a general to their Oberon, or some master among
the Unseelie Court if he let them, but his ambitions remained with wizards.

Gently, but sternly, he turned them all away, fixing the shrines and refilling
the offerings with wave after wave of his wand. They would continue to destroy
his shrines, but that was their right, and come morning the offerings they had
tempted him with tonight would be left on the shrines, and he would gather
them up without fear of becoming one of them. The food would not taste as good
nor the drink, and the women would be gone altogether, but the weapons and the
other gifts would still be there, as powerful as ever and rightfully his.

"Do you feel Them stirring, Lord Wizard?" a nymph crooned in his ear,
delicately touching his hair, his cheek, his lips. Her brilliant red hair
stood out against her white skin like blood, her gray eyes were clouded with
drink and desire, desire she directed solely at him. "Andraste and Toutatis
and Ogmios* and Madris, all reaching out to you. Can you feel them touch you?
Feel them touch you like I do?"

He smiled grimly, and took her hands, pulling them away. She was a delight,
but not for him, and it was only her words he would allow himself to take
interest in, not her desires.

"Who is Madris? Not one of mine," he said, knowing the first three gods well,
as they were some of those he had built his shrines to. The last one was not
familiar to him, at least not by that name.

She scowled petulantly as he pulled her hands away, and was even more
dissatisfied when her affections were turned aside for inquires. Like a
spoiled child she pouted and retributed with sullen snappishness.

"Great sorcerer! Hah! Does not even know when a Goddess means to kill him!
Great fool instead, me thinks!" she snarled and tore away from him. His
strength was great, but hers was greater and she escaped. He went after her,
to demand an explanation, but the crowd was thick and here no one moved aside
for him.

He cursed under his breath and went in search of a crone.

---
---

Harry had been in the presence of gods before, but each was unique. The Earth
left him overwhelmed, open, and without boundaries. The Moon left him
fearless, energetic, and uninhibited. The Storm God made him feel formless,
pulled in by and a part of a great rush that could not be destroyed except by
its own exhaustion.

Madris made him feel like a Master.

Master of what, he didn't entirely understand, but he felt an undeniable
strength and protectiveness that was, as of yet, directed at no one and
nothing. He felt the power to build up his world with his own hands, nurture
it with perfect tenderness of a mother and protect it with a dragon's
savagery. The self-doubt and confusion of the last few days melted away,
leaving him with an absolute certainty that his course was true.

He opened the chest, and inside rested the dragon's heart, bloody and plump as
if it had only been removed moments ago. The heart was still warm as he pulled
it out, and he waited briefly, expectantly, to see if it wouldn't start
beating in his hands. It did not move, but being nearly ten pounds and
slippery, he was challenged enough keeping his grip. He carried it like an
infant, cradled in his arms, towards the fire.

"Madris, Queen of a Hundred Gods, Ruler of the Hearth, I bring an offering of
flesh and magic to honor thee. Please accept this tribute from your humble
servant."

Taking the heart in both hands, he gently tossed it into the roaring fire. His
hands were still stretched out to it when the magic dispersed into the air,
igniting it all in blue flames. The force of it shoved the flames into his
lungs, and threw him to the ground. Behind him, the shrine was set alight and
Brennan let out a cry of surprised terror.

Harry laid on the floor, staring up at the dance of flames above him, watching
it set the roof on fire. He, himself, felt little pain. The fire that touched
his skin and filled him inside was like the touch of slightly too hot water,
strangely pleasant and slightly painful at the same time. Slowly, he breathed
out the magic, and with it came his wish, bathed with so much intention and
passion that it could leave nothing to misinterpretation.

Consciousness began to slip away from him, but he kept his mind open long
enough to sense the retreat of the goddess, bearing away the spell that would
likely change his world forever.

---
---

The crone he found wasn't as old or as ugly as he would have liked (the older
and uglier a crone the wiser she was, at least when it came to the fae), being
only a few centuries and having more than five teeth and both eyes, but she
told him what he needed to know without the annoying tendency to speak in
riddles first.

"Madris isn't coming to kill you. She just wants to give you something," she
said, then took a bite of cheese he had given her in payment. It was sour, but
that was the preferred flavor for those of her ilk.

Voldemort felt relieved. He doubted the Earth would allow him to die, but that
didn't mean She wouldn't let him suffer. She did not coddle Her children, even
those important to Her.

"A gift?" he asked, because sometimes gods gave him less pleasant things, like
warnings or tasks or rotted gnome heads (although that last one could have
just been a Goodfellow*, who despite their names really weren't very good at
all).

She continued to chew her cheese slowly, savoring it, and didn't speak until
she was done.

"Yes... of course, it will likely kill you, so I understand how Firwyne might
have been confused."

He tried to ask what he was to be given and how to refuse it, but it was too
late. A horde of new fairies suddenly landed in the clearing, signaling the
arrival of their patroness, Madris, and though the other folk welcomed these
new arrivals with much enthusiasm, Voldemort felt a deep sense of dread come
over him.

The fairy horde split up, carrying their food and drink among their fellow
revelers and playing their pipes and their strings to replace the drunken
musicians, and as they scatter their goddess was revealed from the crowd. She
was beautiful, as goddesses tended to be, but in an older more regal way than
the fertility or love goddesses he was more familiar with, with hair black as
ink and skin darkened by sun, and draped all in a purple tunic with a sword
strapped to her side. Beside Her stood a boy god, naked with a face the same
as Hers, and a white hound with red ears leashed in His hand. Voldemort didn't
know what to make of Her. She was not a nature goddess, no single element
composed Her being, but he did not recognize Her from the pantheon of warrior
gods and goddesses nor those associated with fertility.

She turned to him, and he rose to meet Her. There was no point in trying to
run away. That was why She had brought the boy god with the dog. A spirit dog
would find him anywhere. The boy would find the dog anywhere.

He bowed to her respectfully. She tilted Her head in acknowledgement.

"I have something for you," she said. Her voice was that of authority. Not
military or social authority, but maternal authority. A Goddess of Mothers,
maybe?

"Would you take offense if I refused it? I'm told this gift will likely kill
me," he asked, trying to sound polite. Gods could be reasoned with more often
than not, if one were respectful about it. As long as love or revenge wasn't
involved at least.

"It doesn't matter," She said. "It is the dearest wish of one of my Children
for you to have it."

She lifted her hand, and he stepped away. He found himself stopped by the boy
child, His hand rested on his leg, cherubic face smiling sweetly at him even
as He stole the use of his limbs. Madris' hand found his chest. Something wet
and red was in Her hand and she gently pushed it into him.

His eyes widen. The *thing* She had shoved into him was beating, like a heart,
but rather than blood it pumped magic, excruciatingly painful magic, tearing
at his own magical core. He started to tremble, and when the boy god removed
his hand, he fell to the ground. Gritting his teeth, he snarled out a call to
his own gods, offering a reward of blood if they would but pull out the poison
She had sown, but none appeared. She was more powerful than Them, or perhaps
They lacked Her skill. He had never offered prayer to a god of healing before.

He tried to expel it with his own magic, but the *thing* welcomed it, weaving
itself into his power, making them one and the same, infecting him so
thoroughly he would have to tear out all his own magic to be rid of it.
Pointless, because then he would be dead anyway.

He clawed at his chest, where the pain was the sharpest, as if it were
snapping a rib with every steady beat, but there was nothing to grab hold of.
Then the blood came up, and he vomited it out onto the ground. Fairy folk,
still quite happily enjoying themselves, skittered away but then moved back in
to taunt him. This wouldn't have happened if he were one of them, they laughed
and he was offered some wine. He lifted his head just long enough to spit
blood into it, and snarl his defiance.

Their offer was useless now. He had already been infected with her wicked
spell. He turned to her, to make her an offer, but she was already shaking her
head in anticipation of what he would say.

"It is useless. The deed is done," She said, and walked away, Her son and His
dog following obediently behind Her. Blood was coming from other places now.
His nose, his ears, possibly other orifices he didn't want to contemplate, and
with every new bleed came a new origin of suffering.

He hissed and snarled, trying to climb back to his feet, to walk it off, to
defy fate, but his body betrayed him, refusing to do little more than twitch
and spasm. The more jovial of the fae just laughed and kept offering him
things he wasn't even physically able to accept, while the less savory kin
gathered up his toxic blood for evil purposes.

For nearly an hour, he fought against the pain and the foreign magical
intrusion, focusing on the glory he had been promised and revenge he would
exact for this humiliation, but magic greater than his won out and tore him
from the world into a dark and quiet place.

---
---

Mid-term exams, include final exams for single semester courses such as
Europeon History of Magic, and also regular exams for two semester courses
that always seem to have exams at that time. I hate those.

Madris is not in fact a real goddess. I created her simply because I could not
find 'real' deities that would fulfill the role I required. I am sort of going
to tell you what she's goddess of and sort of not. I'd like to hear your
theories on the matter. Cause I like all your guys' theories. It's fun to
discover the different ways people think of a single situation.

The 'Chalice and the Blade' are rip offs from The Di Vinci Code representing
womanhood and manhood, but it was such a damn good symbolism I stole it, and
shamelessly, because I'm a fanfiction writer and that what we do. Mwa ha ha.

Andraste and Toutatis are war gods. The Celts had many of them. Ogmios is the
god of persuasive speech, the only I've heard of. It sort of suggests that
Celts tended to fight rather arbitrate their disputes.

A Goodfellow, such as Robin Goodfellow a.k.a Puck as seen in Shakespeare's
Midsummer Night's Dream, are fairly harmless breed of satyr-like fae but take
delight in scaring and tricking people. They're also commonly known for
stealing babies to make into fairies and replacing them with Changelings, but
then most fairies and fae breeds do that. Goodfellows are just particularly
good at getting through magical protections to do it.
