# The Knights and their Honor

The Infirmary was quiet, but for Madam Pomfrey talking softly to the
mediwizard behind the privacy screen. Fleur honestly didn't know why they
bothered. She knew exactly what had happened to her. She had been knocked
unconscious and drowned. Underwater for eight minutes and forty-two seconds.
Another minute and fifty-eight seconds to restart her heart.

There had been brain damage, the mediwizard said as quietly as he could, but
the water was cold enough to minimize it and the potions should repair most of
what little there was. She'd be able to speak, move, and remember just fine.
There might be occasional headaches and nightmares. A small price to pay for
life, they said.

Except that wasn't all she had paid.

She pulled her blankets over her head and curled into a tight ball, squeezing
her eyes shut. This was too humiliating. Not only to be defeated, but to be
rescued afterwards. In front of everyone. Her friends, classmates, admirers,
the Brits, the Germans, the Dark Lord, and worst of all, Madam Maxime. The
Headmistress would be so humiliated to have made a klutz like her their
champion.

And tomorrow, the rest of the world would know about her failure, and sneer.

*Is that what they teach kids at Beauxbatons? To fall off their brooms and drown?*

What about her family? All those rumormongers and cold-hearted d√©butantes
mocking her parents over the daughter they had taken such pride in. Those
nasty kids at school waiting to tease her sweet Gabrielle, just waiting to
pick a fight. She didn't know if she would ever be able to face them.

"Pardon moi," a new voice interrupted the mediwizard and nurse. "I was hoping
I might see my student."

"Oh," Madam Pomfrey said, "I'm not sure now is a good time. She's still a bit
upset."

"Please," Madam Maxime insisted gently, "All of my students are very upset. It
would ease their hearts and minds to know how she is doing."

There was long silence, and finally the mediwizard spoke.

"Maybe she's right. A familiar face might do Miss Delacour some good."

Fleur tightened her hold around her blankets, willing the world away even more
fiercely. She couldn't handle this now. She wasn't prepared for the
condemnation. The last time anyone had scolded her, she had been twelve. There
was a rustling sound as the privacy screen was pulled aside, followed the
scraping sound of a chair and muttered Enlargement Charm.

There was a long silence.

"My dear, I do hope your jaunt through the lake hasn't convinced you to begin
your life again as a turtle. I am an awful swimmer and should miss you
terribly," the headmistress said gently.

Fleur pulled back a blanket, just enough to see the woman, her expression
filled with confusion.

"You aren't mad?"

Madame Maxime looked honestly surprised.

"Mad? Why would I be mad? I am just relieved that you are all right. I thought
I had lost you forever. I never would have forgiven myself if you..."

She sniffed loudly, and pulled a handkerchief (easily as large a baby
blanket), and dabbed her eyes. Fleur felt herself get all teary eyed just
watching her, now for more than just self pity.

"But I failed... I didn't even finish the challenge..."

The headmistress made a dismissive gesture.

"You did wonderfully. Wasn't it you who came up with the idea of freezing the
lake, while those other two just hovered there scratching their heads like a
pair of mountain trolls? Your plan would have worked too if they hadn't messed
it all up by breaking off too soon. It was just bad luck that you got knocked
in the head. The only mistake you made was trusting the other two were half as
clever as you."

Fleur choked on her laugh, wiping her tears of relief away. Perhaps it was
going to be okay? Madam Maxime's expression suddenly turned somber, and her
heart clenched all over again.

"Fleur..." she began hesitantly, unsure of how to approach the subject. "About
the competition... I'll understand if you want to drop out. I think after what
you went through, anyone would second thoughts. None of us were prepared for
how dangerous this tournament would really be."

Fleur blinked confusedly.

"You mean... I wasn't disqualified already? Even though I didn't finish the
challenge?"

"Finish? No, you don't need to finish a challenge. If fact, you made forty
points just getting as far as you did."

"I did? What about Krum and Diggory?"

"It took them ridiculously long to get past the fire challenge. I mean
honestly! Diggory got sixty, but Krum got sixty-five for finishing first-
barely."

Fleur remained silent for moment, processing all that was being said.

"So they're not too far ahead, do you think?"

Madam Maxime blinked, and then smile. "You are going to keep going?"

"I... Can I? Next time... next time I'll definitely do better. I promise.
Please? I can't let it end here, like this."

"Of course, my dear. If this is what you want, I'll support you. You were our
greatest hope and pride, and that hasn't changed."

"Oh, thank you! Thank you!"

She stumbled out of bed and leaped into her arms. Hands that were large enough
to crush a horse's skull patted her gently.

"I'm just so relieved," Madam Maxime continued. "I thought for sure you were
dead, and then after I didn't know if you would be the same. I was so
frightened. I could kiss those boys for pulling you out of the lake! Now there
are true chevaliers!"

Fleur pulled back, confused. She didn't honestly remembered much of what
happened until after she was given some potions. They'd only given her a very
brief explanation.

"Boys? What boys?"

"Well, that Potter boy was the one to fish you out, and I mean that literally.
He partially transmuted himself into a fish or something, gills and such, but
he got stuck. Took nearly an hour before he could get himself sorted out.
Brave child, I'll give him that, but not much on plans."

Fleur thought she might remember *something* about Potter, looking up at her,
smiling like a very wet puppy.

"Then there was the Weasley boy... well, he's not really boy. Billius Weasley.
He's actually some sort of curse breaker, even though he's only... nineteen or
something. Got you breathing again before the medi-wizard even reached you.
You owe them both a very big thank you."

"Billius Weasley?"

"I know... they run rampant around this part of the country."

That wasn't exactly what Fleur was thinking.

---
---

Harry's much anticipated Friday was officially a bust. Aside from actually
saving Fleur's life, which was really was the only redeeming event of the day,
it was just one unpleasant thing after another. Alright, the flying part was
actually pretty cool, looking back on it. He'd never flown that fast nor
attempted to fly in that strange of a position, and it was also an interesting
way to learn that a broom did work underwater. Being underwater (very cold
water at that), nearly drowning, being forced to eat something very
unpleasant, finding Fleur's lifeless body, and waiting for it to be
resuscitated was pure misery. That hadn't been the end of it either.

He'd had to wait around in the lake for hour, unable to figure out how to get
rid of his gills and unable to explain to the professors, who were trying to
figure out what do, how he had gotten them. He had been very scared he'd be
stuck with them forever, but luckily they had faded away before anyone had
gotten any extreme ideas about how to fix it. There had been an unpleasant
amount of flashbulbs, pointing, and murmuring through the whole ordeal.

The moment he was able, he'd climbed out of the lake, chilled to the bone and
Snape had dragged him off. To the dungeons. Where it's *cold*. He had to wait
for nearly ten minutes as the man sorted through his potion stores, ranting at
him for being a reckless idiot (of course Snape's word choice was considerably
more clever and insulting) while he felt his toes and fingers go numb. At
least the Pepper-up potion warmed him up, it was the other three he'd had to
drink that were just plain nasty.

The caning had been as unpleasant as he remembered. Worse. He'd gotten twenty
whacks this time. And then *another* nasty potion to alleviate the bruises.

"You really are hopeless," Snape had muttered afterwards, running a hand
through his hair and looking frustrated. "What is it with you and damsels in
distress?"

Harry, who was tired, sore, and rather angry, glared at him rather than
argued. Anything that came out of his mouth at that point would only have
gotten him a detention.

Now, rather than having lunch and then a much deserved nap, he had been
summoned to the Dark Lord's office. He seriously hoped Voldemort wasn't as
peeved at him as Snape was. He didn't think he could take another punishment
on top of everything else.

There were a lot of people lingering in the halls once they exited the
dungeons. Students turned to them, looking as if they wanted to rush forward,
but the glare their much feared potions professor gave them was enough to keep
most of them away. Which was good, because even if the anti-bruising potion
had helped, his back was sore and his temper short. He didn't think he could
stand people manhandling or bumping against or questioning him.

They had to pass the castle entryway to get to the Dark Lord's private tower,
and a mob of reporters was waiting just on the other side of the open doors, a
row of severe looking Sentinels the only thing blocking their entrance.
Flashbulbs and shouted questions went ignored, as he resolutely refused to
look in their direction.

"Mr. Potter, how did you manage to rescue Miss Delacour?!"

"Mr. Potter, what made you decide to chase after her?!"

"Are you having a secret affair with the Beauxbaton's champion?!" That one
nearly did have him spinning around, and it wasn't to answer the question.

The students had thinned out the closer they got to their destination, until
there was only one left. McGunny was leaning against a wall, presumably
waiting for them. He didn't have his notepad with him, and when they passed he
didn't attempt to ask Harry any questions.

But there was a look. A questioning, slightly pleading look.

Harry stopped walking for just a second.

"I'll talk to you later," he said, reluctantly, then hurried to catch up with
Snape. It wasn't that he wanted to go through an interview, but of all the
reporters Harry knew (aside from Hermione of course), McGunny was the only one
he found tolerable. He was as nosy as everyone else, but at least he was
polite about it.

They entered Voldemort's office and found the man standing near a window, a
glass of wine in hand and looking smug. Lucius Malfoy occupied a chair,
looking arrogant as ever. Both men smirked upon seeing Harry. The young
Gryffindor felt simultaneous relief and unease. They obviously weren't mad at
him, but that sort of pleased expression usually spelled trouble of a
different kind.

"And here's the man... boy... of the hour," Malfoy chuckled, raising his own
wine glass in salute.

"Please don't encourage him. It's sends a mixed message," Snape groused and
found a chair of his own. As tired as he was, Harry didn't sit down. He
remained by the exit, silently stating he wanted to leave.

"I hope you weren't too hard on him, Severus," Voldemort chided. "A little
parental discipline is a grand thing, but his spirit is something to admire."

Snape looked blankly at the Dark Lord for a moment, then turned to toward
Harry and glared. Harry glowered right back, barely refraining from sticking
out his tongue. Snape turned back to his master.

"As you can see he's still as stupidly unaware of his own mortality as ever."

The Dark Lord chuckled. The mutual annoyance the two caused each other was
something he had always found amusing, and the fact that they didn't seem
capable of leaving each other alone made it all doubly so.

"I thought it best we discuss what has just happened and what it means for us.
Harry, you in particular should be made aware of your new position."

"New position?" the boy asked skeptically. The Dark Lord's amusement was
becoming increasingly apparent. He looked as if at any moment he'd burst out
laughing.

"Of course. You didn't think such acts of heroism would go unnoticed, did
you?"

*Not unpunished anyway*, Harry thought testily, unconsciously rubbing his back.

"You performed beautifully," Voldemort said, "It was really quite magnificent
to watch. Everyone thought so. So fast. So agile. So very, very brave. Rushing
in to save the fair maiden from the horrible monster and certain death,
risking life and limb without hesitation. And you succeeded. A miracle in an
of itself."

"Yeah, well, maybe if everyone had actually *tried* to help her, a miracle
wouldn't have been necessary," Harry muttered. Malfoy and Snape both sent him
a warning glare, but Voldemort ignored the accusation.

"I admit even I was starting to worry. You were underwater for quite some
time. I didn't think your education had advanced to self-transfiguration."

"It hasn't. I didn't transform myself. Some merpeople helped me out. They gave
me some sort of... plant, I think. It wore off after awhile."

"Gillyweed," Snape said, thoughtfully.

"You got merpeople to help you?" the Dark Lord said, looking surprised for
once. "Why didn't they rescue Delacour themselves? They're perfectly capable."

"They tried, but a pack of grindylows got to her first and weren't letting
them get close. I had to knock them away with some spells before I could get
to her."

"This just gets better and better," Voldemort said, looking utterly delighted.
"You have no idea what this is going to do for Britain, Harry. You've done
this country a great service."

Harry looked away, embarrassed. He hadn't felt particularly brave, and
certainly hadn't been thinking about Britain when he rescued Fleur. Frankly,
he didn't see how this was suppose to help Britain at all.

"Can you just spell it out for me? I'm too tired to figure out your political
games, right now."

Voldemort sighed, somewhat disappointed with Harry's lack of enthusiasm. He
couldn't really blame the boy. As much as the Dark Lord intended to benefit
from Harry's foolish selflessness, the boy himself wasn't going to get much
out of this. Nothing that he really wanted anyway.

"You're a hero."

"Yes, I got that. And?"

"Don't get sassy."

Harry bit his tongue and looked down, knowing he'd reached the limit of bad
attitude Voldemort would tolerate from him right now.

"A hero is a much loved thing," Voldemort continued once he'd received proper
contrition, "By everyone. British, French, German. You risked your life saving
a girl you barely know, and you did it with class."

"I barely bumbled through it! I didn't even really save her. Bill got her
breathing again. I just recovered her body."

"And Mr. Weasley will receive appropriate praise for his efforts on Ms.
Delacour's behalf, but it was *you* who actually put yourself at risk and
allowed him to have help her. By Monday, every paper in Europe will know what
you did. They will know that a British wizard is capable of bravery,
compassion, and honor. The Europeans will feel awe... and uncertainty. You
will shake the very foundation of their belief that Britain is a monster and
her people are just waiting to strike at them. They will become curious about
what you and this country are truly like, and that curiosity will drive them
to investigate, and the more they learn, the less they'll fear, and the less
they fear the sooner we can open up relations, and remove these foolish
embargo and travel restrictions."

Harry didn't say anything, just looked at him with complete disbelief.
Finally, he shook his head.

"No way. It can't be that simple. This tournament was suppose to do what
you're saying, and now you're telling me *I'm* going do it? There's no way
that's going to happen."

Voldemort smirked.

"You're right, it isn't that simple and the tournament is...*will*... improve
relations between our countries, but your actions will augment that process.
Besides, a tournament is just a competition and once it's over, its influence
is very limited. A *person*, however... that's a different animal altogether."

Harry just stood there for a moment, not knowing what to say or how to react.
He couldn't fathom doing any of the things Voldemort was talking about. Help
Britain make friends with Europe? That was the job of ambassadors and
politicians, not fourteen year old school boys. Feeling overwhelmed, he
stumbled to an available chair and fell into it. He looked to the other men in
the room, looking for some form of reassurance that this was just a bad joke.

Voldemort looked ready to laugh, but it wasn't *at* Harry. It was a giddy sort
of expression when things went his way on a project he was already excited
about. Malfoy was smug as ever, but he was looking at Harry differently. A
strangely possessive way that made Harry things he saw tool rather than a
person. Snape... refused to look at him. That was the most concerning thing
he'd seen so far.

"I don't know what to do..." he said. "What do you want me to do? This is
just... stupid."

Alright, 'stupid' wasn't the right word, but that's what he felt like at the
moment.

"Do what you've always done. Keep them guessing," Voldemort said.

Harry didn't know what he meant and waited for an elaboration, which came from
Malfoy.

"There isn't a lot known about you. The newspaper glen fascinating tidbits
about you- your parents were originally rebels who fled to Germany, you can
speak to snakes, you killed a monster, your future mother was killed by an
insane terrorist... Even these things, no one knows the specifics of. You're a
mystery people want to unravel. Now there's just a lot more people looking to
do that."

"How does being mysterious help? Won't they get suspicious?"

"Only if you come off as intentionally hiding something. If you're going to
avoid the press, use the excuse that you'd rather spend time with your friends
or studying. Don't talk about anything unless someone asks you about it first.
Give credit to other people when talking about your accomplishments. Humility
is an excellent cover for secrecy."

Harry gave him a disbelieving look. "How would *you* know?"

Snape let out an amused snort. "Because even Lucius was gullible once."

Malfoy glared at his friend.

"Let's not get distracted," Voldemort interrupted before they started
henpecking each other. "Lucius is correct. Humility is an excellent cover, and
reduces suspicion. However, we must also promote you. You are my protege. How
you are perceived affects how I am perceived, good or bad, and I need all the
positive regard I can get."

"Promote me, how? How can I be humble and advertise myself at the same time?"

"You get invited to a lot of events with a lot of important people, and
politely accept," Snape said, looking tired at the prospect. As Potter's
guardian, he knew he'd be dragged along.

"Just so," Voldemort said. "You'll have time to practice this weekend. The
Champions have all been invited to attend a dinner party in Hogsmeade on
Sunday. I expect that you will be receiving an invitation."

Harry let out a huff. Perhaps he should have just let Fleur drown? That
immediately brought a surge of guilt. This wasn't Fleur's fault, and even if
it had been she certainly didn't deserve death for inconveniencing him.
Besides, maybe he could do some good. It wasn't like he didn't want peace
between Britain and everyone else. If he could help, even a little, wasn't he
duty bound to try?

Merlin, this was tiring.

He sighed and rubbed his eyes.

"Fine. Great. I'll do my best. Can I go? It's been a long day."

Voldemort gestured towards the door. "You may go, but I want to speak with you
tomorrow morning."

"Yes, my Lord," he agreed unenthusiastically and left. Malfoy glared at the
door, then turned to Snape.

"He's awfully uppity for a pawn," he said, clearly annoyed. He risked a glance
at the Dark Lord. "You're rather lenient on him, my Lord."

Voldemort smirked cruelly. "Why Lucius, are you suggesting I've gone soft?"

Malfoy quickly looked away. "No, absolutely not. I'm curious. I just assume
there is a purpose behind your tolerance."

A quick save.

"You are right of course, there is a reason, but you won't like it."

"My Lord?"

"He *deserves* to be a bit uppity. You underestimate his importance, my
friend. He's a knight, not a pawn, and my tolerance is born of appreciation.
Unlike you, he doesn't actually get *paid* to serve me."

"My Lord, I-"

"Don't, Lucius. I'm not criticizing you. You've earned everything I've given
you. I am merely answering your question."

"... Thank you, my Lord."

"You both may go. I have to discuss the serious lack of *adequate* safety
officials during today's match with the tournament coordinator," he said
darkly, his previous good humor evaporating. Both Death Eaters bowed and left,
passing a very nervous man in the hall, who they suspected they would never
see again. More than likely, nor would anyone else.

Malfoy clearly wasn't happy with being rebuked, however gently, and scowled
fiercely.

"Do you think he *deserves* it, Severus?" he sneered. Snape watched him
stoically from the corner of his eye.

"You're starting to sound like a jealous wife, Lucius. I suggest you stop now.
It's tacky."

"Just answer the damn question."

"... Yes."

Malfoy looked clearly surprised by the answer, though Snape didn't know why.
"Merlin, he's *infected* the both of you."

*Potter Pox*, flitted through Snape's mind, making the other man's words more funny than insulting. *Symptoms include; headaches, insomnia, violent mood swings, and the urge to strangle Gryffindors.*

"I didn't say I* liked* him, only that he deserved some leniency. He's given
more of himself in the last four years than you will ever have to give in your
entire life. He's reckless, ill-mannered, troublesome, and sometimes right out
dumb, but he's earned everything he's been given. The Dark Lord isn't wrong
about that."

---
---

"I still say we're wasting opportunities here," Oblitz insisted. "If those
BUGs can be used for spying, they definitely could have been used for
something...*more.*"

Schwartzmann gave him a bored look. Both men had sequestered themselves in the
ambassador's temporary home, waiting out the horde of reporters that were
lingering after the event. They'd been quarreling over whether the mission
should extend beyond surveillance and into sabotage and assassination.
Schwartzmann was getting very tired of repeating himself.

"Mr. Oblitz, as I've said before, it is not in Germany's intention to *start*
a war, only to be prepared for it. Murdering Court officials and teachers at a
school sporting event is hardly going to endear us to our allied nations. We
received enough flack for what happened with Moody, and that wasn't even our
doing."

"We don't need their help to defeat the Dark Lord."

"Spoken like a true warmonger. Believe me, the Minister knows exactly what our
country's capabilities are, and if he doesn't want to fight against
Voldemort's forces alone, there's a very good reason for it."

"Pft. You sound like Krum. The whole God damn country is filled with a bunch
of pansies. Pansy champion, pansy minister, pansy ambassador. Fuck, fine, let
the Snake destroy you. Deserve what you get, you cowards. Won't even handle
Potter, and he's the most vulnerable and dangerous of the lot of them. Only
Voldemort deserves it more."

Schwartzmann rolled his eyes. Oblitz was a soldier before he was a teacher,
and unfortunately he gave a bad name to the entire profession.

"You're an idiot. Potter deserves our pity, not our condemnation. God only
knows what that monster has done to him already. If it's half as bad as I
suspect, and these BUGs manage to prove it, I'll personally grant him
sanctuary in Germany."

Oblitz sneered but said nothing more. He wasn't going to get what he wanted
*yet*, but when the Death Eaters came pounding at Germany's door, they'd be
sorry. They'd all be sorry.

And he'd be *right*.

---
---

Fleur was escorted to the dormitory in Hogsmeade by Professor Flitwick. She
would have preferred to have gone with Madam Maxime, but with so many
reporters around they'd both decided someone more discreet would be needed. He
was also more familiar with the castle, and the best ways to sneak in and out
of it. They waited until dark, when most of the reporters were gone and night
hid their movements. There was a boat house built into the castle that lead
straight out onto the lake, and while the inky black water made her distinctly
uneasy, she was pleased to find she wasn't as scared as she thought she'd be.

This was the sort of adventure she remembered from Paris, sneaking out after
hours for a secret rendezvous or just to explore the mysteries of the city,
but what a interesting new twist! Far from home, surrounded not by city, but
forests and lakes and mountains to meet the man who had saved her life with
the aid of a dwarf (part goblin? Gnome?), and risk of discovery held the
potential for international scandal!

Flitwick, noticing her barely repressed excitement, smiled.

"You know, you could have just invited Bill to the castle in the morning, and
talked to Harry first. You've had a difficult day as it is."

She smiled back him and shook her head. "It would be rude to make my rescuer
come to me after all he has done. I must go to him and thank him in person,
without the press turning it into an interrogation."

"And did you already talk to Harry?"

She shook her head ruefully. "I went to Gryffindor Tower to speak with him,
but his friends said he was very tired and was sleeping. I'll talk to him
tomorrow."

They pulled the boat up to the shore, Hogsmeade only few hundred feet away,
lanterns hanging in the doorways of the shops and houses. She pulled up the
cloak of her hood, and followed Flitwick to the east end of the village where
a dormitory had been erected to house the tournament's work crews and
engineers. There was a sign on the door reading 'Residents Only; No
Journalists Allowed'.

"That's new," Flitwick remarked, before opening the door. At the check-in
counter, a very bored receptionist looked up from his crossword, looking ready
to shout at them but the words died on his lips. Flitwick smiled congenially,
summoning a stool out of the air so he could look over the counter. "Good
evening, sir. Would Mr. Weasley be in, per chance?"

The receptionist eyed them both suspiciously.

"Who wants to know?"

Fleur pulled back the hood of her cloak and looked down imperiously at him.
There was a spark of recognition in the man's eyes.

"Oh... sorry. Thought you might be reporters. They been bothering Billy-boy
all day. I'll get him for you."

He scribbled a note and tossed it up in the air, where it folded itself into a
paper plan and flew up a flight of stairs and down a hallway. A moment later,
the eldest Weasley son appeared. It was strange feeling that came over Fleur.
Logically, she knew he had saved her life and she should feel extremely
grateful for that, but her last memory of him was from before then and the
silly squabble she had admittedly started.

He paused on the stairs when he saw her, and smiled just a bit.

"Miss Delacour, I didn't expect you to be up and about so soon. I'd have
thought Madam Pomfrey would have kept you strapped to the bed for three days,
at least," he said.

She smiled a bit at that. He was right, the medi-witch had been very reluctant
to let her go, and it took a lot of crocodile tears and pleading to spend the
night among her friends to convince her.

"It's best not to underestimate a Beauxbaton's champion," she said.

"I believe that. Are all French witches this stubborn?"

"What do you think?" she challenged.

His expression turned sober.

"I think it would take a lot of stubbornness to claw your way out of a grave
as deep as you were in. I'm sorry."

"Sorry? For what? You saved my life."

He shook his head. "We should have been prepared. *I* should have been more
prepared. It was an obvious danger that someone could get knocked off their
broom and into the lake, but no one was prepared to pull you out. We should
have had men in the water already or attached tracking devices to all the
champions or portkeys that we could activate if things went wrong. Merlin, we
were so-"

She closed the distance between them, and placed her finger over his lips.

"Shhh... It's not your fault. I am here now because of what you did do, not
because of what you didn't. Thank you for being there."

He blinked at her, then suddenly turned red around the ears. He rubbed the
back of his head, looking at his shoes in such a boyish way, Fleur wondered
what she'd done to fluster the confident man so.

"Er... you're welcome. I'm just glad I could help."

She sighed forlornly. "This really seems a feeble way to thank someone, now
that I'm here. Would you like to have lunch with me tomorrow? My treat."

He blinked in surprise. "I... yeah, I'd like that, but... won't you get in
trouble?"

"Don't worry, tomorrow is a Hogsmeade weekend."

"That's not what I... oh, forget it. Yes, I'd love to. Madame Puddifoot's,
then? If you come at eleven, we can beat the crowds."

"It's a date," she agreed, pulled up the hood of her cloak and headed towards
the door where Flitwick was pretending not to linger. She turned back to him
at the entryway. He was looking bemused, and still just a tad bit pink in the
ears. His little boy smile was so endearing, she couldn't help but add, "And
Bill, it's *Fleur* to you."

---
---

McGunny left a note with Granger to give to Potter. He didn't want to get
pushy, but he really wanted to talk to him as soon as possible. His Sunday
deadline was only part of the reason, but the only one he left with Granger.
She'd promised to give it to Harry, but not until he was awake, which probably
wasn't going to be until morning.

She was right. He didn't receive a reply to his request until half past nine
the next day.

He went to the dueling hall and found the boy just where he said he would be,
eating breakfast on the stairs of the dueling platform. It didn't surprise
McGunny that the kid was avoiding the Great Hall. It seemed his standard
practice to avoid crowds for a few days after an event, and this was a
significant one. Few people actually got to see a hero in action, and though
McGunny had heard of and guessed at several of his exploits, even he had been
left breathless seeing it in real life.

It was strange to see Potter doing something as menial as buttering toast
after yesterday.

"Are you hungry?" the Gryffindor asked politely, when he saw him. "I can get
the house elves to get you something."

"No, thank you. I've already eaten."

"Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner. Hermione said you were kind of in a
rush because of the next issue."

"It's fine. You have to take care of yourself first, and my life is hardly in
the balance."  
"Mmm..." Potter took a bite of his toast and chewed in thoughtfully. McGunny
was eager for answers, but push him. While the younger boy ate, he pulled out
a notepad and self inking quill, trying to make it as casual as possible. He
wanted the silences between them to be comfortable. It was important for what
he wanted to ask of him.

"How do you feel?" he asked at last, a simple question to get things going.
Potter shrugged.

"I feel like I normally do. Kind of disappointed that my weekend with my
friends isn't going to work out like I hoped, but it's not a big deal. I heard
Delacour is doing well, so I'm happy about that."

"What made you decide to rescue her in the first place?"

Potter gave him an embarrassed look. "When she slipped under the water... I
just knew no one was going to get to her in time. I figured... I didn't figure
anything. I just did it. Looking back on it, I think it was just impatience.
The safeties had already taken too long. Bill could have gotten her, but his
boat could only go so fast, so I just rushed in without thinking." Potter
sighed and drank some of his juice, thinking about what he was going to say.
"It was stupid and reckless, what I did, but it worked out. Barely. I could
have drowned too. I nearly did."

They talked for nearly an hour about what the first challenge and his views on
what had happened. With every word, McGunny felt his admiration for the boy
grow, not only for what he had done but for his complete lack of
pretentiousness. Potter clearly hadn't expected to succeed in saving Delacour,
but he had kept trying on the very slim chance that he could. He had done
something, because doing nothing hadn't been an option, and in the end he
readily admitted that he played just one part in the girl's rescue. The
merpeople and Bill Weasley were given more attention and praise than his own,
fumbled efforts.

"After you got out of the lake, Professor Snape took you down into the
dungeons. Why?"

Potter looked embarrassed here. "Made me drink a bunch of nasty potions, and
lectured me for putting myself in danger. Professor McGonagall was worse. She
made me write down twenty reasons why what I did was a bad idea before she let
me go to bed... then posted them on the Common Room bulletin board. Merlin,
she knows how to make you feel bad about something. Professor Snape can make
you feel bad about nothing, but then you just sort of forget about it after
ten minutes, but not her.*.. *and you're not going to print that part are
you?"

McGunny smirked. "What will you give me if I don't?"

The panicked look Potter had made him burst out laughing. "I'm kidding! You
can trust anything you say to me in confidence will remain between us."

Potter sighed. "Thanks. I appreciate that. I know a lot of reporters who...
well, you know."

Here was McGunny's chance, the opening he had been waiting for. He took a deep
breath.

"Yes, I understand why you would be hesitant to trust them, and I appreciate
you putting as much faith in me as you have. I've always wanted to be a
biographer more than a journalist, and trust is a lot more important to me
than it is a lot of my colleagues."

Potter looked at him curiously.

"A biographer? Really? So you're going to go around and ask important people
about their lives, and write books about them? How do you know when a person's
life is interesting enough to write a book about?"

"Most people's lives are interesting enough to write books about," he
explained. "Everyone has interesting moments in their lives. Good things and
bad things and strange things happen all the time. The nice things about books
is you can edit all the boring stuff that happens in between. You don't have
to be important to have story worth sharing with others. Some of the best
biographies out there are about normal people trying to get by in abnormal
situations. With everything that's happened over the last decade, and
everything that's happening now... I think there's going to be a lot of
stories that need to be told. People are going to need to hear about others in
situations as bad as them, and know that they can survive and get over it.
That's the point of biographies, you know. It's not just about telling a
person's story, it's about sharing an experience. Nothing inspires people more
than a true story."

Potter didn't say anything for a long time, just watching him with those
piercing green eyes. He looked like he wanted to believe him, so McGunny
continued.

"You know... your story could do that."

The Gryffindor started. "My story?"

"Yes. Your story. You've had a lot of experiences I think people could benefit
from hearing about."

Shaking his head, Potter said, "That probably isn't a good idea."

"Think about it," McGunny insisted, "There are a lot of people out there who
need to believe that their lot in life can change for the better. Kids who are
muggleborns or orphans or just don't see any future for themselves. Adults who
need to remember how to be adventurous, curious, and compassionate. You came
out of nowhere, and look at everything you've managed to accomplish. You could
inspire a lot of people."

"Are you asking to write my story?" the Gryffindor asked, his expression
disbelieving.

"I..." McGunny hesitated. He didn't want to the throw out the idea until he
was certain he had Potter sold on it, but he had caught on too quickly and
there was no turning back now. "Yes... I wanted to ask you if I could... if
you would... tell me your story. Can I be your biographer?"

Potter got up, shaking his head. "No, I'm sorry. I can't do that."

He panicked as he saw the younger boy starting to leave, and got up to chase
after him.

"I know I haven't even graduated yet, but I know I could do this. I've sent in
some of my articles to universities and newspapers and they've all said I did
great work. I-"

The young boy turned back to him, his expression apologetic.

"It's not that. It's not personal. I think you're a great journalist and that
you'll be an even better biographer, but I can't tell you everything you want
to know... need to know. Too much of what I do involves the Dark Lord, and
that's not something that I can or will share with the public. For your own
sake, it's better you don't know."

McGunny stood there, sick with disappointment. Potter had turned him away. His
reasons were honorable, but it still made him feel ill and somewhat betrayed.
Hadn't he proven he could be trusted? Hadn't he shown he was on his side?

He couldn't give up. Not yet.

"Wait!"

Potter stopped at the door, looking back at him. "I'm not going to change my
mind."

*Not yet*, McGunny mentally agreed*, but eventually*.

"It isn't about that. There's something I overheard, and wanted to warn you
about."

Reluctant curiosity slipped across the Gryffindor's face, before it was
ruthlessly suppressed. The Ravenclaw fought back a grin.

"Shouldn't you tell a teacher about it then?"

"It's not anything specific enough to report. Not really. I just overheard an
argument between Oblitz and Krum a few days ago." Not true, but mentioning
Weasley shot his credibility to hell and he did feel what the guy had told him
something worth knowing. "We both know Oblitz has it out for you-"

"How did you-"

"I'm *good* at what I do, Potter. *Very* good. Krum... I think he'd be just as
bad if it weren't for Granger. He's given you the benefit of the doubt because
of her, and I think Oblitz got into an argument with him about it. You should
probably try to keep some distance from the Durmstang group, if you can. I'm
keeping an eye on them, but I don't know if they're up to something yet or
not."

Potter nodded, clearly disturbed by the possibility that something might be
going on, especially with Hermione's not-boyfriend.

"Thanks... I'll be careful, but I don't think..."

McGunny gave him a reassuring smile. It wouldn't do to freak the kid out. It
would back fire on him fantastically if it turned out Oblitz had been pissed
off at Krum for a lousy essay.

"You're probably right. Like I said, I'm just going to keep an eye on them.
I'll keep you updated if I find out anything. You're their student liaison.
It's only right."

"Yeah... thanks... I'm sorry, I couldn't give you what you wanted..."

"It's alright. I understand," he said casually, as if his plans for the year
hadn't just been completely derailed. "You know where to find me if you change
your mind."

The boy nodded, a bit more uncertain than he had been before, and finally
left. McGunny let his smile drop. Things were not going well. He needed to do
something to gain Potter's trust, and perhaps find a new approach to the
biography business. Clearly, the boy didn't feel he could tell his story
without putting them both in danger, so if McGunny wanted his story he was
going have to assure him that it was going to be written in complete
confidentiality and then find some sort of motivation for Potter to tell a
story nobody else would ever hear (at least not until after they were both
dead and therefore relatively safe).

Trust first though. Motivations and enticements could come later. Right now he
needed to build a relationship of trust between them. They had the beginnings
of a friendship, but with little in common and their difference in ages, it
would be difficult to maintain a friendship without regular contact of some
form. This was where Oblitz would come in handy. There was something clearly
wrong with the man (and having read his file, a veritable manual on urban
warfare, he could make a pretty good guess on what it was), and he had his
sights set on Harry, which provided McGunny the excuse he needed to keep up
regular contact. If he should actually happen to find something on the man,
that was even better.

He'd have protected Potter (and possibly several other people on the off
chance that there was a conspiracy going on), and if he was very lucky, he
could convince him to give him the story as a personal favor.

If he was very, very, *very* lucky.
