# Distant Lands

As far as travel went, magical ship was one of the best, aside from the
magical car. It was smooth, quiet, and aside from being rather dark
under the water, generally a pleasant atmosphere. Surfacing, however,
was one of the most nauseating experiences not related to poisoning
Harry had the misfortune of experiencing, not unlike riding a fast
moving elevator for way too long.

"Oh hell," he groaned, leaning back against the wall. He was sitting on
his bunk, like the rest of his roommates, holding onto the edge of their
beds to keep their balance as the ship crashed through several feet of
ice and then landed heavily on top of it.

"Don't you dare spew, Potter," the largest boy in the room threatened.
"I'm not meeting the Minister of Magic smelling like your vomit."

"Your objections are noted. I'll take them under consideration," he
sniped back. Really he was in an all around bad mood. He was tired,
depressed, anxious, and now sea sick. The only thing that could make the
day any worse was the possible interrogation by some German aurors once
he was on dry land.

"All hands on deck!" rang through the ship, and everyone got up and put
on their cloaks and gloves and went out into the hall, lining up with
everyone else there. Viktor and Jophery were up ahead with the
ambassador and the rest of the adults, and gave him a nod.

The door leading out onto the deck was opened, and a blast of icy wind
rushed into cabin, popping his ears and biting his nose with its chill.
Instantly, Harry started to shiver.

"Just wait," the boy behind him said. "It gets worse."

Swell.

They filed out onto the deck, and Harry quickly learned that the boy had
been right. It was frigid cold, hovering well below freezing and with a
nasty wind. It was near blinding white, stretching the entire length of
the lake and eating away at the edges of the sky, so only the lightest
shade of blue shown directly above them. They had broken through the ice
near what had to be the shore. The lake itself rested inside of a
crater, surrounded on all sides by towers peaks of snow capped rock. As
far as Harry could see there was no way in or out that could have been
connected to the sea, but that was the sort of magic Harry was familiar
with. At the nearest shore was a road, black and shiny with melted snow,
winding its way further up the stone walls of the crater, and at the
very top Harry could see Durmstrang.

The fortress was black and glassy and composed of hundreds of thin
towers and walkways and floating buttresses, a dark fairytale castle
made entirely out of obsidian glass. It stood in stark relief, its size
and grandeur in perfect silhouette against the surrounding white. The
only sign it was not merely an elaborate two-dimensional shadow was the
faint glow of light that could be seen emanating from inside, hinting at
the dozens of different structures that composed the fortress.

"Wow," Harry breathed out. He had never thought he would ever see a
place that rivaled Hogwarts in beauty or magnificence, but this
certainly came close.

No one wanted to stay out in the cold any more than Harry, so they
worked quickly to lower the gang plank and get everyone off the ship and
onto the road. The road itself was warm, and Harry could feel the heat
of it rising up into his cloak, fighting against the surrounding arctic
chill. There was a line of carriages waiting for them, pulled by animals
with white hair so thick Harry couldn't tell if they were equine or
bovine or something else altogether. They squeezed in six to a carriage,
glad for the extra body heat rather than annoyed, and the beasts guided
themselves up the steep sloping road to Durmstrang.

---

"Welcome home!"

There was a thundering rush of applause, and Harry felt himself flinch
away. The entire party had been dropped off in the stables which was
connected to the castle itself and Oblitz had lead them straight to what
must have been Durmstang's equivalent to the Great Hall. It was an
amphitheater, divided by four sets of stairs and twelve tiers of tables
and chairs from floor to ceiling, every railing and table leg and chair
back decorated with medieval representations of the fiercest beasts and
monsters. The ceiling was slightly domed and fully mirrored, making the
hundreds of floating candles above them appear like thousands.

The amphitheater was full to overflowing with students, and government
officials, and reporters who were flashing their cameras unceasingly.
Harry turned away from reporters and tried to ignore the speech from
what was probably the Minister of Magic, and looked to his future
classmates, trying to get a feel for what life was going to be like
there.

They were mostly boys he noted, with short cropped hair and serious
faces. The girls looked the same, their long hair pulled back into tight
braids or buns and nothing soft or particularly feminine about their
expressions. They did look genuinely pleased that their classmates had
returned safely, but he felt his heart sink at the lack of variation.

"- and we extend our hospitality to Herr Potter, who at great personal
risk aided our Champion and all of Durmstrang in returning home safely."

At the mention of his name, he turned to the minister even as the other
students burst into another round of applause. He got a full face of
camera flash for his effort. Someone put their hand on his arm, and he
turned to see a man he didn't recognize in some sort of dark gray
uniform. Harry thought he must be a German auror.

"I'm Auror Grantz. If you would come with me, please?" he asked
politely, but his hand was all firm authority. It made Harry nervous.

"Is something wrong?"

"No, you just need to be debriefed and sign some papers. Legalities and
what not."

"... Okay."

He felt a little better when other students began to follow other
aurors, but not much. His situation was not the same as theirs and
everyone there knew it. They left the amphitheater and moved deeper into
the school. The entire fortress seemed to be made of obsidian like
material, and as they made their way through the halls, Harry could see
vague shapes and lights through the walls, but rather than reveal
anything it made everything that much more mysterious. What was that
moving there? Was that a person or a suit of armor? Why was that room
completely dark when the rest had at least one candle?

The amphitheater had been warm, as warm as Hogwarts in winter at least,
but the hallways seemed to hover just above freezing. The echo of their
footsteps against the high vaulted ceiling and a constant chill gave the
place an air of abandonment despite the presence of people.

Mausoleum, Harry decided, it was like a beautiful mausoleum where people
were very quiet and serious when they visited.

Or maybe he just missed home.

"Where are we going, sir?" Harry asked, after nearly four minutes of
walking and no destination in sight.

"Here." Grantz pointed at a door, large and adorned with bronze fixture
like everything else. He opened it and stepped inside. Harry made a
mental note of his wand being securely up his sleeve, and cautiously
followed behind him. There was a medi-witch with gray hair and a bony
face inside, along with a much younger assistant standing by her.

"Good day, Herr Potter," she said pleasantly, her tone kindly despite
her prickly expression.

"Good day to you, Madam?"

"Madam Wells. I'm going to perform a routine examination and ask you a
few health related questions, if that is alright."

Harry wasn't entirely sure that it was. The last routine examination
he'd had was when he was ten, which had been bad enough when he didn't
have anything to hide. But then, what would she do if he said no? She
seemed to sense his hesitation.

"It is all strictly confidential," she assured him. "The only people who
will have access to this information will be yourself and your personal
physician, who just happens to be me."

Harry nodded, but turned a questioning look to the auror standing
nearby. He took the hint as well.

"I'll just wait outside."

"Thank you."

He was glad for the his cooperation, because the first thing they did
was have him take off his clothes. The room was warm, but it was
embarrassing and intimidating having two people hover over him with
their instruments and their questions. It didn't help that they seemed
particularly interested in his moon tattoo.

"Is this scar from a curse?" she asked, pulling out a small orb from her
medical satchel. The orb was clouded white, but it turned dark blue when
she placed it near his mark. "That's strange. It's never done that
before. Never *dark* blue at least."

"What does that mean? Dark blue?" he asked, to avoid her first question
more than out of curiosity. He knew what the tattoo meant.

"It's saturated in magic, but not regular wizarding magic. Curse scars
usually turn it red or black. Tell me, have you had any run ins with
fairies?"

"Not that I know of."

"Do you remember where you got this?"

"..."

"It's alright, you can tell me."

"... I'd rather not..." ... because I don't know that I can *trust* you.
"It doesn't hurt."

"That's not the same as being harmless. If this is the result of a dark
spell, there are any number of things it could be doing to you,
physically, mentally, or magically. It would be best to remove it if at
all possible."

Harry shook his head, placing his hand protectively over the mark. It
had caused him a great deal of trouble, but it was tied into his body
and soul and he couldn't risk anyone tampering with it. "Leave it alone.
It's not a curse."

He wasn't going to tell her what it was though. Unless she was a pagan
herself, she would never understand the difference between a goddess'
blessing and a Dark Arts spell. With power of this sort, it was often
hard to tell the difference. She looked ready to argue, but he cut her
off.

"Can I get dressed now?"

She sighed, but nodded. He scurried back into his clothes. She gave him
some paperwork to fill out, some potions to help fight off pneumonia (a
necessity in Durmstang) and ordered him to eat more red meat and whole
grains to help bulk up, but said he was otherwise in perfect health.

She called the auror back in, who escorted Harry to yet another room,
where additional paperwork waited for him to fill out and sign. Most of
it had to do with either his admission into Durmstrang and his previous
course work or his application for political asylum. It was the *other*
forms that left him hesitant.

They were written in tiny print, but were several pages long by
themselves, the only legible sections were the places where it asked for
his signature. Having had bad experiences with magically binding
contracts, he set them aside for last.

"What are these?" he asked Grantz, once the regular forms were out of
the way. The auror shrugged.

"I don't know. I've never done a political asylum case before. Most of
them were done before I ever graduated from the academy."

Harry cast a quick charm on his glasses so he could actually read the
tiny gray print, and as he did he understood that they had definitely
wanted him to sign without reading them. They were waivers. Waivers of
his rights of asylum, of medical privacy, of his civil rights for
interrogation purposes. He looked back to the auror, but the man didn't
seem to think anything was wrong.

Harry tore the waivers in half. Grantz looked vaguely amused.

"That bad, huh? I wondered if Seibligg wouldn't try something."

"Why?"

The man shrugged. "The minister is in a tight spot. He is up for
re-election this fall, and since he is pretty much responsible for
provoking a fight with the Dark Lord, he needs a way to justify it or he
might find himself the scapegoat for the next electoral candidate. Your
his best option? Everyone knows you were the closest person the Dark
Lord has to an heir, but you still ran away. If he can get you to vouch
for his decisions, then he stands a good chance at re-elections. It
helps that you're pretty popular over here after you helped save Krum's
life. Getting your support can only help him, but if you don't cooperate
he has no legal recourse."

"So he can't make me?"

"... I don't know. I am sure he can make you damn uncomfortable if you
don't."

Harry sighed and ran a hand through his hair. He had hoped that, at the
very least, he had left his life of politics behind in Britain. Yet here
it was dogging his every move, only here he had few allies to call upon.

"You're awfully forthcoming about all of this," he said.

Grantz shrugged.

"I voted for the other guy."

Harry smiled at that. "I'll keep that secret, at least."

"I'd appreciate it."

They dragged their feet for as long as possible, chatting about
Quidditch mostly, but were eventually interrupted by a prim little witch
summoning them to meet the Minister of Magic. She didn't look happy to
find Harry had torn up some of his paperwork.

"That was uncalled for," she chided.

"That goes both ways, lady."

She huffed, and stalked ahead. She lead them to one of the towers, up a
ridiculous number of tightly winding stairs. It opened up into solarium,
surrounded by exotic ferns and large tropical flowers, and dome of glass
held up by metal cage. It reminded Harry of the the indoor exhibits at
the zoo he used to go to as a child.

The Minister sat directly in the center of the room, a small garden
table with a coffee set placed on it, seeming to admire his
surroundings. Six of his aids and two guards stood out of the way,
waiting to fulfill his smallest whim. Harry hadn't gotten a good look at
him before, but he was struck at how... unimpressive he looked in
comparison to Voldemort. For one, he was a little short and on the hefty
side, and he held an air of perpetual disinterest and boredom like some
spoiled aristocrat. Very unlike the Dark Lord who looked ready for
anything, ready to fight, ready to negotiate, ready lead a nation, and
ready to enjoy a moment to himself.

And he really needed to stop comparing this place with home.

And to stop calling it home, since it wasn't anymore.

"Good day, Herr Potter.

"Good day, Minister Seibligg."

"Have a seat," he offered, gesturing to the only other chair available,
directly across from him. Harry did as suggested. The witch that had
escorted them, came up and whispered something in the minister's ear
that he couldn't hear, but could guess at by the frown on the man's
face. When she finally moved away to join the others, the minister
turned to him.

"Do you doubt my hospitality, Herr Potter?"

There was an accusation in his tone, but Harry knew it for a
manipulation. He was good at spotting them these days. The minister was
expecting him to want to be helpful and polite as any guest should. He
either hadn't been informed or forgotten that Harry hadn't *chosen* to
come here.

"I do when you try cheap tricks like you did with the paperwork... and
the medi-witch. What did she tell you?"

He honestly didn't know if the medi-witch had been set up to betray his
confidence or not, but this seemed like a good time to find out. The
minister's eyes regarded him appraisingly, and he looked him over like
something new and shiny whose worth he had underestimated. His slow
smile left Harry feeling unclean in ways, Voldemort's leering never had.

"Interesting things. Of course, your *school* medical records were far
more informative. Tampering in some of the more interesting Dark Arts,
have we?"

Harry tensed. When had they gotten those? Had Viktor taken them? Why
hadn't he said anything? He forced himself to lean back in his chair.

"Wouldn't you like to know?"

"I most certainly would. I'd like to know every little dark secret that
dark man taught you behind closed doors. Every dark thing he did in
front of you, to you, *for* you in lurid detail. However, that would
probably take a few days, so I would be satisfied with a brief outline
of two or three of his more heinous acts."

Bile rose up in his throat, the feeling of *uncleanliness* spread. The
minister was a sicko freak, and worse he was a sicko freak who seemed to
feel confident enough unload his perversion on him, a fourteen year old
boy with no where to go. This could go very bad, very quickly.

"You would be disappointed," Harry said evenly, looking away from him
and up at the blue sky above them. "The only thing he ever taught me was
how to defend myself... from a variety of unsavory and powerful things."

A bluff, but he hoped the man believed it.

"Except for himself," the minister said knowingly.

"No... but I've learned a thing or two on my own."

The man chuckled darkly. "You're a fascinating young man, Herr Potter. I
can see why Lord Voldemort took such an... *interest* in you. You're
versatile. Charming when you want to be, ruthless when you must be, and
you don't back down. I could use someone like you in my service."

"No."

"I'm giving you a choice now, but don't think I can't *make* you, help
me. You undoubtedly have more than your fair share of Britain's national
secrets and secrets about the Dark Lord himself just swimming around in
your head, and I need it. Our mission failed to give the necessary
information we needed, and war with Britain is inevitable now. You can
either cooperate and earn the gratitude of both myself and Germany... or
I can make your life a living hell and take what I want."

"No."

Now more than ever Harry was unwilling to give up his secrets. It wasn't
just about him and Voldemort anymore, it was about Britain. If it was
true that Germany was going to war with his home country he wouldn't
help them do it. If anything he gave up lead to any of his friends or
classmates being hurt or killed, he wouldn't be able to live with
himself.

"I can charge you with spying you know. Lock you away in some little
concrete box with no light and only a hole to shit in."

Harry stood up. "This isn't Britain. You're not a dictator. You are held
accountable by your voters for what you do, and I am told they like me
more than you at the moment. Isn't it about time for your re-election,
Minister Seibligg?"

Harry didn't look at the man. He didn't think he could stand making eye
contact with him without gagging or without his fear giving him away. It
was a struggle to keep from running out of the room and his presence,
but he had to control himself. His hold on the situation was as tenuous
as spider silk, and all the man had to do was order any one of his aids
or guards to stop him and Harry couldn't afford to defend himself unless
things became truly desperate. What if the minister accused Harry of
attacking him? What if he really were accused of being a spy?

The long tense silence that hung in the air was broken by an abrupt
round of clapping. Harry couldn't hold back his initial flinch.

"Bravo, Herr Potter, bravo. Very well done. You got me. I can't do
anything to you... not *yet*, but wait for it. When people start to die,
they are going to demand your cooperation. Your publicity will make you
a target for their frustration, and the longer you dilly-dally the more
they will take out their anger on you."

Harry swallowed thickly. Was that true? He was vulnerable and he knew
it, but could the man only be bluffing in an attempt to force his hand?
Yes, but he could just as easily telling the truth.

Sensing his uncertainty, the minister continued.

"You have until July 1st. It would be better for you if you just gave in
now, and worked to gain yourself a little more-"

"Why July 1st?" he interrupted, not wanting to hear the rest.

"That's the date given on Voldemort's ultimatum."

"What ultimatum?"

Here Seibligg tone became congenial.

"The ultimatum to the German public to have me turned over to him to be
tried and executed or face his considerable wraith. "

---

The Weasley farm house spelled like cinnamon, and for that alone, Draco
was willing to overlook the fact that it was little more than a
dilapidated shack out in the boonies. It was everything his own home was
not. Small, crowded, and warm. He might very well have gone his entire
life without ever realizing it existed if it were not for Hermione
dragging him and Uncle Severus there on New Year's Eve, the day all the
Weasley siblings gathered together at their ancestral home to celebrate
with their blood family.

The entire Malfoy line was probably rolling in their graves, and if his
father knew exactly where they were he probably would have sent all
three of them to join his ancestors.

The entire Weasley family, sans the still imprisoned Arthur Weasley of
course, plus their aunt and cousin, were gathered around the table.
Those who couldn't find a chair, sat on the available counter tops or on
the nearby stairs or leaned in a doorway. Snape was with Molly Weasley,
playing the polite guest and keeping himself from boredom by helping her
peel vegetables, although their was an underlying tension between them
that was hard to miss. No one was speaking. For Draco, it was all too
surreal.

"Someone say something," he bit out at last, tired of the quiet and
tired of their blank faces.

"I don't believe it. Why would they do that?" Ginny said first, her
expression twisted into fear and anger and confusion all at once. "He
even saved Krum. Why would they kidnap him?"

Percy chipped in. "Well, he *is* the Dark Lord's protégé. As far as
hostages go, he's ideal."

"So, they might send him back once the Durmstang students get back home
safely?" Ginny said hopefully.

"More likely in exchange for the prisoners father *did* manage to
catch," Draco said.

Charlie shook his head. "They won't just send him back. He's the only
source of valuable information they have on the Dark Lord."

"They won't hurt him, will they?" Ginny asked. There was a silence,
which was surprisingly enough broken by Snape.

"They will not hurt him. According to my sources, the papers are
reporting Potter as being 'rescued', not kidnapped, which makes good
explanations for torture a little bit hard to come by."

"Rescued?" Fred laughed humorlessly. "Who do they think they're
kidding?"

Ron rolled his eyes. "You give him too much credit. I bet he went with
them willingly. He probably even asked them."

"What the fuck Ron?"

"Watch your language, Fred! And mind your words, Ronald," Molly warned
from the kitchen, pointing her peeling knife right at the both of them.

"I'm just saying," the youngest son protested, "... Merlin, you think
he'd want to stick around after all the shi- stuff he's been through?
Every other week he's in the infirmary, his foster mother gets killed
right in front of him, his ex-girlfriend treats him like the plague,
he's stuck at the beck and call of the Dark Lord, and he's got summers
with Snape to look forward to ... no offense, Professor."

"Detention the Monday you get back."

"I'm just saying... hey, maybe he saw a way out and he took it."

"He wouldn't have done that," Hermione said. "He wouldn't have left
everything. His life wasn't perfect, but he wouldn't have run away."

Ron shrugged. "Everyone has their breaking point. Being roped into a
life or death tournament was probably his."

Bill shook his head and sighed. "That doesn't matter now. The tournament
is canceled. I had to break the magical contract myself, and it was an
ugly one. That could actually be the reason they took him. Both Krum and
Harry would have died if we hadn't destroyed the contract before the end
of the school year. The Dark Lord probably would have been fine with
offing Krum, but Harry is another matter altogether."

"That's right... I am sorry to hear about Fleur," Molly said, sounding
genuinely regretful. "I would have loved to have met her before she had
to go home."

"Yeah..."

Ron snorted. He still was no fan of Fleur Delacour or his brother's
infatuation with her, even now that she was being sent back to France
with the rest of her classmates and political representatives. There was
an awkward silence.

"Do you think," Ginny said at last, "That he could get back on his own?
I mean, escape from Germany and get back to Britain? Or maybe the Dark
Lord could mount a rescue mission?"

There were mixed expressions of hope and skepticism. In truth, though
they were all worried for Harry in varying degrees and wanted him to be
returned safely and unharmed, they were also avoiding a more serious
issue than Harry's disappearance.

Britain was now in a cold war with Germany, and at any moment it could
erupt into a full scale war. Preparations were already being made for
the rationing of supplies, and papers were already listing precautionary
measures to defending home and family, a call for the extension of the
Brass Cult's authority in assisting national defense and local law
enforcement, and rumors of a curfew to come into affect as early as
mid-spring.

They were young, but they remembered enough to know sorrow and the
heartache a war would bring. It had torn apart their country, widowed
and orphaned friends and neighbors, and left them poverty ridden for
nearly six years afterwards. They didn't want to face it again, but it
seemed their was no way for them to avoid it. As afraid as the nation
was of war, they were equally outraged by how they had been treated.

Snape in particular didn't want to get involved. Unlike the others, he
had been a soldier, an assassin, and he might still be called upon yet
again by his master to perform those tasks which still sometimes woke
him up at night in a cold sweat.

He also didn't want Harry to return. He didn't delve too deeply in his
reasoning for this, only accepted that he dreaded the possibility of the
boy caught in his master's cold, merciless hands. He would feel the same
way for any child caught in such a situation he figured. Years of
teaching had made him soft.

"Mr. Potter," he said, "Will no doubt make the most of his situation. I
recommend all of you doing the same."

There was a depressed silence, until after a moment Draco looked up.
"...Since the tournament is canceled does this mean Quidditch season is
back on again?"

"Draco!"

---

Durmstrang was not Hogwarts, and the days that followed Harry's
enrollment were wrought with rude awakenings and prolonged
disorientation. The easy academic atmosphere he was used to was replaced
with extreme discipline and barely controlled aggression. Everyone
followed a tight schedule, waking up at five in the morning, eating at
six, study hall from six-thirty to eight and then classes until one,
followed by lunch, and then another two hours of study hall. By three
thirty no-one could stand another minutes of books, and everyone usually
dispersed to exert their energy on the variety of sports the fortress
offered. It was too cold to play outside, but the school provided a
variety of enormous empty rooms and corridors in which to play,
including a quidditch pitch and pool twice as large any Harry had ever
seen.

Dinner was at six-thirty, afterwards they had until nine to perform the
variety of chores Harry had been used to leaving to the house elves.
Laundry was a major one. He had learned the hard way to be careful to
remember where he washed his school uniform in the student laundry room.
He had accidentally run off with someone else's once and hadn't realized
it until the next morning when he got dressed and discovered he had
shrunk three inches. Ironing was tedious. Polishing his boots had never
even occurred to him until his dorm captain had snapped at him about it.
And every day the list seemed to grow.

Lights out was at nine. Harry didn't sleep well, the sound of wind
against the windows gave him bad dreams of ice demons calling him out
into the wasteland beyond the glassy fortress walls. And on those rare
nights the air was still, he dreamed he was drowning, pulled down into
the cold darkness by things unseen.

This routine repeated itself six days out of the week. There were no
weekend visits to local villages, no dances or balls, and no special
events except for the monthly quidditch matches between the school's
four teams. There were also no houses and no point system, and whoever
you ended up studying with or rooming with was a product of chance
rather than personality. The only things that separated any of the
students was grade level and gender.

The girls studied, ate, roomed, and played sports by themselves. The
only time a girl and boy might meet was in passing on the way to class
or on Sundays. Sundays were their own, and Harry coveted them fiercely.

What Durmstang lacked in flexibility, it made up for in novelty. Harry
had never encountered a place like it, and he spent his Sundays
exploring. At first glance the entire fortressed seemed uniformly
colored, changing from black, to gray, to dark grayish-blue, and back to
gray and black again as the sun rose and set, but Harry found splashes
of color in the most peculiar of places. The bathrooms on the highest
floor of the Eastern wing were tiled in dark red and orange glass so
that when sun hit just right the room looked as if it were on fire. The
corridor on the lowest floor of the Southern end had stain glass windows
of a Norwegian Ridgeback stretched out across a grassy meadow, its
emerald skin reflected against the walls and the floor, shifting as the
sun moved and the dragon changed its position to get more comfortable.
The astronomy tower was alive with illusions of stars and planets and
galaxies, whirling around the room in sparkling masses of every shape
and size.

Harry hunted the school for these little treasures, taking his
sketchbook with him where ever he went. It was the first time he had
drawn anything in months.

---

"It's not that bad," Viktor said, his expression disapproving as he
watched Harry sulk over his dinner. He had been given soup... again, for
failing to follow some rule or other. Un-shined boots or doodling in
study hall or something equally trivial. It was a first year's error,
and understandable really, but Harry was taking it too personally.

"I haven't had anything but soup in three days," Harry sighed. "It
wasn't even my fault. How was I suppose to know the West wing was
restricted for teachers?"

"It was in your student manual..."

"It's over a hundred pages long! Besides, I was trying to get away from
the Oblitz's snoop squad." At this, Harry threw a mutinous look over his
shoulder, and several boys a few tiers up the amphitheater quickly
turned away. "Is there a rule in there about follow people around?"

"... there is... but that's for boys following girls around."

"Think if I accused one of them of being gay it would work in my favor?"

"Harry," Viktor warned.

"*Viktor*," he sniped back, tossing his spoon into his bowl. He ran a
hand through his hair, his *short* hair. They'd cut it, like everyone
else's, but his hair was unmanagable and the only thing they had
accomplished was making the nap of his neck look a little more tidy.
They had gotten him his own uniform and boots too, the sort he had to
iron and polish every night in the castle's absence of house elves. A
five in the morning wake up call and a nine o'clock lights out were
other things he was still struggling to adjust to.

"Sorry..." he said after a moment. "I'm just tired."

Viktor nodded. He understood where Harry was coming from. Every first
year went through the same period of adjustment and homesickness, and
Harry was facing other things that were weighing on his mind. After a
week, a little crabbiness was hardly unexpected.

"It's fine. How is your homework coming?"

Harry shrugged. "Alright. Trying to figure out what ingredients the
potion's master is talking about is giving me a headache, but it's
nothing I can't handle."

"They're not giving you any grief, are they?"

"Not really. Frau Jetter treats me like I'll implode her head if she
looks at me directly, and Herr Von Wargon seems to think I was taught
history of magic by a nitwit and acts surprised whenever I answer
correctly, but it's nothing I can't handle. Of course, I think I avoided
serious injury electing to go into Curse Breaking instead of Dark Arts
class."

The older boy grimaced. The entire school knew the Dark Arts professor
had it out for Potter, and lines were being drawn to keep out of their
way. Aside from Viktor and Jophery and a few of the older students who
had been in Britain, everyone tended to avoid one Harry Potter, refugee
and virtual unknown. Some seemed to believe Harry really was a spy, like
those who followed him around in shifts, relentless in their pursuit to
protect the school from him. Most just didn't want to be caught in
between them. Harry already had a reputation from the Tri-wizard
tournament that everyone was cautious about testing it. Oblitz was an
old danger they were familiar with.

"You should join a quidditch team. The reserves, at least. The exercise
helps fight off the fatigue."

"I'll think about it. I don't know if can handle anything else at the
moment." If anything, Viktor thought Harry had an over abundance of free
time. It wasn't uncommon to find him sitting alone in the library,
scribbling in his sketchpad or wandering around the fortress, but Viktor
wasn't going to push it. The former Gryffindor was still upset with him,
even if he didn't say it directly, he blamed him for taking him away
from his home. Worse, Harry was too afraid to chase him away. He had no
one else to turn to at Durmstrang.

"Hey! Look what my dad sent me! We're infamous!" Jophery said, coming
out of nowhere, to sit beside Harry. He had a newspaper in his hand,
which he proudly displayed to them. On the cover in giant letters
flashed;

*Durmstrang Student Rescues Rescuer!*

There was a picture at the bottom with Harry looking around the very
same hall they were eating in, Viktor near by looking directly at the
minister. The younger boy blushed. He looked like a lost little kid next
to Viktor, which was no doubt their intention.

"Dare I ask?" Harry said, about as enthusiastic to read a German
newspaper as he was a British one.

"You dare, you know you do," Jophery laughed. "It's not too bad. Just
loads about how you rescued Viktor from centaurs and he rescues you from
a creepy Dark Lord. Apparently, you're both best of friends, which I
have to say I resent. I saw him first."

Viktor sighed.

"But I'm in there too! Look- 'The rescue was an organized and well
orchestrated effort by all of the students. Viktor Krum lead all the
students to safety, while Jophery Hughes flew Potter himself to the
sanctuary of the ship, and everyone- blah blah saved the ship from being
blow up by angry Sentinels blah."

Harry shook his head, chuckling even though he didn't find it the least
bit funny. He had heard the stories circulating around the school, and
while he still had some serious misgivings about being imperio-ed and
the German plot to spy on Britain, he wasn't going shout it out to
anyone. Especially not after his talk with Minister Spieligg. It was so
damn frustrating not to be able to say it out right.

"I would have thought this was old news by now," Harry said, instead.

"Oh, it is. This printed the day after we got back. Dad's finally run
out of people he can show it off too."

That caught Harry's attention. The paper was from the beginning of this
entire fiasco. It might still have the information he needed about
Voldemort's ultimatum.

"Can I borrow it?"

Jophery looked a bit surprised, but just shrugged and handed it over to
him. "Sure. Not like everyone here doesn't know how fabulous I am
already."

Viktor smacked him upside the head. Harry took his newspaper and
wandered off, as the two started to quibble over something or other. As
he expected, some of the other students from before got up to follow
him. He waited until he was in the Eastern end of the castle, just
outside of the teacher's corridor and briefly out of sight before he
caste the Sticking Charm Fred and George had taught him on the floor,
then hurried around another corner to wait.

Sure enough the sound of footsteps abruptly halting and then a series of
non-magical curses. He smirked to himself and hurried on to the
Quidditch Pitch. The Quidditch Pitch was similar to the Hogwart's pitch
except enclosed in a giant dome. It was sunny and open, and the closest
to 'outside' any of them got until summer break. It was also deserted
during lunch, which left him just ten minutes to find what he was
looking for.

He didn't have to look far. There was a brief reference to the Ultimatum
in the headline, but the real information came on page three.

"... with the students and their guest safely behind the Durmstrang
fortress, the Dark Lord of Britain appears more desperate than before,
launching his threats not against the students but the Minister of Magic
himself, stating that if he does not hand over those responsible for the
mission and his former protégé Harold Potter to the British Authorities,
he will take violent and extreme actions against both Minister and
Germany itself.'

"'We will not be intimidated by terroristic threats, not from a foreign
dictator or anyone else. We will protect our children, and that includes
young Potter, from the heavy hand of tyrants..."

Harry stopped and took a deep breath.

"He wants me back..." he thought. "But for what?"

He found out two days later, when Jophery brought him yet another
article, this one four days old.

*Britain Accuses Durmstrang of Kidnapping!*

---

Morgana skulked into the living room, tossed herself onto the couch and
let out an enormous sigh. Robert looked up from his ledger just as
Alyssa followed her sister's example and slumped into a chair with a
dramatic flair. He looked around in hopes of finding Kyle, who usually
handled the girls' little melodramas. Alas, he was at the grocer's, he
remembered. He tried ignoring them.

There was another loud sigh, shortly there after echoed by the younger.

He tried to calculate the cost of the mortgage and whether they should
make a smaller payment in lieu of of yet another overdone Christmas.

Another sigh. Another echo.

"Is something the matter?" he ventured, not looking up from his ledger.

"Papa..." Morgana said, "Do you think Prince Harry will ever come back?"

Here Robert had to fight against a sigh of his own. They had learned of
Harry's kidnapping the day after Christmas from Wizarding Weekly, and
like so many others had been outraged and terrified for him. They had to
keep their calm with the children though, reassuring them that their
prince would be fine. He was just on another amazing adventure.
Kidnapped by pirates in a great black ship, but he was clever and brave
and would escape or defeat them or teach them the error of their ways.

When the children were at school though, he talked with Kyle about what
might really happen to Harry and what that meant for the rest of them.
All they knew at the moment was that Harry was at Durmstrang Institute,
an enchanted fortress perched atop a mountain in a place cursed with
perpetual snow and cold. The school was as secure as any prison, and no
one came or went without passing through a gauntlet of security checks
and wards, creating such a hassle that the students couldn't even return
home for the holidays.

Harry could not be rescued so long as he was there, and the more time
that passed the more damage that could be done. He was the Dark Lord's
protégé, after all. He would be interrogated and for someone as brave
and loyal as Harry they would have to employ more severe tactics to gain
any results. It gave him nightmares to think about it. He refused to
give his daughters nightmares by telling them the truth.

"Of course. Do you doubt him?"

"No..." her tone contrary to her words. "But... he's been gone a long
time. What if he likes it where he is?"

Robert looked up and smiled at her.

"Likes it there? You do know they kidnapped him and stuck him in an ice
fortress. What is there to like about that?"

She twiddled her thumbs, thinking about it, still unconvinced.

"But it's a really nice fortress, isn't it? That's what Joel says. It's
like Hogwarts, only it's made out of crystals and everyone wears furs
and they're really good at quidditch. Harry likes quidditch."

"Yes, Harry likes quidditch, and I'm sure the Durmstrang knights and
ladies are all trying very hard to convince him to stay and become one
of them, but I know that he won't. Durmstrang isn't his kingdom. He'll
come home to protect his homeland."

Morgana fell silent and considered this, and finally nodded.

"Yeah, he wouldn't leave us. His daddy's the king, so he has to help
protect us."

Robert nearly choked at the mere notion of Voldemort being anyone's
'daddy' let alone Harry's, however similar their appearances might be.
Alyssa turned out to be more skeptical.

"But..." the littlest Reicher began, "Why did they take him away? He's
not their prince. It was a bad thing to do."

He nodded. "Yes, it was very bad. It's wrong to steal, especially
people."

"So why did they?"

He had to think about that. Telling them he had been taken so they could
torture him for information just wasn't going to cut it.

"They were jealous. Durmstrang doesn't have any princes, only knights
and ladies and a very stupid Minister, so they decided to steal ours."

Alyssa huffed at the notion. "That's dumb."

He shrugged. "People do dumb things sometimes. We just have to wait for
them to realize their mistake. It may take a long time, but Prince Harry
will find his way home eventually."

"He better. My birthday is coming up and he promised he'd come. I even
told Joel, but he said I was lying."

"No worries, poppet, I'm sure he'll be back by then," he assured her,
but inside he ached.

What would he do when her birthday came and there was no Harry? Would
she finally realize things were much worse than he had told her? Alyssa
already seemed to suspect, but she trusted him. He was digging himself
into a hole with these fairy tales, and it just kept getting deeper.

But he still he refused to give them nightmares.

---

"Where were you when the Durmstrang students fled?" Snape asked, his
tone deceptively bored as he stared across his desk at Horace McGunny,
who was also looking deceptively bored right back at him.

"I was in my room, sleeping. I wasn't feeling well."

"Why not the nurses office?"

"I didn't want to spend my ENTIRE holiday break in the infirmary just
because I drank too much hot chocolate. No offense, but Madam Pomfrey is
a bit of an alarmist."

"Was anyone there to confirm you were there?"

"Maybe. Some of the time at least. Colin came and woke me up."

Snape nodded, and wrote a note on his parchment. McGunny watched him,
and subtly leaned forward.

"Can I ask what this is all about?"

"Information gathering for the case against Durmstrang. If you recall
anything that sticks out in your mind, now would be the time say it."

"Why not a Sentinel? It's their job, isn't it?"

Snape's expression hardened, twisting his parchment out of reading
range. "A Sentinel doesn't know the students of Hogwarts like I do.
Underestimating you would be a serious mistake."

The Ravenclaw settled back into his chair and looked away, warned and
chastise all at once. He rubbed his hands against his robes, the only
sign of how nervous he really was to be stuck in Snape's office
completely alone.

"I can't think of anything relevant. They kept to themselves, except for
Harry but he was also their liaison, so I can't even begin to guess if
they planned to take Harry or if it was just a matter of opportunity."

"It was planned," Snape said, but didn't elaborate. "One more question.
Do you know where the Dark Lord's office is?"

McGunny tensed. "Why?"

Black eyes narrowed.

The boy relented and nodded. "Yes. I've been by there once or twice."

"What could possibly have led you to that particular section of the
castle? Surely not to question the Dark Lord."

"No. I followed Harry there once. I wanted to ask him some questions for
an article."

"Did you ever go inside?"

"No. I don't even know how Harry got inside and I never asked. Why?"

"You keep calling him Harry."

There was sudden deep and pervading silence, and Snape stared intently
at the Ravenclaw's blank face and clenched fists.

"Am I not allowed to call him that?"

"It does seem inappropriate. The first name is usually reserved for
friends and family, which I wasn't aware of you being either."

"We're friends."

"Also inappropriate. You run the school newspaper, and Mr. Potter is
regularly featured. Isn't a certain level of professional detachment
required in order to remain objective?"

"What are you implying, Professor?"

"Obviously, I'm implying that you're behaving inappropriately."

McGunny eyes widened..

"Sir?"

"You are dismissed."

Confused and somewhat flustered, McGunny stood and hurried out. Snape
watched him go, his eyes like a hawk following his every move until he
had disappeared. Once the boy was gone, he opened one of the drawers of
his desk and pulled out a list of names. On it was everyone who had been
in the castle the day the Durmstrang students fled, including all the
foreigners and Harry himself. All the Beaubaxton students and
headmistress and teacher's names had been crossed out, along with most
of the students and Minerva McGonagall's. Beside McGunny's name he
placed a little star.

The boy had been his most likely candidate so far. The Hogwarts' Herald
editor and chief had a veritable legion of information gatherers and was
himself highly resourceful and motivated. That he knew nothing or had no
legitimate theories about what happened was highly suspect, and finding
a way to enter the Dark Lord's office did not seem like such a mean feat
with enough time and some inside information.

Like from Harry. Harry who apparently was friends with him, and never
told anyone.

The only other name with a star beside it on the list was that of the
infamous Gryffindor himself. Snape didn't understand the logic entirely,
but Harry had access to Voldemort's office and it wasn't impossible that
he may have uncovered the German's plot. Could he have sent that warning
as a sort of apology for trying to kill the Dark Lord?

It was a theory full of holes, and he didn't put much stock in it.
McGunny seemed more likely, but even that theory was pretty weak. His
motivations were equally unclear. In fact, the more time he spent
investigating the less convinced he was of the involvement of anyone in
the castle. It was only a Hogwarts owl that had them concluding it was
from Hogwarts. The paper could have come from any number of the Dark
Lord's offices, the bird itself could have been stolen and used for the
sole purpose of misleading investigators. The tipster obviously didn't
want his or her identity known.

It wasn't the sort of answer he could give the Dark Lord and still walk
away in one piece.

"Potter, I'm not sure how, but I know this entire thing is your fault."

---

The full moon rose over Durmstrang, the first of the New Year and in the
new life of Harry Potter. Strange energy welled up in him slowly, like a
tide, washing away his fear and his uncertainty as the night settled
over the school. It was a strong as ever. Madris had done nothing to
lessen the Moon's influence over him, but then he had never asked her
to. There hadn't been time or opportunity.

"Are you alright?" Jophery asked, eying him oddly. They were gathered in
the amphitheater, eating dinner. For once, Harry had managed to earn
something other than soup to eat, noodles and cream sauce with marble
bread on the side, but he hadn't touched it except to move it around on
his plate.

"Great," Harry said, his tone skating the edge of a snarl. "How are
you?"

For once the full moon had not brought giddiness or detachment, but
instead a powerful aggression he was struggling every second to contain.
He was angry, the angriest he had been since his argument with Viktor on
the ship, but now his inhibitions were failing and if he didn't find
someplace to vent he knew he would end up hurting someone. In an hour
two, when the moon was at its zenith, he doubted he would care.

"Great," Jophery replied a bit more uncertainly. "... Has something
happened?"

Harry gave him a look.

"... I mean aside from the obvious."

"No."

"... Then why aren't you wearing your glasses?"

*Because I left the set I use for the full moon in my nightstand at
Hogwarts,* he thought testily, but didn't say. He was still aware of the
students behind him, watching his every move and listening to his every
word.

"New spell I'm trying."

"Oh."

An awkward silence fell. Harry made an attempt at his dinner but quickly
gave up. Food wouldn't satisfy him right now.

"Harry."

He looked up to see Viktor. The older boy tensed, recognizing the look
in Harry's eyes as the affects of the supposed curse he had read about
and experienced first hand.

"What?"

"The Ministry sent someone to speak with you about your living
arrangements for the summer."

"They couldn't have just sent a letter?"

"..."

"Fine." Harry got up, abandoning his food to follow after him. He made a
point to cast a glare over his shoulder at the boys who looked ready to
get up and follow, warning without a word how bad of an idea that would
be with his sharp green eyes alone. Wisely, they reseated themselves.
They moved through the cold hallways, Viktor pulling his cloak tight
around him while Harry let his own billow open, unaffected. The sconces
had been lit for the evening, making the interior of the castle glow
like the inside of a lantern, firelight reflecting off of the glassy
walls.

They moved to the higher floors, up tightly winding stairs and down
through corridors where the ceiling rose several stories above them and
chandeliers coated in candle tallow dripped down like stalactites from
some ancient cave. They were near the Headmaster's office now, a place
Harry had only seen once, but they turned right before they reached it
and entered one of the many domed rooms of Durmstrang. The room was
filled with trophies and plaques, some of them centuries old and others
only a few months. Plaques covered every inch of the walls, but
additional columns and display cases had been erected randomly around
the room to accommodate the extra wards, turning the space into a forest
of magical acknowledgments, shadows all around and unseen things lurking
behind the cover of steel and glass and wood.

The setting was ominous, but Harry felt more at ease in this vaguely
sylvan atmosphere, where his senses acclimated to things most wizards
would never know. Viktor, who had said nothing and hadn't looked back at
him since leaving the amphitheater, finally turned around to face him.
He was silent for a moment, his tense expression telling Harry that he
must be wondering at the torchlight reflecting off his eyes like the
night shine of some nocturnal animal.

"You've seen it before," Harry reminded him, smirking at the older boy's
obvious nervousness.

"He's waiting for you at the center," was all Viktor said before turning
back around and leaving. Harry felt a suspicion rise in him at his
retreat, and he drew his wand and took a circuitous route towards the
center, carefully muffling his footsteps as he approached.

The center of the trophy room had kept a twenty foot diameter free of
obstruction, allowing for a moderately sized circular table at its
center, a small tea set on top of it. An elderly wizard sat there, his
robes a garish blue with neon stars and moons dotting it all over and a
long gray beard reaching down to his knees. Harry was used to odd
fashions among wizards, but usually they were civilians. Court and
Ministry witches and wizards had always been fairly conservative.

The wizard cleared his through and took a sip of tea, then slowly turned
his entire body towards his observer. His eyes were bright blue and
twinkled behind his wire-rim glasses.

"Hello, Mr. Potter," the old wizard greeted in perfect English, his
accent swallow in the gentle rasp of his age. "It is a pleasure to
finally meet you. Would you care to join me for some tea?"

"I'm fine where I am," he said, feeling the beginnings of a game coming
on. This wizard had instincts. He was interested in testing them against
his own. He pulled back a little further into the column forest and
began to circle. The old wizard turned back to his tea set, but he
followed Harry with his eyes.

"Are you sure? I have lemon drops."

"Mother taught me not to accept candy from strangers."

"Yes, I suppose Lily would never skip over such an important lesson."

Harry paused. The wizard's eyes remained fixed on him, though Harry knew
the shadows too deep to actually see him.

"You knew my mother?"

"And your father. Your godfathers, as well."

"You seem to know a lot of people, but I'm afraid I don't know you." He
turned and began walking back in the direction he had come. The ruse did
not work, the man still followed his movements perfectly.

"Ah, my apologies. My name is Albus Dumbledore, an old friend of your
family."

Harry drew a sharp breath and instinctively drew even further back. This
was Dumbledore? He did not fit the mental picture he had made of him. In
his mind's eye, Dumbledore was similar to Voldemort, tall and regal with
vitality that belied his years, ready to face dangerous enemies and
conjure the sort of magic only found in legend. He certainly hadn't
expected this grandfatherly figure, his entire countenance softened by
age and gentle mirth. Could this really be the man that sent Moody to
kill him only last year?

"What do you want?" he asked sharply.

"I wanted to speak with you before the end of term. I thought you should
known as much information as possible in advance to better prepare
yourself," the wizard said, his tone soft and soothing, cajoling him to
calmness and enticing him out of the shadows. Harry wasn't bitting.

"Prepare for what?"

"I have applied for guardianship of you with the Ministry, and given the
circumstances of your stay in Germany I dare say I am one of the very
few applicants qualified for it."

The moon's influence was beginning to strengthen, depriving him of any
fear that he knew he should be feeling at this statement, but in fear's
absence, defensiveness was taking root.

"You tried to have me killed."

"Never. That is a lie spread by Voldemort to further his political
agenda and blacken my name. You must know him better than most. Does
this not sound like something he would do?"

Harry thought about it. "Yes... but it could just as easily be the
truth. Why should I trust you?"

"Your parents did."

"So did my godfathers, so did hundreds of other people and you left them
behind in Britain while the Dark Lord tore through the country."

"Touché."

They were silent for awhile, each gaging the other but neither able to
come to any conclusions. Harry broke the silence first.

"What do you want with me?"

"I want to protect you. Voldemort will surely attempt to kill you while
here in Germany so that he may blame the Germans and further incite a
war. Additionally, having nearly succeeded in killing Voldemort, he can
not possible allow you to exist. You are too much of a threat to him,"
Dumbledore said plainly.

Harry felt an upwelling of anger, but most of it was directed at Viktor
rather than the man before him.

"He told you? Viktor told you about what happened?"

Dumbledore took a sip of his tea. "He told me what he *believes*
happened. I would really like to hear your version of the event."

"No. I won't help you. Forget it."

"Harry-"

"Don't call me that! Don't you *dare* pretend we're familiar. You just
want to use me like the Minister does to kill him, but I won't do it.
The first time was just an accident."

"Mr. Potter, please calm down. You misinterpret my intentions. I would
never ask you to murder anyone. I am not protecting you for that
purpose, but as recompense for my own sins."

Harry was skeptical, but he hesitated denouncing him for the moment and
let him continue.

"You were correct when you said I abandon my friends and allies, and it
was a decision that has haunted me for many years. At the time, I saw it
as the only means by which I could continue to lead the resistance, but
now I live in shame of it, though my reasoning remains the same. You are
one of those who were left behind, perhaps not in the traditional sense,
but in all the ways that matter. More than that I see Voldemort's
attempt to corrupt you, and your own attempts to remain untainted as
failing. Please, I know that I can help you."

"Liar! If you were really sorry about what you had done you would have
tried to save me *before* you knew I could hurt him, when I was still
just one of hundreds of orphans with no special privileges or
protections. You would have saved me from the Dursley's and that
miserable existence. Just leave me alone. I don't believe you and I
don't need your help!"

He made a break for the exit, not wanting to stay any longer and
uncertain of what would happen if he did. He could feel his anger
rising, magic shimmering against his skin like the heat of a fever. He
hadn't made it far, however, when he was met with resistance. He ran
straight into a column that he hadn't seen. He bounced off of it and
onto the floor. Cursing, he climbed shakily to his feet, feeling like an
idiot. His supposed foolishness was soon disproved as he tried to step
around the column and a display case moved soundless to block him.
Shocked, he could only stare as more columns and trophy cases began to
rearrange themselves to block his retreat.

"What the...?"

"My apologies, yet again."

Harry spun around to find that the barriers behind him and moved aside
completely, leaving him open and in the direct line of sight of the old
wizard, whose wand was now in his hand and his tea forgotten. His eyes
were still twinkling though.

Harry tightened the grip on his wand.

"You have no reason to trust me," Dumbledore continued, "and I have no
right to ask it of you, but time will reveal my intentions to be
sincere. I have told no one what you have told Viktor in confidence, not
the Minister or the press or even my own supporters. This is the first
gesture I have made. Any others must occur after your release from
Durmstrang this summer. I understand your reluctance, but I assure you
it is for your own good."

"What if I say no?" Harry challenged, spinning around to face him, but
careful not to look him directly in the eyes. If Voldemort were a
legilimens then Dumbledore could possibly be as well.

"You are still a minor, Mr. Potter, however mature you believe yourself
to be and in the middle of several dangerous situations you only partly
understand. You need help, however reluctant you are to receive it."

With a snarl, Harry swung out his wand, "Don't underestimate me!
*Irritum facio!*"

The old wizard had raised his wand to throw up a spell of his own, but
stopped the moment he realized what the boy had cast. The Gryffindor
spun away from him and back towards the barrier before him and unleashed
the brunt of his rage.

"*REDUCTO!*"

There was a deafening roar and an explosion; glass, stone, and metal
trophies and plates raining down and with it a cloud of dust. Dumbledore
quickly moved himself beneath the table, fragments from the blasting
spell pelting the barrier above him. When all the rubble had fallen and
only a gray dust cloud remained, the only thing that remained of Harry
was the sound of his retreating footsteps. The old wizard let out a wry
chuckle, and dragged himself out.

He was impressed. He had come mainly to observe the affects of the Full
Moon Curse that Viktor had described, and uncover the true nature of the
Dark Lord's protégé in the absence of his inhibitions and truly the
child was something remarkable. Untrusting, yes, angry, sure, and with
some seriously misplaced loyalty, definitely, but he wasn't cruel and he
wasn't murderous and at least he had loyalty to someone other than
himself.

The Nullification Charm had been particularly clever, summoning a
invisible bubble around Dumbledore so that the wizard could send out no
spells towards the boy but also making it nearly impossible for the boy
to send any spells *at him*, giving Harry just enough time to escape. If
the boy had simply thrown the Blasting Hex at him, he might have
actually been in trouble, but Harry wasn't another Tom, thank goodness,
even if he had just shown himself a force to be reckoned with.

The sound of footsteps running closer warned Dumbledore of someone's
approach, and he wasn't the least bit surprised when Viktor came rushing
through the haze of dust, staring around him in complete befuddlement.
He looked to the elder wizard curiously, then around what remained of
the trophy hall.

"Did Harry do this?"

"Indeed he did. Remarkable for someone his age," he chuckled, looking at
the utter carnage. "And rather unfortunate for the two of us. I'm afraid
I'm going to need your help cleaning up before the Headmaster returns.
Getting our young friend sent to detention for the rest of the semester
is probably not the best way to endear him to me."

Viktor looked around and sighed. This is what he got for telling
Dumbledore the truth, he supposed. The man just had to test it.

"I take it things didn't go well?"

"About as well as I expected... though I have to say I'm glad they
uphold the 'no wand policy' for summer breaks in Germany. Would you like
a lemon drop? Harry didn't want any so I have plenty of extra."

"Er... no, thank you, Professor."

"Suit yourself. We had better get started, then. *Reparo!*"

---
