# Treason III

Lucius stared down at the owl currently trying to right itself on his
office floor. It was not one he recognized, though even if he had he
would still have stunned it. Owls did not come into his office. They
dropped their letters off with his secretaries or some random
lieutenant, who in turn checked his mail (without opening it) for
curses, jinxes, poisons, portkeys, and various other potential hazards.

Now was not the time for his security to become spotty.

"Cooper!"

His office door swung open, and slightly chubby little lieutenant rushed
inside, simultaneously saluting and looking for danger.

"Sir!"

"This thing just came through my floo. My *restricted* floo. Find out
who sent it."

"Yes, sir!"

And like the lemming that he was, Cooper went straight to the fire
place, cast a back-tracking spell, and threw himself inside without
thought to the potential danger he had jumped straight into. Lucius
sneered.

"Moron."

He cast a few more spells on the bird, to see if it posed a threat, but
it was perfectly ordinary owl with a less than ordinary letter. More
spells, and he was getting quite bored of casting them at this point,
and finally he snatched up the letter. Now wasn't this a curiosity? It
was definitely written on Voldemort's personal stationary, but the Dark
Lord had no reason to write him after their meeting. Who would have
access to it, or even know how to use it? It was rumored you couldn't
even write on it without special ink made of Dark Lord's own blood.

The handwriting was not Voldemort's and did not even make an attempt to
disguise itself as such. Quite the contrary it was written to conceal
identity, little more than well spelled out chicken scratch. What it
lacked in elegance it made up for in content. After the first three
sentences, he was spurred into action.

"Nixon!"

Another lieutenant lemming shot into the room as briskly as the first.

"Si-"

"Get me a physician."

"Are you ill-"

"*Now!"*

---

"This place reeks ," Greyback grumbled as he stalked into Voldemort's
room. He was agitated, being summoned like some sort of pet dog from his
forest and his pack, but he knew the situation was too grave for him to
stand on pride. It didn't make him any happier about it though. "And you
look like shit."

Voldemort managed a sickly grin, shining white teeth bared against his
presumption. He had finally stopped bleeding an hour ago, but he knew
the werewolf couldn't smell it over the sinus burning stink of
antiseptic. There was no need to inform the dog just how sick his master
had truly been, or perhaps might still be.

"Poor baby," he mocked, reclining as if on a chaise rather than a
hospital bed. "Did you not get your nap today?"

Greyback let out a warning growl, but it did nothing against the dark
wizard. The alpha gave up with an annoyed snort and walked to the
nearest window. Diana, who had remained hidden behind his massive bulk
came to the Dark Lord's bedside. She was dressed completely in white
rabbit furs, her curly brown hair held up in white bone pins, rough and
magnificent all at once. They stared at each other for a long moment, no
need for words between them just yet. He didn't need to speak for her to
know his questions.

"It is quite remarkable..." Diana said at last, "I have never seen a
spell like this before, but then... I've never seen a soul as damaged as
yours before either."

"What do you see?" he asked, barely restraining his impatience. He could
not rush her if she didn't want to be rushed, but he could hope for her
indulgence. She tilted her head from side to side, looking him up and
down.

"You are... stable now."

"I know I am not going to die, but-"

"Not your body. Your flesh is meaningless. You are complete... more so
anyway."

He still didn't understand what she meant, and his frustration was
growing. He was tired and still in pain, bed ridden and anxious about
letting Lucius run his country. If his body was still broken then what
was she talking about?

"What precisely was done to me, who is responsible, and can it be fixed
is all I want to know."

Diana's blank expression suddenly became vaguely amused.

"Fixed? Too late, it's already been done. Your soul has been mended."

Voldemort's frustration melted away into disbelief. Impossible. The
Earth would never allow such a thing. He had been made incomplete for a
reason and sacrificed too much for it simply to be undone. Who would do
it? Who would have the capability? His first thought was Dumbledore, the
old coot was loony enough to try something so indirectly devastating,
but then he realized the man didn't have the capability to summon a
goddess at that level of power. He had turned from the Old Magics a long
time ago. A druid of some kind must have been responsible, perhaps even
one of those he had seen in the glen?

"Who?"

Diana's amusement melted away, and she said nothing. Unease crawled into
Voldemort's gut.

"Who?"

She looked towards Greyback, who was looking at her just as expectantly.

"He did not mean you harm."

The Dark Lord felt his world tilt. No... it was inconceivable. Harry
would never have raised a hand against him, out of fear or respect or a
warped sense of attachment or even patriotism, and if he had the will he
didn't have the means. He was just a child, fourteen, and his skills and
knowledge were rudimentary at best, not even near the level necessary to
summon a goddess such as Madris, whatever sort of goddess she was, and
certainly not without hurting himself.

But...

Diana did say Harry hadn't meant to harm him, that the spell had been
intended to heal his soul. It was a reckless and naive, and a very
Gryffindor thing to do. Brennan had been there though, surely he would
have stopped... now *he* was being naive if he didn't think the man
wouldn't go along with such a plot or even come up with it himself.
Harry had to have had some sort of idea of what he was doing since he
was one who would have sacrificed the dragon's heart and requested the
spell, but was he truly aware of the consequences? Brennan had to have
designed the ritual, so perhaps he had tricked Harry or neglected to
mention the dangers? Did it even matter? What right did that boy have to
meddle in the very essence of his being?

And he had lied to him. He had stood right beside him, and had the
audacity to ask what he could do to make it better, when he should have
been on his hands and knees begging forgiveness.

Anger and betrayal began to simmer in his gut, his magic stirring under
his skin felt like pins and needles, the only form of release being to
hex someone. There were two meddling wizards that came to ming.

"Do not be hasty."

His red eyes flashed to Diana, but even he wasn't foolish enough to lash
out against her. Not the Daughter of the Moon, and certainly not with
Greyback tense and ready to defend them her.

"He has betrayed me..."

"You deserved to be betrayed. Were you not the first to meddle in
another's soul?"

"He made that decision himself."

"You made the situation in which the decision had to be made, and there
were instances even before that. Even now you force his hand."

"I never tried to kill him!"

"Nor he you, but you are both guilty of carelessness. As things stand,
you are equals in this regard."

To Voldemort that was hardly the case. He had protected Harry as best he
could, nurtured him, taught him powerful magics, and taken him into his
confidence, and how had he been repaid? Had magic carelessly cast
against him. Magic that changed him in a way he had never asked for or
wanted and which very nearly killed him more effectively than any curse
sent his way before it. Did this little mock-goddess really think things
even between them?

He was ready to argue his case, but Lucius' sudden appearance forced him
to stay his tongue.

"My Lord!"

"What is it?!" he snapped, his dark magic pulsing with irritation and
barely contained rage, making the Malfoy patriarch flinch away.

"I-I have uncovered a plot, My Lord. A plot orchestrated by the
Germans."

Voldemort was still irritated, but it was far easier to deal with
wizards than it was with goddesses, and turned his full attention to the
other man.

"Details?" he asked, refining his voice to something more welcoming.

Lucius pulled a vile out of his pocket, and after an awkward moment of
trying to move around Diana with out touching her or coming in between
her and a glowering Greyback, managed to get close enough to hand it to
his master. Voldemort took it. The vile was empty but for a tiny insect,
wiggling its legs, uselessly trying to climb up the slick glass prison.

"What is it?"

"It's some sort of surveillance insect. This one was pulled out of the
flesh behind my left ear."

Voldemort looked up at him quickly, understanding perfectly what sort of
trouble they could be in if any number of Lucius' duties had been
uncovered.

"It's worse. I have reason to believe I am not the only who has been
infected with one of these things. They were delivered during the first
challenge of the Triwizard Tournament, when several important and minor
officials, yourself included, were exposed to them. I am having my men
draw up the guest list for that day, and track down everyone in
attendance for an emergency examination. I've contacted Coventry College
for an entomologist to uncover exactly what these things are and how
they work."

"Good, but how did you uncover all this?"

Here Lucius' expression became closed, and Voldemort knew he was
revealing something he had grave suspicions about. He reached into his
robes and pulled out a letter, written on familiar black paper and gold
ink.

"I received this about an hour ago. An owl came through my restricted
floo caring it. When I sent one of my men through the floo to track down
its origins, they returned few minutes later and said it came from
Hogsmeade. It is likely the owl's origins is from Hogwarts as well, and
the materials here were taken from your office."

"Snape? Lestrange?"

"Maybe, but I doubt either would bother to conceal their identity. We
can't afford to guess at this point. I have already sent two squardrons
of Culties and two squardrons of Sentinels to Hogsmeade to capture the
suspects, one set of each for the village and the school, but I can't
order the arrest of foreign dignitaries without your approval."

"You have it. I want them all alive for interrogation, unless the
resistance becomes too violent. Detain the French dignitaries as well,
and every man, woman, and child in the castle. I want to know where this
letter came from and how long this information was kept hidden."

"As you command, my Lord!"

Lucius turned sharply to go, eager to begin the first steps of a long
awaited war. If the letter was truthful, and the Germans really had
intended to illegally spy on them, they would be more than justified to
retaliate and no other country would try to interfere. Germany was the
first step to claiming Europe.

"And Lucius..."

He stopped sharply, tensing.

"... I want you to find Harry. I will need to speak with him as quickly
as possible."

There was threat in Voldemort's words, but whether it was directed at
him or at Potter, Lucius was unable to discern.

---

"Oh Merlin..." She slowly sank into a nearby chair, unable to believe
what she was hearing. Viktor was a spy? Harry was in danger? From
*Voldemort*and not Dumbledore? "I don't believe you. It's impossible.
Harry would have told me."

Viktor shook his head. "Even if it put you danger? Vat if he *can't*
talk about it? Zere are a lot of vays to force silence."

Hermione's expression twisted in anguish, thinking on it now she knew
things hadn't been right with Harry since the first challenge. She had
assumed it was stress, and it probably was, but had that stress been a
result of his increased publicity and school work or the anxiety of
knowing too many secrets and trying to keep people safe?

"You don't have any proof."

"I do," he insisted, relentless in his pursuit to make her understand.
"I have copies of his medical records. Zey are a nightmare."

"A lot of that is from being attacked by Moody or accidents."

"Dere's a lot of it dat's completely unexplained and vorse zere are some
notes dat lead me to believe he vas being experimented on."

Hermione's hand flew to her mouth, but it wasn't enough to muffle the
whimper that escaped. Horrible images sprang into her mind, pieces of
nightmares she'd had from overhearing Lucius and his cronies speak of
the war, and interposed was Harry's face, determined and kind and
suffering it all as quietly as he could. Tears formed and fell, even the
*possibility* of it being true was too heartbreaking.

"No..."

He knelt down in front of her, taking her fisted hands into his, and
looked up at her beseechingly.

"Listen to me," he begged, "I am going to try and take him out of here,
to somevere he can be safe and happy. I vant to know if... vould....
vould come vith us?"

"What are you talking about?"

"Do you vant to come too? To Germany? To Europe? Zere is so much zere
for someone like you, Hermione. You can go to school anyvere you vant,
vork anyvere you vant, date and marry anyone you vant, travel, and
study, and just live how ever you like. Please, come vith me. Dis place
vill tear you down before it lets you free."

Hermione could feel her heart begin to race. Was he really asking her
this? To run away with him? Well, him and Harry, but to run away
nonetheless? To some unknown place where she knew no one and didn't even
speak the language? Abandoning her brother and Narcissa and almost all
of her friends and country?

"I can't... This is my home."

"You can have *better* home," he pleaded, but she shook her head, her
tears falling even harder.

"That's not how it works, Viktor. This isn't a perfect place, but this
is where my heart is. I can't just abandon it, and I don't think Harry
could either. Have you even asked him?"

"I..."

Well, shit. He had forgotten to do that. He hadn't wanted to even ask
Harry until he knew he could actually take him to Germany, and then
Harry had all but disappeared. There simply hadn't been any opportunity
to ask.

"I'll ask him ven he returns. As soon as I see him, I promise. Please,
don't give up on the idea just yet? If he agrees, von't you at least
consider it?"

She looked at him so sadly that when she opened her mouth he knew
whatever she said, she wasn't going to change her mind. Hermione was a
kind and loyal person, be it to friend or country, and she would not
simply abandon it. He felt like a fool for ever thinking she would.

"Viktor!"

Viktor and Hermione's wands were both in their hands and ready for
attack at the first sound of intrusion, but both were taken back by
McGunny sudden appearance. The Ravenclaw was deathly pale and sweating
heavily, as if he had suffered under Cruciatus. He looked taken back
when he saw Hermione there, but not so much by her wand.

"Granger, what are you... forget it. It's not important," he said, and
turned to Viktor. "You have to get Harry and get out of here, RIGHT
NOW!"

"Vat are you-"

"They *know.*They know, and they're going to arrest you and everyone
else, unless you can get out of here *now*."

Viktor and Hermione shared a panicked look. He had to try at least once
more.

"Please come with me..."

"I'm sorry, Viktor, I *can't*!"

"*Somnebus!"*

Hermione went limp, slumping bonelessly over her desk. Viktor snarled at
McGunny, but he snarled right back.

"You don't have time for this! You have *minutes* at the most. Do you
understand that you could die if you stay any longer? That all of your
friends could die?"

Viktor turned away, down at Hermione fast asleep and helpless. She was
beautiful, her expression serene and her eyelashes glittering with her
tears. Should he just take her with him now? This would likely be the
last time she would ever be presented with opportunity again. Could he
let her turn it away without truly knowing what she was losing?

"Come on, damn you!" McGunny shouted, breaking him from his trance.
"I'll make sure she gets out safely, so just come on already?!"

Viktor let out a scream of frustration, physically throwing one of the
desks across the room before storming towards the door. He couldn't
force this decision on Hermione. It was her decision and she would never
forgive him if took it away from her. So he ran, his heart grieving with
every step he took, but he knew what he had to do. He had to get his
classmates and Harry out safely.

"How did they find out? How do you even know about it?"

McGunny shook his head, his entire body trembling, and it was amazing he
could even stay upright let alone run. Viktor had never seen McGunny
anything other than cool and composed, and annoying as that was this was
definitely worse. The other boy had seen something or done something
traumatizing to end up in such a state.

"I have sources. Old classmates who joined the Court or who have parents
there. We like to keep track of what *really* happens behind closed
doors. The alert is over an hour old. They're just positioning
themselves to catch you all unaware. No, wait, there are Sentinels down
there. They don't know what's happening yet, but I can't afford for them
to spot us together. We'll take a secret passage."

They ducked into the shadow of a column which turned out to be a hidden
corridor with narrow stone steps leading to the upper levels.

"My friends-"

"Are all in their dormitory. They got tired of being gawked at by the
Sentinels. You have to get Harry before you get the others."

"Vere is he?"

"He just returned. He's in his dorm."

They exited the passage two corridors from Gryffindor Tower, and McGunny
looked both ways before speaking.

"I can't go any further. If I'm caught, I'm dead. Just go to the tower
and get him. The password for the portrait is 'Tannenbaum'."

"Fine. *You* go back and make sure Hermione gets out of here safely, or
so help me I'll find you and all ze sources in ze vorld von't keep you
safe, do you understand?"

"Whatever. Just go!"

Viktor ran the rest of the way to Gryffindor Tower, barely taking time
to make sure no one was behind or ahead of him. The Fat Lady was in her
portrait gossiping with the Shepherdess, and barely so much as rolled
her eyes as he bit out the password, and pulled it open. The common room
was empty and leading from it were two sets of stairs. He tried to
recall which one was the girls and which was boys, knowing if Hogwarts
was anything like Durmstang there would be an alarm in the girl's dorm.
He made his best guest, and took the left, jumping the stairs three at a
time. When he heard voices he stopped. There were two and one of them
definitely wasn't Harry.

"I didn't want *that* to happen. He nearly died!" Harry was shouting.

"But he did not, and you have what you wanted," another voice, this one
older but not one Viktor recognized.

"He's going to kill me."

"You knew that might happen too."

"Oh Madris, what am I going to do?"

"That's a good start. The gods are surprisingly generous to those who
pray to them, and she was particularly generous last night."

"This isn't funny. I don't know what to do."

Viktor wasn't exactly sure what he was hearing, but it was highly
suspicious. Harry had obvious done *something* last night, and he was in
trouble... well, they were both in trouble right now, and he didn't have
the time to wait for either of them to sort things out. They both had to
get out of there and quick.

He stepped through the doorway and into the room. Harry turned to him,
his eyes widening with terror. Beside him was a man Viktor only vaguely
recognized a teacher, gray haired and dressed in white robes, the only
sign of his surprise his silence. At least, they seemed too startled to
have hurled a hex at him.

"Harry, I'm leaving for Germany. Right now. Do you vant to come?"

The Gryffindor simply stood there like a stunned deer.

"If someone is trying to hurt you, don't you zink you should come vith
me? To Germany? Ve can protect you zere."

Harry blinked. "Huh?"

Brennan let out a small laugh. "Well, there you go. Prayers really do
work. Come on, I'll shrink your trunk, you grab your schoolbag."

The boy only looked more lost, and Viktor certainly didn't envy him. He
was feeling confused himself, and he had expected this to happen
eventually.

"Wait! What is going on? Why are you leaving? Why do you want me to come
along?"

"*Reducio!*," Brennan went on about his task, the most prepared of all
them it seemed.

"The Dark Lord is going to come here and arrest me and all of my
classmates if ve don't leave here soon, and I need to know right now
vether you vant to come vith me to Germany or not."

Harry just blinked at him again, and Viktor despaired of him ever
reaching a decision. They were both spared the act, but Brennan who
pointed his wand at Harry.

"*Imperio!"*

Viktor flinched away at the spell, his own wand raised to ward off the
perceived attack, but Brennan was already pocketing his wand again. He
turned to Viktor, his expression grave.

"It is too much to ask a child to give up everything and everyone they
have ever known in an instant. As an adult and as his teacher, I am
making the decision for him. To save his life and possibly his very
soul, I am entrusting him to you Mr. Krum and your associates. I will
tell no one what I have witnessed here, but I recommend you hurry," then
he turned to Harry, who was staring dazedly out into space. Placing the
shrunken trunk in Harry's robe and his school bag over his shoulder, he
continued, "Follow Krum, do as he tells you until you are safe, then
wake up."

Viktor's first instinct was to argue, but he really didn't know how much
time he had left. He headed for the door.

"Come on, follow me."

---

McGunny stared down at Hermione's unconscious form for a long time,
alien feelings of hatred and disgust fighting to regain control over
him. He couldn't let it happen again. Already, he had put the lives of
dozens of people at risk including someone who had come to trust him and
called him friend. Insanity wasn't the issue. He was well read, he knew
the basics of abnormal psychology; split personality disorder,
schizophrenia, sleep walking... and knew none of these fit.

Something was inside him, and it was trying to take him over. A spirit?
A demon? He had never taken metaphysics, and incidents of possession
were so rare he had not thought it relevant to read up on. What ever it
was it was smart and powerful, and had been oh so subtle until it had
seized control a few hours ago. It was exhausted now, but how long
before it regained its strength?

So much damage had been done already, and now he felt murder in his
veins whenever he looked to Hermione. He didn't dare touch her for fear
that his hand might slip and he'd strangle her. He couldn't leave her
here either, as that might have the same result if anyone found her and
believed she had warned Viktor. Or if she were interrogated, the Court
and the Dark Lord would learn of his involvement and come for him.

*Kill it. That's the only logical solution. We can make it look like
Viktor did it. Used and discarded it like the muggleborn trash it is.*

McGunny snorted, and muttered aloud, "Logical? Like making up convenient
excuses to have Harry kidnapped? Like feeding me paranoid delusions so
I'd go along with it? Go away, whatever you are. Go torment some other
fool."

He moved away from Hermione and headed for the exit.

*Where are you going?*

"To get Snape. I can get him to take care of her. He's her godfather, he
won't let anything happen to her."

*You're stupid if you think that's true. He'll sell her out in an
instant, just like he did Harry.*

McGunny paused in the doorway. "Don't call him 'Harry', you parasite. He
isn't *your* friend."

There was an amused chuckle that made the back of his neck itch.

*Obliviate it. Save yourself, at least.*

He honestly didn't even know what he meant, but it sounded painful.
There was another annoying chuckle.

*And you call yourself a Ravenclaw? It means 'erase her memory'.*

"I don't know that spell."

*I know... so*we*know.*

And there it was. The words, the wand movement, the effects, and
effectiveness of the spell, all there as clearly as if he had known it
all along.

"How did you do that?"

*Do it, and I'll tell you how.*

"Why should I trust you? For all I know this spell will kill her."

*I need your cooperation more than I need itdead.* *I am proposing a
truce.*

"To hell with you! This is *my* body."

*And you can have it, but I am not leaving until I have a place to go.
Give me what I want... or I'll find the means to take it.*

"I'll kill us both before I let you control me!"

He spun around, looking for any sort of weapon he could find. He had
never considered himself particularly brave or tolerant of pain, but if
necessary he thought he might be able to inflict it on himself, perhaps
just enough to convince the thing inside him that he was serious.

*Don't be such a melodramatic Gryffindor. Obliviate it, and then let us
negotiate. You're a logical person and I am not unreasonable. I am
certain we can find a compromise.*

He turned back to Hermione, uncertainly. She lay there helplessly, but
instead of violence he felt only severe irritation. It had given up
trying to take control and kill the girl, which meant he still retained
enough will to over power it. He just needed to figure out how to get it
out of him, and that required time... which he was running out of.

"Fine. Don't try anything fishy or I'll... I'll obliviate us both!"

The chuckle of before burst out into all out laughter.

---

"*Stupify!*" Viktor shouted, flinging out his wand. The spell was a
direct hit and the first Sentinel fell to the ground, but the second
Sentinel's reflexes were faster than Viktor's recovery time.

"*Stupify.*"

The second Sentinel fell to his knees. The Durmstang champion looked
behind him at Harry, who remained as blank faced as before but his wand
was up and ready. Was he waking up already? He had told the boy to
follow him, not help subdue the guards. He waited a moment, but the boy
just stood there and stared off into space.

"Come on." He entered his common room and the boy followed obediently
behind him. Inside, all of the boys and even some of the girls seemed to
be gathered, talking excitedly to each other about something. Everyone
turned when they stepped into the room, and Jophery pulled away from the
group address.

"Did you hear? Oblitz says the Dark Lord was att-"

"Everyone has exactly one minute to get what they need. We've been found
out. We're leaving NOW!"

"Wait- what? *Fuck!*You heard him! Let's go! Is anyone missing?"

"Elsa and Sabrina are in their own room. I'll get them!" one boy
shouted, and rushed out.

"I'll get your trunk! " another called after him. "*Reducto!"*

"Oblitz isn't here!"

"He can handle himself."

"But who'll manage the ship? Does the Ambassador even know?"

"Worry about yourselves first. Is everyone ready?"

"Shit, where's Hugo?Here kitty, kitty."

"I have him... where's my rat?"

"What's Potter doing here? What's wrong with him?"

"Forget it! Time's up!" Viktor ordered, and their chaos dissolved as
quickly as it had formed, and they fell into two perfect lines and
followed Viktor out into the hall, wand in one hand, brooms in the
other, and all their belongings carefully stored in the folds of their
robes.. "Jophery, take care of Harry."

"On it." Jophery broke ranks to herd Harry along behind the others.
There was obviously some sort of spellwork done on him, but he didn't
have time to question it or risk taking it off, or even question *why*
exactly they were taking the boy with them. Judging by the unconscious
Sentinels and the pace at which Viktor was leading them towards the
tower, they had already run out of time. Cautiously, he peeked behind
them, expecting men and women in black robes and leather to come
bursting out into the hall, shouting at them to stop.

It was ironic then the first sign of resistance wasn't from behind, but
from within. As they made their way up the tower stairs, Harry suddenly
stopped. Jophery nearly fell on top of him.

"What is it?" he asked, but Harry said nothing and his face remained
blank.

"Jophery! Hurry up!"

"Coming!"

A little more nudging and the Gryffindor started moving again, albeit
with some sort of reluctance. Was he waking up? If he didn't want to
come willingly, should he just leave him here? Viktor would kill him,
but what was Viktor up to anyway?

They reached the top of the turret and exited out into the cold, open
air. Winter wind whipping at them. Everyone remained towards the center
as Viktor went to the edge to check for danger.

"Shit. They're starting to surround the school. Fifty at least. Wait for
my word and we'll all make a fly for it. Spread out as soon as you're in
the air and keep high. When we land, keep alert. They may have already
sent some people ahead to secure the ship. Understand?"

"Yes!" they all barked in unison.

"Yes," Harry said evenly right after, earning him an unnerved look from
the others, who still had no idea what was going on.

"Harry, ride with Jophery."

"Yes."

Jophery didn't like the situation. If he put the smaller boy in front of
him, he'd have a harder time maneuvering but if he put him in back, he
was afraid he'd fall off the back. There was nothing for it. They didn't
have time to figure out something better.

"You're riding at my back. Hold on tight and move as my body does. Don't
try keeping balanced, that's my job. Understand?"

"Yes."

"That's what I like about you, Harry. You're a real go-getter."

"*Hurry up, Jophery!*"

"Yes, mum. On we go, my little baby monkey."

It was an awkward fit. The boy fit against his back just fine, but there
was nowhere for either of them to tuck up their legs. And since he
hadn't planned on flying today, he hadn't worn a cup. Erk. At least the
grip on his back seemed firm.

"Alright, *now!*"

Everyone moved forward in a burst of speed, except for Jophery, who
opted to fly straight up first making them a harder target even though
he knew he'd be the slowest and largest, and then hurried after the
others. They had all gotten far ahead of them, but angling the broom
down again gained them enough speed to close the distance. Behind them
they could hear the faint sounds of shouting, but the cold wind swallow
up most of it. They made it to the edge of the lake before they were
fired upon.

Streaks of red and yellow shot out at them, and everyone began to spread
out for more room to dodge. A large white streak shot right in front of
Jophery and exploded in a blinding light, shooting sparks at them. There
were screams of surprise and one of pain and then fear. Jophery was
blind but unhurt, and unable to see ahead of him, he moved straight
upwards again. There was another scream and it sounded as if someone had
fallen.

"*Wingardiam leviosa!*" Jophery nearly dropped out of the sky himself
when he heard the spell shouted right behind him.

"You awake back there?" he called, still unable to open his eyes to look
behind him, but he could feel one of the boy's arms had left his waist
and must have been holding his wand. Around them now, he could hear
counter curses and blocking spells being thrown up by his classmates,
and the occasional sizzle and snap of spells going off too close to him.
It sound as if they were falling behind again.

"I got her! Keep going!" he heard Viktor shout. "Harry, fly for Jophery.
He can't see."

The arm returned, but both the hands shifted from his waist to the broom
handle, and the broom shot forward as if from a cannon. His own hands
flew to the handle to steady himself, the fear of flying very fast and
very blind causing him to shout.

"AAAAAAaaaahhhhhhhh!!!! OH SHIT CAN YOU EVEN SEE BACK THERE?!!"

And suddenly they started to slow, and he gradually forced his watery
eyes to open to star-speckled reality. The Durmstang ship stood before
them, a looming refuge of heavily warded wood and steel and magic. They
dropped onto the deck, and Jophery's wand was immediately in hand,
prepared for enemies. No one immediately jumped out to stop them. Of
course, if anyone had tried to board beside its listed passengers, they
likely would have been killed or deposited into one of the tiny cells
below deck.

Speaking of which... Jophery had only taken a few steps, when there was
a loud 'click'. He spun around to see Harry falling through a trapdoor.
He couldn't even reach it in time to stop it from closing again.

"Harry? Harry? Are you alright? Don't worry, I'll get you out of there
in a minute. Just sit tight."

"Move out of the way!"

The warning didn't come quite quick enough. He managed to move aside a
bit, but still caught one of his landing classmates in the shoulder,
knocking them both over. All around him, others were only just catching
up. How fast had Harry moved them?

"Get the wounded below deck!" Viktor shouted, "Ten of you stay out here
and put up the strongest shields you can. The rest of you prep the
ship!"

"What about the Ambassador and Oblitz and the others?!" Elsa shouted.

"If they're not captured already, they'll be able to portkey into the
cargo hold, but only *if* we can get this boat far enough from the
castle's wards, so hurry it up! Move, move, move!"

Everyone sprinted into action, the defense party casting shield spells
and reflection spells around as much of the ships massive bulk as they
could while the others pulled up the anchor and lowered the sails and
unfroze the rudder. Viktor found Jophery on his way to the pilot cabin.

"Where's Harry?"

"The ship tossed him in the brig."

"Good, he'll be safe there for now. Did he wake up?."

"I don't know. What is going on? Why the hell are we kidnapping him to
begin with?"

"We're not kidnapping, we're- forget it. If we live I'll tell you all
about it. Get below deck and check on the wounded"

"Aye-aye, Captain!"

He sharp, mocking salute, he slipped below deck. Although the exterior
of the ship was dark and foreboding, the inside was bright and warmly
lit with light colored woods and off white paint, portraits of ships and
sea creatures hung on the walls, their subject matters moving about from
sea to painted sea. The infirmary was at the end of the hall, and once
inside Jophery went to work assessing the damage.

He was by no-means a medi-wizard, but if there was one thing that
Jophery excelled at it was patching up his friends after duels and
quidditch matches. And truthfully, he'd seen worse than what he was
seeing now. He just hadn't seen so *much*of it at once.

The infirmary itself looked like any other cabin, except with six
pallets instead of four bunkbeds, and large cabinet of medical supplies
and books. Usually it smelled like wormwood, but now it smelled like
blood and burnt flesh. There were six boys and one Sabrina, and she was
definitely the worst off. If he were to guess he would identify her as
the one who had been knocked from her broom. The right side of her robes
had been burned clean off from arm to shoulder and partway down her
side, and what remained was black and blistered skin. She had already
passed out from the pain.

The others were minor gashes and bumps, which he treated with the store
of antiseptics, salves, potions, gauze, and the odd doo-hicky he could
work but not pronounce. With the simple cases taken care of, he turned
his attention to Sabrina. If he was quick and careful, he might save her
from permanent scars. With medication manuals on potions and
counter-curse texts, he sorted out a course of action and went to work.
In the midst of his deep concentration and the utter silence of the
infirmary, he took for granted that they were in the middle of a life
and death battle, and it wasn't until he felt the ship shift beneath him
and begin to sink that he realized they were escaping.

They had done it.

The ship began to rock, and he jumped to Sabrina's side to secure her
from rolling off the table. Things hadn't even settled yet when more
patients arrived.

"Jophery! I've three more for you!" someone called, before shoving the
door open and dragging in an unconscious person. Two others limped in on
their accord. It was getting crowded.

"Alright, anyone who thinks they can rest comfortably in their own room,
get out. Unless you want to help, then by all means stay!"

A few shuffled out, but even only a few minutes passed before even more
shuffled in. It seemed at least half of his classmates had been hurt in
some way. He worked as quickly as possible, but he was more than a
little overwhelmed.

At least news circulated quickly. They had managed to submerge the ship
below the ice and were moving it out through the lochs and towards the
ocean. Viktor was manning the helm, but mostly letting the ship sail
itself. Within ten minutes they had moved out of range of the castle
wards, and those not actively helping to secure the ship waited
anxiously near the cargo hold for those with portkeys to make their
appearance... or their enemies so that they could blast them to pieces.

Twenty minutes after they moved out of the wards, Oblitz portkeyed in.
He was a bit singed in the corner of his robes, and covered in blood but
none of it appeared to be his own. He paid no one any mind and went
immediately to find Viktor. A few minutes later Schwartzmann appeared,
completely unfazed, but his aide was screaming hysterically, and had to
be stunned to keep him from hurting himself or anyone else. After four
hours, another aide made it through... but he died before they could
even get him to the infirmary. Jophery was secretly relieved. They man
had obviously been tortured, and whatever had been done hadn't been
something he could fix or even understand.

And then he remembered Harry was still in the brig.

---
