# Voyage

"What is going on, Lucius?"

The Brass Cult General turned away from the lake where the Durmstang
ship had disappeared beneath the ice. Sentinels and Brass Culties
hovered over the broken ice, trying to track the direction it was
heading. It was impossible. The ice was too thick and the tracking
charms had bounced of the shields encompassing the ship. There were
three lochs leading into this lake, and any of them would eventually
lead into the sea. Even if he set his sentinels to guard all three, they
probably wouldn't be able to find them.

If it all wasn't such a damn nuisance, Lucius might actually have been
impressed with the Durmstrang students' ingenuity and foresight.

Severus had finally shown up, quicker than expected with all of the
security now swarming the castle, and didn't look pleased.

"The Germans have escaped," Lucius said blandly.

"Yes, I noticed that. *Why* precisely are they escaping? We're they some
how responsible for the Dark Lord's condition?" he asked, his impatience
blatantly obvious. Lucius was in a bad enough mood, that he saw no
reason to indulge him.

"Maybe. Probably. That's not why I'm here."

"Do I have ask you a questions for every answer I want? Do you really
want to waste both our time with that?"

"I received a letter informing me the Germans were spies, and there was
enough evidence presented to convince both myself and the Dark Lord.
Obviously, the information was legitimate," he said, then began walking
back towards the castle. He still had men there who would need
instructions for the arrest of the French students and Madam Maxime.
Snape followed him. "I'll be honest, though, Potter caught me off guard.
I hadn't expected him to be involved in this scheme."

Snape tensed, but he was disappointingly inexpressive.

"Now what are you talking about?"

"He is with them. I thought he had been captured at first, but then he
helped fight off my men and rescued one of the little saboteurs. Some
how they must have convinced him to join their cause. And after all our
Lord has done for him. The little ingrate."

Snape said nothing, and when Lucius looked back at him he was surprised
by how pale he had become. And for Snape, who was pale to begin with,
that was something.

"Are you alright, my friend?"

For a moment the potions master said nothing, and it wasn't until they
entered the castle that he finally shook his head. "No, I am not. Potter
was my responsibility. If he had thoughts of defecting I should have
noticed, but his moods and behaviors have been so erratic lately with
the tournament I hadn't thought anything suspicious about it."

"Yes, well, I fear I am in a worse position than you. Lord Voldemort
seemed to know Potter was up to something last I spoke to him. He
ordered me to take him into custody with the rest of the Germans. Now,
I'm sorry, but we'll have to discuss this later. I have to try and
salvage this whole mess."

Lucius moved away to the Great Hall. Snape wasn't sorry to see him go.
His mind was buzzing with this latest information, and fear was starting
to sink its fangs into him. He needed to find a quiet place to think
everything through before he faced Lucius or the Dark Lord or even
Bellatrix.

He headed towards his private quarters. There were Sentinels searching
the dungeons, which was rather foolish, since at lease half of them
would likely be hopelessly lost before they were through, but no one
stopped him.

His rooms would be exactly as he had left them, which seemed the only
thing at the moment that hadn't changed. Harry, his ward, had run away
after supposedly conspiring against Britain... that sounded completely
ridiculous. The boy wouldn't have run away. He loved his friends, his
school, his godfathers, and possibly even cared for Lord Voldemort,
though why Snape hadn't the foggiest. Yet, Lucius had said even the Dark
Lord had suspected his defection. Should he believe him?

"*Aminitas*," he muttered, the door to his room popped open noiselessly
to allow him entry and immediately closed behind him. His wand jumped
into his hand. It appeared he had assumed too quickly that even his
rooms could provide him sanctuary. Someone was there.

His living room was exactly the same, dark furniture and glinting silver
in the candlelight, but he sensed a presence amongst the shadows and
after all these years he knew to trust his instincts.

"Come out with your hands in the air, or I *will* kill just to be safe."

"Please, don't fire," came a familiar, feminine voice. "I swear I only
hid because I thought you might be a Sentinel."

"Hermione? What are you doing here?"

She moved out from the shadows of a book case, her notice-me-not spell
slipping away from her like a discarded cloak. Head-to-toe she looked
the frightened rabbit, pale and shivering and large eyes wet with tears.
He lowered his wand. What was happening now?

"I'm so sorry, Uncle Severus, I swear I am, but I had to come. I had to
ask him myself. Please, please, don't tell Lucius I'm here. He'll kill
me."

He could tell she truly believed that, and he suspected she was right,
or at least that Lucius might find some way to shove his failure to
catch the Germans and Harry on to Hermione, and let the Dark Lord find a
suitably deadly punishment. He shuddered at the thought.

"Calm down. I won't tell Lucius *if* you tell me what happened and why
you are here. If I sense even a *single* falsehood, by lie or omission,
I will drag you before your foster father myself, is that understood?"

She nodded, sniffled, and wrung her hands nervously. He wondered if she
had come to confront Harry about his defection. Had that been what
brought her so quickly? If she had answers, he wanted them.

"Go sit down. I will make us some tea."

"But if I'm found-"

"The only reason you managed to get into my rooms is because I have
given you the passwords and set my wards to accept you and Draco.
*Anyone* else, and that includes Lucius, who tried to enter uninvited
would find themselves in a rather nasty little room on the other side of
the dungeons. If you're honest, I will find the means to take you home
undetected. Now is not the time. The school is swarming with his men."

She nodded, but didn't look any less nervous. He thought she must be as
nervous to be noticed missing from home as she was about being found
here, and decided he should probably make this quick. He set a kettle on
the stove and added some chamomile tea to the water, thinking of how he
should conduct his interrogation before leaving it all and entering the
living room. He found Hermione anxiously chewing her thumbnail.

He sat directly across from her, and crossed his arms.

"Firstly, is your brother here?"

"No! He doesn't even know I left the house... at least he didn't. He
might have noticed I'm gone by now."

He nodded. Good. Draco's lack of involvement was one less thing to worry
about.

"Now, tell me, from the very beginning how you ended up here and what
exactly you have done."

"I... It started when I got a letter from Viktor..."

She told him everything. The letter, Lucius' threat, her escape to
Hogwarts, and confronting Viktor, his confession of being a spy, his
invitation to leave. He stopped her briefly to asked, "Did he extend
this offer to Harry?"

She was silent for a long moment, then said, "He hadn't offered, but he
said he would. He said... he said the Dark Lord was experimenting on
Harry..." Here she wiped the tears from her eyes, and sniffled again
before she could continue, "... and he wanted to take him somewhere
safe. But he hadn't asked yet."

So Lucius had been wrong. There was no conspiracy. That or Krum had lied
to her.

He gestured for her to continue, and she went on to tell him about
denying his offer and then being hit with a spell. Here she seemed a bit
confused. She didn't remember Viktor casting the spell, but she also
knew no one else had been with them up to that point. The next thing she
knew she woke up on the floor of the classroom. She had tried to sneak
out again, but found there were Sentinels everywhere. She was afraid,
and ran into the dungeons and hid in Severus' rooms. And that was when
he had found her.

"Did he find out?" she asked when she was done. "Did he find out about
me coming to find Viktor? Is that why all those people are out there?"

"No-" The kettle in the kitchen began to whistle, and he stood and when
to take care of it. He came back with one cup of tea for her only, as he
didn't want anything deadening is wits at this point. She took a few
tentative sips, and watched him expectantly, waiting for him to
continue.

"No. He found out your friend Krum was a spy and ordered a raid. You may
be relieved to know that as far as I can tell, both he and his
classmates all escaped."

She was definitely relieved, if the tension flowing out of her was
anything to by.

"... You will be less pleased to know that they took Potter with them."

Luckily, he had the foresight to levitate her tea cup before she dropped
it on herself.

"...No..."

He sighed. He still didn't know the truth about Harry, and perhaps that
was less important than what was going be done about it. Harry was
practically a prince in the eyes of Britain, and to have him runaway or
be kidnapped... he had no idea what might happen, but war seemed mixed
in there somewhere.

In the meantime, he had to figure out what he was going to do about his
misadventurous goddaughter before she picked up Harry's bad habits.

---

"Are we under arrest?" Fleur demanded, snapping at Lucius Malfoy who
stood blocking the door, staring down at her imperiously. She, along
with her headmistress and classmates, had all been herded into their
common room at wand point by some of the very same witches and wizards
who had been telling them not worry only half an hour ago. Their wands
had also been taken, and that was by the far the greatest violation they
had performed so far.

"No, my dear, not yet," he said, as if it were inevitable that they
would be.

"What iz all zis about?" Madam Maxime said evenly, doing a stunning job
appearing unaffected by the whole ordeal. Commander Malfoy gave her a
polite nod, but it came off as mocking.

"We have uncovered a plot to kill Lord Voldemort and sabotage our
country's defense infrastructure. It appears this plot originates from
Hogwarts itself, no less. I am sure you understand why I must be
extremely cautious. Several conspirators have already escaped and taken
one our students with them already."

Fleur and the headmistress turned to one another, sharing looks of
mutual concern, before turning back to Malfoy.

"I 'ope none of your people were 'urt, Commander," Madam Maxime said,
"and zat you recover your student quickly and unharmed. My students and
I will do anyzing zat we can to assist you. May I ask who it was zat was
taken?"

The man's smile was utterly serpentine, a little too wide and with eyes
stone cold.

"On behalf of the people of Britain, I extend our appreciation for your
concern and even more so your cooperation. Mr. Potter was... taken. Rest
assured we will exercise every possible resource to bring him home. If
you don't mind, I'd like to have some of my people ask all of you some
questions. It maybe that you unwittingly came across some information
that will help us and of course, clear you of any wrong doing."

There was a moment of utter silence.

"... Very well," Madam Maxime conceded.

"Excellent. Any volunteers?"

---

"I don't see why we should let him out," Oblitz grumbled, as he followed
Ambassador Schwartzmann below deck, Krum following at his heels. "I'd
feel a lot safer if he remained where he was. Won't do him any harm
either."

Schwartzmann shook his head.

"Absolutely not. Herr Potter is our guest, not our prisoner. It's bad
enough that we left him here as long as we have."

Viktor felt a pang of guilt at that. He had been so busy trying to run
the ship, he had assumed Jophery would take care of Harry, forgetting
that Jophery would be even busier than himself. His guilt only grew
worse as they entered the underbelly of the ship, and the air cooled so
that their breath misted in the air. It had been hours since they had
launched the ship, and he couldn't even begin to imagine how betrayed
and terrified Harry might be feeling right then.

The hallways were dark and narrow below deck, as gloomy as any dungeon.
There were six cells, each one numbered. The numbers above each cell two
through six were glowing white. Cell one glowed red. Schwartzmann
knocked.

"Herr Potter, this is Ambassador Schwartzmann. I've come to let you out.
Please step away from the door."

Oblitz tapped his shoulder. "Perhaps I should go first... in case he's a
bit upset."

"And greet him with a Stunning Hex? I don't think so."

"I should go in first," Viktor said. "I'm the one he's most familiar
with."

"That is probably a good idea," the ambassador agreed.

There wasn't enough room to switch positions so the two adults moved a
little further down the hall to give him some room.

"It's Viktor, Harry. Hold on just a second," he called, and unlocked the
door. Carefully, he pushed it open. The cell was tiny, only four by five
feet, with nothing but straw and a bucket by way of comforts.

Harry had tucked himself into tight little ball in the far corner, his
black cloak wrapped tightly around him to fight the cold. Bright green
eyes watched him cautiously.

"Harry." He knelt before the frightened boy and gently placed a hand on
his shoulder. "I'm sorry. The ship's defense system didn't recognize
you, so you were sent here. In the chaos of escape, I completely forgot
about you. I am very sorry. Come with me. I'll get you something warm to
eat and drink, and find a room for you to sleep in."

Harry's wide eyes remained fixed on him, but it wasn't distrust he saw
in them, but disbelief and outrage.

"Viktor... what have you done?"

---

There were riots in London, Glasgow, Aberdeen, Coventry, and Edinburgh
that afternoon when news broke that the Dark Lord had been hospitalized
and the Germans had fled, the papers passing their escape off as a
confession of guilt. Harry's defection hadn't been released to the press
yet, as much to prevent further outrage as the fact that everyone lacked
any real information about why he ran. The Brass Cult had been dispatch
to aid the overwhelmed Sentinels with crowd disbursement and arrests,
testing their mettle against British citizens rather than foreign
invaders for their first engagement. There had been looting, fires,
assaults, and nearly a dozen deaths.

Lucius desperately wished he could be at any one of those rioting
cities, rather than standing in subdued little Hogsmeade as the Dark
Lord arrived. His physical recovery was remarkable, his foul mood was
more pervasive than ever.

Voldemort stepped through the floo, pale as death and just as sinister
in his black robes and glowing red eyes. The soldiers guarding the floo
all flinched away from him, and Lucius didn't blame them one bit. The
Dark Lord glanced briefly at Lucius, then moved passed him without
saying a word. There was a carriage waiting for him just outside, but he
ignored it in favor of a one the Sentinel's horses, immediately spurring
it into a hard gallop. Lucius was forced into a rather undignified rush
to find a horse of his own and chase after the man. He had been summoned
with that glance, and he was already in enough trouble as it was without
making his master wait.

They both abandoned their horses at the castle keep, and made their way
towards Voldemort's office.

"Where is Morgan?" the Dark Lord asked, his voice clipped.

"London. He and his men are protecting th Court offices from rioters."

"Severus?"

"On his way. He left earlier to check on my son and foster daughter, and
to ask them if they had noticed anything odd in Potter's behavior
lately."

"What have you learned so far?"

"All of the Germans were in on it. Every single one, including the
students. They were very well prepared to escape in an emergency.
Nothing important was left in their rooms, and they carried at least two
portkeys on themselves at all times. We've tried using the portkeys of
the suspects we captured, but they won't activate for anyone but their
owners. We sent the body of one of our prisoners on ahead. As a
message."

"The French dignitaries?"

"So far, nothing, but I haven't employed the more...*effective* methods.
I wanted to wait for your approval first."

"Denied. They weren't involved, and persecuting them would be
counterproductive. Right now we have the political benefit of being the
victimized country, but it won't mean anything if we torture uninvolved
bystanders. When we're done here, cut them loose."

Lucius wanted to argue, pointing out they could simply blame both
countries, and take credit for capturing the French, while the cowardly
Germans ran away, abandoning their allies. He didn't dare protest
though. His Master's tempter was already short.

They stepped into the Dark Lord's office.

"*Crucio!*"

Lucius fell to the floor, clenching his teeth against the agony that
ripped through him, but he couldn't smother his moan. It seemed to last
for eternity, but then it always had.

"You failed Lucius. You failed miserably. If it weren't for that
anonymous letter, they would have succeeded in taking away knowledge of
our entire military force! As it is, they've almost all escaped, and
with my protégé no less! *Crucio!*"

This time he couldn't clamp his teeth shut fast enough, and pain forced
him to cry out.

"Oh, do shut up. Harry didn't make such a racket when he was a First
Year. *Crucio!*"

He clenched his teeth again, pride aching almost as much as his body. At
last it stopped, but he didn't dare climb to his feet, knowing his
Master might take it as a sign of defiance and start up all over again.
He didn't even know if had the strength to rise. It had been a long time
since he had to endure this particular punishment.

There was a knock at the door. Afraid to let anyone see him so reduced,
Lucius forced himself to rise with wobbly legs, half expecting another
curse. Voldemort ignored him entirely, his attention focused on one of
the baubles on his desk, checking to see who had disturbed them.

"Get out. Come back when Severus has arrived. And send for Morgan."

"Yes, my Lord," he said, bowing stiffly.

His worst fear was that it was Lestrange at the door, there to gloat and
further enrage Voldemort against him with exaggerations of his failure,
but his fear was unfounded. Instead he found a man in white robes, one
he didn't recognize. He regarded him coolly for a moment, but the man's
sole focus was on the Dark Lord. He left without being acknowledged.

Brennan turned to Voldemort, lifting a brow.

"I see even with a complete soul you are still quite monstrous. A pity."

"You have a lot of nerve to mock me, the one who is going to kill you."

Brennan shrugged. "I knew this was inevitable once I had made my
decision to go through with it."

"So you came to me on your own accord. No denials? No excuses?"

"Do I need an excuse? Did you not provoke this with every act of murder,
torment, and cruelty?"

"When have I ever been cruel to you, Brennan? Have I ever been anything
other than indulgent and generous?" he asked, staring over his locked
fingers, his red eyes burning with accusation.

"And there is where you lack your basic humanity, believing that justice
is only sought by the victim of a crime. Empathy for a victim, hatred
for an injustice on principle, and love were all things you never did
understand, and at least one of them will be your undoing. Unless you
learn of course. You are capable of it now."

"You fool... do you think it makes any difference? That I might somehow
weaken or die? Or did you think this stunt would suddenly make me a
kinder, gentler person? A firm scolding and some cookies and milk when
we were all done? My hatred is as strong as ever and if anything you
have made me more powerful. Worse than your betrayal and your stupidity
however is the fact you deluded my pupil into going along with this
futile mission."

Brennan chuckled at that.

"It's funny that you should say that... it was his idea after all. Not
the killing you part, of course, that was just wishful thinking on my
part."

"He was naïve, and I will delight in relieving him of that particular
failing when he returns. You, however, knew exactly what you were
doing."

Voldemort stood, drawing his wand. Brennan watched him quietly, folding
his hands in his lap and waiting. This wasn't how he wanted to go, but
he could face it with some level of peace. He had sworn on his teacher's
grave that he would see Tom Riddle complete or see him dead, and though
it had taken nearly fifty years it was finally done. The rest was up to
time and Voldemort himself.

"Oh, no you don't. This isn't going to end with a simple Killing Curse,"
the Dark Lord growled. "You made me *bleed*. I intend to return the
favor. *Serpensortia!*"

---

"What the hell were you thinking?" Harry shouted, his angry voice
filling the tiny cabin, amplified by its inability to escape through the
Silencing Charm he had erected over the space. "We held out our hand to
you and you accept it with a knife hidden behind your back? How could
you possibly justify that?"

Viktor scowled. This wasn't how he pictured things turning out. Harry
was suppose to be *grateful* he was rescued, not fuming mad about the
whole spying bit. He was being ridiculous.

"We had to know. We didn't come to start a fight, be we had to know what
the Dark Lord's real intentions are, not we he *says* they are."

"That's bollocks! You wanted the information so you could go to war!"

"*In case* he started one! And you know he's perfectly capable of it!
He's been building a formal army for the last year and raised taxes
twice in the last three! He's been preparing for war. He wants it."

"But you started it, Viktor. Spin it all you want, but you struck the
first blow."

Viktor fumed under the accusation. How could Harry be so closed-minded?
Hadn't he seen the evidence himself first hand of what Voldemort's
intentions were, and he still he had the nerve to wag his finger at
them. Germany wasn't prepared for war, not like the Dark Lord. They had
needed the information their mission would have provided, a way to fight
smarter when they couldn't fighter harder.

"For someone who was just rescued from death," he ground out, "You sure
are damn critical of the people who saved you."

That shut Harry up fast. In fact, it looked like he had swallowed
Viktor's words and they settled badly in his stomach. He looked ill, and
he turned away from Viktor to stare out the porthole. Beyond it he could
see schools of shimmering silver fish dash by his window before they
disappeared into the murky gloom of ocean. Or were they in the Channel
by now?

"... Those are two different things."

There was guilt in Harry's expression now, and Viktor was suddenly
reminded of what he had overheard in the Gryffindor dormitory.
Everything had been so chaotic he hadn't had time to think of it before.

*"I didn't want that to happen. He nearly died!"*

*"But he did not, and you have what you wanted,"*

*"He's going to kill me."*

*"You knew that might happen too."*

"Oh Merlin, you did it," Viktor blurted, realizing now exactly what they
had been talking about. "You're the one who attacked the Dark Lord!
Jesus, *Harry* are you really snarking at me for a little surveillance
after *that*?"

"I didn't *attack* him," he said, but it sounded weak, a plea to be
believed rather than a demand for it. "It was an accident. The magic...
it didn't do what I thought it would... well it did, but Brennan never
told be that it would hurt him!"

"What did you do, Harry?" Because it was inconceivable that the boy
before him, small and kind and so very young could possibly have come
closer to killing the Dark Lord than anyone else since his rise to
power. The fact that the Gryffindor actually looked *guilty* about it
was mind-boggling.

"You wouldn't understand. It's not the sort of thing they teach you in
school or in books. I shouldn't have messed with it. I didn't understand
it either."

"Dark Arts?"

Harry shook his head but didn't elaborate. He moved to the farthest bed
and sat down, his previous anger slipping away as he dropped his head
into his hands.

"Please... you can't tell anyone about this. Not Jophery or Oblitz, but
especially not Ambassador Schwartzmann."

"Why not? Harry, do you realize what you've done? You've done what most
people thought were impossible. You proved the Dark Lord isn't
invulnerable. You'll be hailed a hero."

The words did nothing to comfort Harry, and in fact his expression only
became more pained.

"A hero? For what? He's not...he wasn't *my* enemy. He was my mentor and
my teacher... my friend. He could be cruel and selfish, but what I did
was reckless and selfish too. I nearly killed my friend, Viktor, and if
you tell anyone they might try to make me do it again."

The older boy was stunned into silence, and slowly he sat down on the
bunk across from Harry, trying to grasp at everything that was being
said. Harry had the power to kill the Dark Lord, and he was right that
if it was discovered he could do this others might try and force him.
Force him to rid the world of murdering warmonger and tyrant... to make
Harry a murderer in the process.

"Does the Dark Lord know this?" he asked.

"... I don't know. If he doesn't yet, he probably will soon."

"If you don't kill him, he'll kill you. He can't risk letting you run
free with that kind of ability."

Harry shook his head. "Please, don't tell anyone. You owe me this,
Viktor."

"I've already repaid that life debt," he said stiffly, the opportunity
Harry presented was not something he wanted to so easily slip by, even
as his insides squirmed at the moral implications of it.

"Yes," Harry bit out, and Viktor flinched at the venom behind. "... and
stole my will away to do it."

"That was the old man..."

"*You* could have ended that spell at any time. You took me away from
everything and everyone I cared about without so much as a
by-your-leave.. My home, my family, my friends, all gone, and now you
want to force me to help you kill someone? I'd rather die than let you
turn me into your assassin."

"He's a *monster*, and he's going to kill you!" he snarled back, jumping
to his feet.

Harry looked away.

"Just don't tell anyone. Whatever I choose to do, I deserve to be able
to make that decision myself. *Please* Viktor. You said you did this to
help me. Prove it."

The older boy clenched his fists and his teeth, trying to reign in
control of his frustration. Why was he defending the Dark Lord? Why was
he going out of his way to protect that monster, after everything he had
done and would do? He didn't understand, especially when he knew Harry
wasn't a coward.

"Fine..." he bit out, "But one of these days you're going tell me why."

He stalked out of the tiny cabin, slamming the door behind him.

Left alone, Harry fell back onto his bunk. It had been less than one
day, and he had managed to nearly kill the ruler of wizarding Britain,
been kidnapped by German spies, escaped almost certain death and also
everyone and everything that held meaning in his life, and was now
heading to another country and another school and another life
completely.

How was he supposed to feel about that?

At the moment, all he felt was tired. He tried to think of what his life
would be like. He tried to think of Durmstang, the massive fortress in a
frozen wasteland, but his mind drifted to Hogwarts during Christmas
time, snow balls fights with the Weasley twins, and Elsbeth. He tried to
think of life with a foster family in the country... but ended up with
memories of summers with Snape, snipping at one another all the time and
random visits from Hermione and Draco. Life with a foster family in the
city... he thought of the Reichers, gathered together in the family
room, reading story books to Alyssa and Morgana, Kyle reading the
newspaper over Robert's shoulder.

Finally he gave up on predicting his future, and wondered what everyone
was doing right now. How many people even knew he was missing? Snape and
Voldemort definitely would. Did they know about him nearly killing the
Dark Lord, or had they passed the blame off onto Viktor and his cohorts?
Did they hate him now, thinking he ran away with the enemy? McGunny
would also know, but he didn't honestly know the Ravenclaw well enough
to know how he would react. Hermione... she had to know by now too, and
she would have told Draco.

Everyone else... they would hear of it through the papers. No doubt
they'd be screaming bloody murder, calling him a traitor and a coward
and maybe even an attempted murderer. He was so stupid! Hadn't he
promised he would be there for them the way they had been there for him?
He'd broken that promise, to himself and to them and for what? To make
the cruelest, most arrogant, and inhuman man in the world...

Less cruel. Less conceited. More human.

He sighed. He couldn't regret that. He didn't know if it would work, but
what if it did? How many lives would be spared by sudden moments of
compassion? How much suffering avoided with the ability to empathize? He
didn't expect to be forgiven, but at least he knew Voldemort was
*capable* of forgiveness.

Then again, if he never saw the man again, would it really matter?

Finding the answer to that was way too depressing. Things were out of
his control right now, so he'd take advantage of that and try to stop
worrying or thinking in general. He kicked off his boots, stripped down
to his pants and undershirt and slipped beneath the covers of the bed he
had been sitting on. He closed his eyes, cleared his thoughts, and
listened to the soft creaks and groans of the ship and the muffled
putter of footsteps in the hall. As sleep began to descend upon him, a
new sound came to him, a familiar ticking sound. He reached into his
pocket, and pulled out his watch. Even in the low light of the cabin, he
could clearly see the Hogwarts' coat of arms. Impulsively, he flipped it
open.

*To Harry*

*Hope this keeps you on time and on track*

*-Hermione*

If only.

Gently, he closed it and hugged it to his chest, squeezing his eyes
shut. It couldn't be over. Not without so much as a goodbye. Not again.

He didn't know how or when, but some day he would see his friends and
his godfathers again. If he had to slay another dragon and make another
sacrifice to Madris to make it so, he would. She was the Goddess of the
Hearth, of home and family, and with her favor he knew it was possible.

"Please," he prayed, "Look after them, keep them safe for me, until I
can find my way back to them. Please, look after them, keep them safe
for me, until I can find my way back to them. Please, look after
them..."

He repeated his prayer, over and over again until at last he fell
asleep.

---

Snape re-entered Hogwarts with a sigh of relief. He had safely smuggled
his goddaughter out of the castle in his luggage and taken her home, and
no one the wiser. Even Draco didn't seem to realize his sister had been
missing, but he did seem suspicious when she barely reacted to the news
that Harry had been taken by the Durmstang students. Snape thought he
probably shouldn't have added quite so much chamomile to her tea. The
foster siblings would likely argue about her oddness while he was away,
but whether she decided to trust Draco with her secret or not he would
leave up to her.

Now he just had a Dark Lord to contend with.

Fun.

"You took your sweet time," Lucius muttered, appearing beside him from
seemingly out of no where. He was unusually pale, and Snape watched him
from the corner of his eye carefully, trying to see if his hands were
shaking from the after affects of a pain curse or if he had been
subjected to some other form of torture.

"The children were understandably upset. It took some time to reassure
them," he said, not sounding or really feeling the least bit guilty.

"Reassure them of what? Potter ran away. The world isn't ending."

"He didn't run away."

"I was there. He helped them escape. He was with them. He ran away."

Snape said nothing more. He didn't have any evidence to present to the
contrary that wasn't self-incrementing and even if he did Lucius would
only call him a fool for believing it.

"Commander!"

They both turned to see a young Brass Cultie scurrying towards them. He
stopped only long enough to salute.

"What is it?" Lucius demanded impatiently.

"Sir, Chief Sentinel Morgan has arrived and is heading for Lord
Voldemort's office."

"Dismissed."

The cadet hurried off again to do whatever it was every other soldier
was doing in lieu of a battle that was never finished.

"Come with me. Our Lord has requested our presence once you arrived."

That didn't sound particularly promising, but the potion's master had no
say in the matter. He followed Lucius to the highest tower and into the
Dark Lord's domain. He had expected Morgan to be there, but he hadn't
factored in Professor Brennan.

What was left of him, anyway.

Even Lucius looked taken back by the sheer amount of *blood*. Every step
they took made the carpet squish beneath their feet, and they dared not
touch any wall or surface for the lines of sticky redness that stripped
the entire room. The only part that made the man at all recognizable was
the tiny patches of clean white robes the hints of beard beneath the
gore.

Snape took a deep breath, and turned the Dark Lord sitting quietly at
his desk, writing rapidly on some plain white (and red speckled)
parchment. One side of his face was splashed with blood, but he didn't
appear to notice it, and continued as if the body was nothing more than
an extra piece of furniture.

He felt a well of pity for Brennan, whose crime he couldn't imagine
warranted such a fate, but most of that pity was overshadowed with the
very real fear that he might be facing a similar fate himself. Potter
had been his responsibility after all.

"He tried to kill me," Voldemort said by way of greeting, not looking up
from his parchment. "They both did."

"My Lord?"

"Professor Brennan and Harry," he clarified. "They performed a ritual,
the result of which you saw this morning."

Lucius and Snape shared a look of surprise. Neither of them had
conceived of *Harry* being responsible. Aware, possibly, but not
responsible. It was completely out of character. They looked to Morgan,
but he remained as blank faced as ever, taking it all in. Voldemort
continued.

"He came straight to my office to confess. Very upright of him, if I do
say so myself. Saved me the trouble of tracking him down. It is a pity
Harry couldn't be so obliging."

Snape felt his heart sink at the thought. If Harry had not escaped, it
could have been his blood staining Snape's boots. It still might.
Suddenly, Hermione's revelation that Harry didn't know about Germany's
plot seemed completely irrelevant.

"What would you have of us, my Lord?" Lucius said, cautiously. Voldemort
appeared much calmer after having exerted his vengeance on Brennan, but
a calm Dark Lord was craftier and therefore harder to predict than an
angry one. He set down his quill and sat back in his chair, looking at
his three loyal servants.

"I have been thinking... it seems a waste to simply kill Harry just yet.
Especially when he's set up such a wonderful opportunity to exploit his
popularity for the good of Britain."

Severus didn't have a clue what he meant, but a part of him eased.
Assassinating Lily's son didn't seem to be a part of the Dark Lord's
immediate plans.

"I think it would be best if we leave out dear Harry's betrayal when
addressing the public. All they need to know is that Harry was taken
against his will by Durmstrang after their failed attempt to kill me."

It suddenly clicked for Severus, and he felt a twinge of admiration for
the cleverness of his master's plan.

"So when the Germans attempt to rationalize their illegal investigation
to the nations of Europe, they will also have to justify attempted
murder and kidnapping. The people of Britain, who love Potter as their
own personal prince, will be outraged and practically demand we go to
war with Germany."

"Yes," Voldemort said, smiling darkly.

"But if Harry tells the Germans what he has done..." Lucius started,
then realized the most obvious solution. "We can say he is being forced
to lie by his kidnappers. After all, who would believe a child capable
of trying to assassinate the ruler of Britain?"

"Yes."

"We'll have to demand his safe return," the potions master continued.
"If they refuse we'll use it to further our cause and incite anger
against them by both Britain and the other nations. France is already
fond of him for saving Delacour, and even the German public might become
suspicious of their own ministry's agenda. If they return Potter..."

Here, Snape couldn't conceive of what would happen. He would definitely
be punished, but how? He couldn't be killed or the public would question
it, and torture would likewise be obvious. He looked to Voldemort, who
was staring directly at him now, measuring his reactions. Snape felt an
inkling of fear. Did the Dark Lord suspect his loyalty might some how
lean in Harry's favor?

"I made him a prince, my student, my..." Voldemort faltered here, his
eyes sliding shut as his expression turned to a grimace, the closest to
true pain they had seen since that morning. After a moment, he opened
his eyes again and continued., "If he is returned... he will suffer as
my slave until the day his usefulness to me ends."

Well... that was better than being killed instantly... maybe...
hopefully.

"In the mean time," Voldemort said, his tone changing with the topic to
something less sinister. "Severus, I don't know what Lucius told you
already, but we received an anonymous tip about the German's scheme in
the form of a letter originating from my office."

Snape frowned. "I was not made aware of this."

"Lucius will give you the full details as he was the one to initially
receive it. I want you to track down who in the school sent it. It
shouldn't be too difficult with the limited number of students and
teachers who were actually present at the time."

"It will be done, my Lord."

He turned to carry out his orders, barely believing that he was getting
out of there with all as parts. Lucius was had actually managed to
escape out the door, before Voldemort called him back.

"Oh, before I forget, Severus..."

The potions master froze, his hopes of escape dashed. Reluctantly, he
turned around.

"...in regards to keeping track of my protégé, you have greatly
disappointed me. *Crucio.*"

Optimism really was for idiots.

---

It took two days to sail around Britain, during which Harry spent most
of his time primarily trying to sleep and watching fish swimming passed
his cabin window. Viktor or Jophery usually came to deliver his meals
and tried to engage him in conversation, but it was awkward at best and
just plain frustrating more often than not. Schwartzmann too had come to
talk to him about what he should expect when he arrived in Germany and
the process of granting him political asylum. He was told political
asylum was granted to those who were being persecuted, and if he had any
readily available evidence of being mistreated or a specific event he
was willing to describe under veritaserum, it would make the process
much quicker. The idea of it left Harry feeling unclean.

There were dozens of incidents he could describe where he had been
threatened, hurt, manipulated, and harassed, but as far as he was
concerned that wasn't Schwartzmann's or Germany's business. He wasn't a
victim. He had fought back, the result of which was his being forced to
flee. As long as Voldemort lived, he thought of things as even between
them, slandering the other's name wasn't the sort of petty game he
wanted to play. He had to tell them something though, and he wasn't
entirely sure what would satisfy their definition of 'persecution'. He
told Schwartzmann to give him time to think it over.

As much as he tried to sleep, he found true rest elusive. His dreams
were plagued with nightmares of being hunted by Voldemort, of Voldemort
killing his friends, of his friends accusing him of being a traitor.
Late at night, when the other three boys he shared the cabin with were
fast asleep and his nightmares had woken him, he would open his watch
and lay it beside him, listening to it ticking away through the night
and thought of home.

On the final morning aboard the ship, Viktor came to wake him.

"Viktor?" he asked sleepily, as the older boy gently shook him awake. It
had been a bad night, and he must have only drifted back to sleep an
hour or so ago. Nevertheless, he put on his glasses and sat up.

"We are almost to Durmstrang. Some of the other guys pitched in to get
you something suitable to wear. Most of what you have won't be warm
enough, but your fur cloak should work and your boots if you wear an
extra pair of socks." He placed a folded pile of clothes in Harry's lap.
"Come to the galley when you're dressed."

"Okay. Thanks."

The clothes were a typical Durmstrang uniform, which was just about as
warm as full winter ensemble back at Hogwarts. It was light brown and
militaristic, stuffed with goose down and lined in wolf fur. It was also
too big in the shoulders and too long in the pants. He put on his boots,
and carried his cloak in his arms on his way to the galley.

He tensed when he saw Oblitz coming towards him. Harry hadn't seen the
man since he had been taken from the cell, but that had been more than
enough time to figure out that the Dark Arts' professor thought of him
as the enemy amongst them and would happily have thrown him off the ship
and straight into the mouth of a hungry shark if he'd had his way.

"Potter," he snapped.

"Professor."

Oblitz stepped closer, invading his personal space so that he might loom
over him. Harry recognized it as an intimidation tactic, and forced
himself not to back up and to look directly up into the man's eyes. Eyes
that narrowed angrily at his defiance.

"You may have the others fooled, but I know what you really are. You
won't be able to hide behind Krum and Schwartzmann forever. Once in the
school, you will be in *my* territory," he growled.

That was indeed a bit scary, but nearly as much as the man thought it
was and Harry let him know it. He glared right back at him.

"I have faced murders, madmen, werewolves, grindylows, a dragon, and
monsters you've probably never even heard of. I have had tea with the
Dark Lord himself, and stood toe-to-toe with his Death Eaters, and lived
with Severus bloody *Snape* for the last two years. If you honestly
think *you* could intimidate me then *you* need to go back to school for
a little more educating. Now if you'll excuse me..."

He stepped around him, but Oblitz lashed out and grabbed his arm in an
iron grip. Harry flinched, then glared up at the man, who glared back
just as fiercely.

"Beasts and wizards are not the same thing, and standing beside a wizard
is a lot different than standing against them."

Harry's grabbed Oblitz's wrist with his free hand and squeezed. The man
grimaced, tried to maintain his own grip, but ultimately failed as Harry
tore his hand free. Harry leaned in close, Oblitz grimaced but held his
ground. He had made the mistake of grabbing Harry with his wand hand and
now had nothing to defend himself with.

"It is the *exact* same thing where I come from."

He shoved the man away, and watched as he backed away, his eyes glaring
pure hatred at him. It was a display of an uncommon strength on Harry's
part, and one he had not had to use since he had held Larousse's
lifeless body on the castle roof. How far it extended, he had never
tested, but he suspected it came and went as necessity dictated, as yet
another form of wandless magic. Apparently, it had been necessary now.
He wondered if Durmstrang would be any different from Hogwarts in
regards to the inordinate number of people who wanted to kill him.

In the galley, he found Viktor and several other boys having breakfast.
They all looked up to greet him as he sat down.

"We'll arrive in about an hour. The Minster of Magic will probably be
there to greet us, along with some aurors. They'll want to ask you some
questions, and they might get a bit... intense, but don't worry. You're
protected under the Turner Act, which means they can't send you back to
Britain if you request asylum," Viktor stated, the undertone being that
he should be careful, and not just because of his secret.

"What can they do?"

"Since you're a minor? Not much. They have to have a legal guardian
present or the permission of a legal guardian in order to interrogate
you, which you don't have yet and since you have committed no crime they
can't hold you for more than twenty-four hours. The worst they can do is
drag their heels with the foster care process, which doesn't mean
anything since you'll be at Durmstrang anyway. Listen, I don't want you
to worry about it. I just wanted you to be aware of your rights."

"Which are what exactly?"

Jophery threw in his own view on things. "They can't send you back to
Britain. They can't threaten you with much of anything but twenty four
hours of boredom. You're entitled to an education per governmental law,
as well as food, shelter, clothes, and basic health care until you are
the age of majority and then you can get a job and pay the government
back with a twenty percent income tax over the next one hundred years.
Sucks, I know, but there it is."

"... I think I can live with that," Harry said, because frankly it
seemed he didn't have any other choice.

---

1.