# The Forbidden Land

There was a flood of articles about the first challenge come Monday, and
despite Harry's best efforts, he wasn't able to avoid all of them. He
had read the Hogwarts Herald out of simple respect for Hermione, and
also to see if he could pick up any resentment from McGunny's article
since he had turned him down. The editor's article was professional and
well-written as always, without a hint of ill will. There was even a
little praise in it, not just for Harry, but for all the other
champion's performances as well.

It was still embarrassing, especially when the gossip picked up, and he
couldn't turn a corner without having groups of people stop talking or
start whispering once his back was to them. At least, it was mostly the
'giggly' type of gossip and not the 'sneering' type this time around. It
was still annoying, but definitely safer.

The only good thing that came out of the press attention, ironically
came from Rita Skeeter's article. The article itself was atrocious,
riddled with absurd speculations and romantic drama between Fleur and
him. There was, however, one line mentioning Harry 'dressing to impress
in his chic new outfit by Amy & Ginevra', that made it all worth while.
Ginny had been ecstatic when she saw it, and nearly broken a rib when
she hugged him before rushing off to show Aimee, all of her friends,
half of her professors, her brothers, and to write a letter about it to
her family back home.

It was the first time he felt he had really started paying back her
loyalty.

Things were definitely different after the first challenge. The foreign
students all treated him differently. Krum wasn't exactly friendlier,
but he seemed to have finally decided he could trust Harry, and stopped
asking him difficult questions. Jophery asked him to fly for the German
quidditch team so that they could finally get someone capable of out
flying Viktor. One of the girls even requested he be their date to the
Halloween ball.

Fleur teased him constantly.

"My God, you are much too short! Eat your salad!"

"What are we going to do with this wild hair? There isn't a comb in the
world that can tame it."

"Why must you wear these glasses? You have such pretty eyes!"

She was never mean about it, but it was driving him batty, and worse he
thought she knew it too. So did Natalie if her smirking was anything to
go by. Harry suspected his old girlfriend might actually be putting the
Beauxbaton's champion up to it. Three Beauxbaton's girls asked to be his
date to the Halloween ball.

He took Ginny.

Halloween was the most the fun Harry had in weeks. There was good food,
crazy dancing, contests, and games. There was even a slime ball war
(much like a snow ball fight except of course with slime). He still
wasn't sure who got him in the back of head, but figured it was an even
toss up between Ron and Natalie.

Even Hagrid and Madam Maxime came, and had fun acting like a couple of
teenagers.

Classes resumed as normal. In Celtic class, they spent a week building
house, so that they could meet out of the cold. The house itself was
just a large circular stone wall with wooden doors and windows, a straw
thatched roof, a wooden floor, and a large stone fire pit in the center
to keep it warm. It was just as cozy in the house they had proudly made
themselves (albeit with a lot of magical help), as it was in the willow
grove. They studied Samhain, the gods of harvest, and the art of
hunting.

Hermione finally figured out the Patronus Charm, and earned Gryffindor
the extra points. Draco figured it out shortly after. Harry waited
another week before demonstrating his. Oblitz glared at him suspiciously
the entire class.

He got better at sword fighting in Dueling Club.

Ron was furious. Draco could still kick bother their asses at it.

Harry found himself being dragged to parties and charity events every
other weekend. Aimee (properly corrected eventually) & Ginevra were
mentioned three more times by the beginning of December. Snape's
loathing for him was reaffirmed with every event he had to escort his
ward to. Luckily for Harry, he seemed to take most of this loathing out
on the hosts rather the Gryffindor himself. Not including the three
completely unfair detentions, which really might have only been do to
Snape's laziness. The man hated sorting his storage closet and scrubbing
cauldrons. The fact that Harry hated these things as well was entirely
beside the point.

Everything fell into a workable routine of work, study, and play. He
even managed to work in some free time to himself to write letters to
his godfathers and the Reichers, practice his art work, and read through
*The Book of a Thousand Gods*.

Life was good.

And then the second challenge was announced on the first Friday of
December.

---

"Impossible," Hermione said, staring disbelieving at the challenge
rules. They had been handed out to everyone during first period classes,
to prevent them from aiding the champions accidentally or getting
themselves into trouble. There was definitely a lot of trouble to get
into. "The first challenge someone nearly died *with* the safeties, and
now he wants them to do something even more dangerous without any
safeties at all and with no way to help them if they get into trouble?
It's insane! Who would agree to this?"

"Miss Granger, you are dangerously close to writing our Lord an apology
letter," Professor Toure warned, her expression unforgiving. "And for
your information, all three champions have already accepted. Besides,
they are *not* going in without protection. Each champion will carry a
champion's badge, which will allow them to be magically transported in
and out of the boundary, and medical personnel will always be on standby
if someone comes back injured. Really, this challenge is a lot less
dangerous than the last."

"They're hunting a *dragon!*"

Yes, Harry was having a hard time wrapping this thoughts around that
too. He understood people did, in fact, hunt dragons long before they
had the benefit of wands, but they were specialists, and even then more
died young than retired (which was usually after three dragons. It was a
very profitable trade after all). Besides, wasn't it illegal to hunt
dragons, now a days?

"A *sleeping* dragon, Miss Granger. They're not actually going to fight
it. Most of the challenge will simply be finding it. It's a test of
endurance, not combat skill, and their main opponent will be the weather
and the forest, not the dragon itself. Just so everyone understands what
is going to happen, I am going to go over it with you," she said, and
turned to the announcement to read.

'To win the challenge, a champion must locate the sleeping dragon, slay
it, and return to the castle with some part of the dragon as proof. The
dragon is located within the Forbidden Forest. A ten square mile area
has been blocked off with a special ward that will prevent anyone except
those champions with badges from entering or leaving."

Professor Toure now turned her sharp eyes to each of them, insuring that
she had their full attention.

"Now, here are the rules, which I expect *all* of you to respect.'

'Rule \#1, only a school champion may hold in their possession a
champion's badge. They can not be given or lent to another person, for
any reason. Anyone found in possession of a champion's badge, and not
themselves a champion, will be severely punished, regardless of age,
rank, or station.'

'Rule \#2, there is no time limit to the challenge, and a champion may
spend unrestricted time searching within the Forbidden Forest, including
after hours and during classes. However, if not within the Forbidden
Forest, champions are expected to attend classes and keep curfew, and
any missed classes can only be made up on their teacher's discretion.'

'Rule \#3, a champion may make use of any items within the school to aid
them in their quest, including library books, weaponry, brooms, food,
etc, but may not accept gifts from other students, teachers, or outside
sources. A champion cannot purchase or send for additional resources to
aid in the challenge, with the exception of nonmagical clothing. A
champion caught breaking this rule will be withheld from searching for
three days for each offense and suspended from the challenge after three
offenses. The second party will face severe punishment.'

'Now, any questions?"

Several hands shot up, including Harry's. Toure pointed towards him
first.

"Isn't it killing dragons illegal in Britain?"

"The *hunting* of dragons is illegal, yes," she said, "but the Court
authorizes the extermination of a dragon that proves a hazard to human
settlements. This particular dragon was caught half a mile outside of a
wizarding village in Northern Scotland. It destroyed three cottages,
killed most of the local livestock, scared away the wild game, and
injured several people. It's been relocated twice, but returned both
times. It's execution is a bit unorthodox, but inevitable nonetheless."

She pointed to Clyde.

"Can't the champion's just cast a locating charm to find it? It seems
kind of a weak challenge."

Toure smiled and turned to Hermione. "Perhaps you could answer that
question, Miss Granger?"

Hermione nodded, "Dragon's skins are almost impervious to magic,
including locating charms. Unless it happens to be blowing fire while
you cast the spell, it won't work."

"Absolutely correct, anyone else?"

The school was buzzing with excitement about the latest challenge all
morning, and even Harry could feel himself caught up in the enthusiasm.
He held himself in check though, for Hermione's sake. She was obviously
upset about the danger, and the fact that all three champions were
absent during lunch did nothing to alleviate her worry. When Fleur and
Cedric showed up late to dinner, but Viktor did not, she was practically
frantic.

"What if something happened to him?" she asked.

Harry tried to reassure her. "He's just still looking, Hermione. Think
about it. Fleur and Cedric aren't as used to the cold as he is. To him,
it's probably a warm spring evening."

"But the forest-"

"Everything is hibernating. The worst he's going to find is some hungry
foxes or wild boar. The really bad stuff is either asleep or deeper in
the forest. If he *does*get into trouble, he has his badge and his wand.
He'll be fine."

And he was fine. One sleepless night later, and Viktor was at the
breakfast table just long enough to refuel, resupply, reassure Hermione
he was fine, and then he was off again. Cedric and Fleur were quick to
follow his example.

No one saw much of the champions over the next couple of days. They
appeared irregularly at meal times, during classes, or at random times
to warm up or rest or eat. Krum was the most rarely seen. He would show
up at the castle for only a few minutes at a time during the day to
gather food or just to reassure Hermione that he was in fact, alive and
well, and wouldn't return to the castle until after midnight and then
was out again before dawn. Cedric and Fleur were just as dedicated, but
Fleur wasn't used to the cold and had to return to the castle every few
hours to defrost. It didn't help that she didn't own very warm clothing,
and none of her classmates had anything better to lend her.

In the end it didn't matter, because after a week, none of the champions
had found any sign of the dragon. Fleur was the first to realize it was
going to take more than blindly wandering around in the forest to find
what she wanted, and consequently was spending more and more time in the
library than outside.

It didn't take long for Cedric to come to the same conclusion. The rest
of Hogwarts soon lost interest when it became obvious that they wouldn't
see anything really exciting from them whether they were reading in the
library or wandering the forest. Harry had his own problems to deal
with.

McGunny had requested to see him.

---

"Is something the matter?" Harry asked, his first though upon entering
the abandoned classroom was that Oblitz had done or said something
suspicious. He hadn't heard from McGunny directly for months now, and
even the last interview he had done for the Hogwarts' Herald had been
done through one of McGunny's underlings. He figured the other boy had
accepted his reasons for not wanting a biographer, and was glad for it.

McGunny shook his head, his back turned to him as he wandered further
into the classroom.

"No, not really. I'm still keeping my eye on the Durmstang people, but
they appear to all be behaving themselves. That isn't what I wanted to
talk to you about."

"What is it, then?"

The older boy stopped, and turned back to him. Harry felt the hairs on
the back of his neck rise, and his hand twitch for the wand up his
sleeve. There wasn't anything threatening in his expression, indeed it
was friendly and open, but it wasn't one Harry had ever seen him wear
before. At the same time, it was a little too familiar.

"I wanted to ask for your story again."

Harry shook his head. "I told you already why I can't do that."

"Of course, and you were right. There is no way I could write your story
for anyone else to read. Not only would it likely violate national
secrets, it would reveal personal things you would never feel
comfortable with the public knowing. I understand that, and won't ask
you to make yourself that vulnerable. I just thought..."

McGunny sighed, and his strange expression slipped away into something
Harry recognized. Frustration and the desire to make someone understand.
It was the only thing that kept him from running out the door and not
looking back.

"I just thought, one day you would want someone to understand you, not
just assume that they understand you. One day, you'll find a girl you
want to marry and have children, and they'll all hear what the world
says about you and that they'll want to know what is true and what
isn't, but you won't have the words or the memory to explain it all.
Perhaps it will still be too personal to say directly. Either way,
you'll have your story that you can't or won't tell, and you might die
without anyone ever having truly known you."

Harry said nothing. He could feel McGunny's sincerity behind his words,
and it pulled at him like a magical force, urging him to accept his
offer. But he couldn't do that.

"And that is what you want?"

"I do. I want to understand. If I can understand you, then perhaps one
day what I write will have others understand. Even if it's just one
other person. Even if it's never read by anyone else for a thousand
years. I believe it will be worth it."

Harry looked away. It was starting to become painful to face that
sincerity directly. He was afraid to be overwhelmed by it.

"What do you expect me to do?" Harry asked angrily, hoping passion of
some sort would strengthen his will to resist. "I *can't* tell you, even
if I wanted to. If Voldemort found out I told you certain things, both
of our lives could be in danger. He's a legilimens, and he's used his
ability on me before. None of my secrets are safe from him."

"I've thought of that."

Harry looked back at him, and watched as he removed a book from his bag
and came forward to show him. It was large, black leather with steel
fixtures, and a lock on it like he occasionally saw on books in the
restricted section. It did not, however, require a key to open it. The
pages were completely blank.

"What is it?"

"It's a Keepsafe Book. It's what witches and wizards write anything they
want to keep secret. Book of Shadows, diaries, things like that. You can
spell them so that they won't unlock without the blood of a family
member, or a secret password, or special key or talisman. If someone
forces open the lock, all the writing on the page disappears, and
becomes irretrievable or is filled with something else. I had a
grandmother who kept a diary that showed cookie recipes instead if you
didn't say the proper password."

"... um... okay, that's neat, but that doesn't really help."

"I know, but this is my idea. I'm going to give this book to you. Only
you will be able to unlock it. Every so often, we'll meet, and we'll
have a writing session. I ask questions, you talk, a charmed quill will
write what we say. Afterwards, you stick around for a while and do
homework or something, and I revise what was written. When I'm done, you
take the book with you. If we reach a point where you can't talk about
what happened, then I leave you to fill in those parts on your own. So
you keep the secrets you have to, and only I will know the rest. It's
not like I'm interested solely in your secrets. It's what you do and
feel in the quiet moments between rescuing damsels and slaying monsters
that I want to know. That's the part that explains who you are and why
you do what you do."

Harry had to admit that was a good idea.

"How do I know if I can trust you? Even without the book, do you expect
me to just tell you everything about me? I mean, come on."

"I'll take a Confidentiality Oath."

"I have no idea what that is. Is it magical?"

"Yes. Lots of Court officials and doctors have to take it before they
talk about a case or treat a patient. I'll never be able to talk about
anything you don't give me permission to talk about. It'll be like
having a... a therapist."

Harry felt the corner of his mouth twist into a smile at that. He
supposed if anyone needed to vent to someone, it was probably him. He
dropped it quickly before McGunny interpreted it as a 'yes'.

"I don't know... I mean, I've got enough going on as it is..."

But McGunny already sensed he had gotten over most of Harry's
resistance, and wouldn't be stopped now.

"We'll do it over... Sunday dinners... or while you're painting or...
or... or just whenever it's convenient. I mean, we'll have to meet
regularly. There is so much I want to ask you, and there;s no telling
what the future will bring. I'm sure that with the political situation
you're in right now that a lot of important things are going to be
happening in your life, and people are going to misinterpret or even lie
about you at every turn. When that starts happening you're going to
really need me to write for you, to have someone understand."

Harry tried to grasp the concept of working on something for *decades*,
but couldn't. He understood working at the same job for decades or
educating yourself all your life or being married until death, but
working on a single *thing* for that long just didn't quite click in his
head. He thought he would get bored of it or just exhausted. McGunny
didn't seem worried about that in the least.

"I still don't know. It's not really my thing," he said.

"Alright, then why don't we just try it out? We'll do three interviews,
and if you really don't like it, then we'll stop. Let's give it a try,
at least. Please? This is more important to me than you'll ever know"

And that's what worried Harry so much.

"... Alright. Three tries, but if I say no after that, then it's over."

"I promise, Potter... Harry... You're not going to regret this."

Harry didn't have the heart to tell him, he already did.

---

Fleur was not having a good week. Since the challenge had begun, she had
spent a horrible amount of time in an even more horrible forest where it
never got above forty degrees, evil dead vegetation tore at her clothes
and hair, and she felt watched where ever she went. She'd ruined her
nicest boots too. Worse, it had all been for nothing. She hadn't found
the dragon or any sign of it. Honestly, she had no idea what to even
look for.

Now she was in the library, blessed warm but so far unhelpful. She had
researched dragons, hiding spells, finding spells, hunting manuals,
tales of dragon slayers, government policies on dragon extermination,
but none of them had produced anything remotely helpful. If the dragon
had chosen it's own lair, the informations might have been useful, but
since it was hidden by wizards, this clearly wasn't the case and she
didn't know what to do. All the caves she had found were empty (of
dragons at least. There had been a rather startling encounter with a
very drowsy bear), and the ground didn't seem disturbed anywhere she
searched. Although it was hard to tell in some places. There were a few
species of wandering trees that were known for uprooting themselves and
moving somewhere else, but if they had moved it hadn't been since
summer.

But then, who knew when the dragon had been put in the forest? No one
had seen or heard anything around there since school had started.

"Ah, excuse me, Miss Delacour?"

Fleur looked up from her book on Ents ( it was worth a shot), and looked
over her shoulder. A Gryffindor was standing behind her, roughly the
same age as her. He had the shockingly orange hair of a Weasley, but she
couldn't recall his first name.

"Yes, Weasley?"

"Sorry to bother you, but um... my brother Bill was wondering if you
were available to talk. I'll explain that you're busy if you like. I
understand you have more important things-"

"That's quite alright. I needed a break anyway."

He seemed startled by her answer, and floundered for a moment as he
tried to think what he should do next. "Ah...um..er... he's out in
greenhouse number two, not the one with Potter's cobra of course, that's
in number three so... yeah, he's not suppose to wander around the
school, even though he goes here- I mean went here."

"I hope Hogwarts doesn't let a cobra wander around the halls," she said,
feeling her amusement rise with his every flustered word.

"No, no, of course not... well, Nagini used to, but... I meant Bill.
Bill isn't supposed to wander around."

"I understand. Will you put my books away for me?"

"S-sure, I can do that."

"Thank you."

She left him flustered, and went down to the entryway, bundled up as
best she could against the cold, cast a quick warming charm on herself.
Outside the gray sky warned of snow and lots of it, and a hard northern
wind threatened a full storm. Even Krum would have to spend the night
indoors tonight. She sprinted around the castle as quick as she could,
hoping to reach the greenhouse before the warming charm wore off. She
didn't quite make it, but the running saved her from the chill, and when
she entered the greenhouse she felt immediately overheated.

"Hoo," she sighed, pulling off her cloak. "Bill? Are you here?"

"Over here," he called, coming around an enormous fern. He smiled at her
with his little boy smile she was becoming increasingly fond of, and
pulled out a box. "Sorry to come by unannounced, but I got something for
you."

"For me? Bill, you didn't have to do that!"

His grin turned impish.

"Of course I did. I'm the new safety coordinator. I have to make sure
all the champions don't hurt themselves, like say... wandering around
the forest with barely any clothes on in the middle of winter."

"I am *not* naked."

"Might as well be, as much heat as that getup looses. Come on, you'll
like it. Well, most of it anyway."

He handed the box out to her, and after a good long moment of just being
stubborn, she snatched the box out of his hand and opened it. Inside was
a cloak and a pair of boots, dark gray and lined with rabbit fur.

"They're nothing fancy," he said, sheepishly, "but they're durable and
warm. They're not magic, so the rules say I can give them to you. Ginny
mentioned you didn't seem to have anything appropriate for spelunking in
winter, so I thought you might like them."

"Bill, they're perfect! Thank you!"

She hugged him tightly and kissed his cheek. He turned pink, but still
managed to keep grinning like a rogue..

"Glad you like them, because you're going to hate me for this one. My
mom heard you didn't have anything either, so she sent you something
too. Please don't blame me. It was Ginny's fault, I swear," he said in
mock regret, handing her yet another box. He tried to touch it as little
as possible, as if there were something particularly nasty inside. She
accepted it, more curious now than apprehensive. She opened it...

...and understood his feelings completely. She found herself face to
face with perhaps the silliest (if not the ugliest) sweater she had ever
seen. It was the same baby blue of Beauxbaton's school emblem, but the
color was it's only attractive feature. It was bulky, shapeless, with a
giant'F' stamped across the front of it in golden sequence. Her face
must have said it all, because Bill burst out laughing.

"I'm sorry, I really am. She means well, but her fashion sense hasn't
evolved since she was in primary school. I don't expect you to wear it,
but you can always take it back to France with you. Think of it as a
funny souvenir."

She gave it another considering look. It *did* look warm, and as long as
she wore something over it, no one had to know. Gabrielle would laugh
herself silly if she saw her sister wear it, which might just make it
worth the embarrassment.

"I like it," she said.

Bill's jaw practically dropped clean off his face.

---

Sunday arrived with snow. Lots and lots of snow. It started falling
lightly after sunset on Saturday, and gradually grew in strength through
the night and into the next day. Even Krum hadn't bothered searching
under those conditions, and spent a rare afternoon with Hermione just
talking in the library. Cedric and Fleur also visited in the library,
but they went looking for ideas to aid their search once the snow let
up. Cedric had a few he wanted to try, even though he doubted they would
work.

Wanting to try out his ideas at the first available opportunity, he
waited only long enough for the snow to ease up just a bit, and then
headed out. The sun had just set, and the world was a bluish gray as
light slowly drained from the endless white. Cedric trudged through the
eight inches of snow to the boundary of the Forbidden Forest. He pulled
out his champion's badge, the Hogwarts' coat of arms molded in gold and
hanging from a heavy chain around his neck, and held it out before him.
Passing through the barrier was like walking through a small waterfall,
cool with a feeling of pressure coming down on his head and shoulders.
He always checked himself instinctively to see if he was wet, but he
never was.

In the forest, it was already deep night. Even without any leaves on the
trees, skeletal wooden limbs reached out to block out as much of the sky
as possible, casting the land in shadows. Tonight, however, the luminous
glow of the snow under the light of his *Lumos* overpowered even the
most stubborn gloom, and soften the darkest shadows into deep blues. He
stopped occasionally to look around and admire the dramatic change. It
was quite miraculous.

When he was finally deep enough that he could no longer make out the
castle, he opened his satchel and pulled out his supplies for his latest
experiment. There wasn't much to it. A Smell-n-Seek Hound, little more
than a charmed origami dog the size of his hand, and one dragonhide
glove. The Smell-n-Seek he had found in craft book for amusing young
children, and its reliability was definitely questionable, but since he
was searching for a smell instead of a magical signature, he thought it
just might work.

If the poor thing didn't dissolve in the snow first.

"Smell," he instructed his charm, and it immediately stiffen in his hand
and leaned forward to sniff at the dragonhide glove in the other. It
wagged its paper tail to let him now he'd picked up the scent. "Seek."

The charm floated out of his hand and around his head, before drifting
off towards the North. Cedric trudged after it, his enthusiasm growing.
He may have actually stumbled across something that would work! And it
was so ridiculously stupid too!

He grinned to himself, and followed it deeper into forest.

---

Viktor speared the ground with his enchanted javelin, pulled it out,
barely glanced at it's clean wooden tip, took a few more steps, and
repeated the process. This had been his hunting technique for the past
week. He'd only managed to cover a third of the entire territory, but he
wasn't deterred. If anything, he knew he'd find it by Christmas, and he
just had to hope the other two didn't think of something better or just
get lucky.

The technique he was using wasn't really designed for hunting dragons,
although the javelin was known to be at least partially effective
against them, but for hunting**Wolpertinger[^74-1], a type of antlered rabbit
the size of small pony that hibernated in underground burrows. There was
no point in looking for their lairs with your eyes, as they left no
mounds or openings and were usually under a layer of snow. Javelins
enchanted to pierce the ground effortlessly, poking through the earth
until it came back bloody was the only way to find them. He just had to
count on who ever hid the dragon hadn't buried it very deep. His
progress was steady for nearly half an hour, when he found something he
hadn't been looking for.

A hoof print.

He looked at it curiously, holding up his glowing wand to it. It was the
distinct 'U' shape of a horses foot, and as he looked about he spotted
several more. There were at least two sets of prints moving along side
each other in one direction. His first thought was 'unicorns', but then
realized these were much too large. Besides, unicorns could walk on top
of snow.

There was no way horses would simply be wandering around the Forbidden
Forest on their own. They had to have had riders.

Viktor immediately snuffed out his *Lumos*, and crouched low to the
ground, looking around for any sign of watchers. How long had they been
there? Had they seen him and the others? What was their purpose? A dozen
ideas ranging from assassins to dragon poachers flitted through his
mind. There was only one way to find out.

With only the barest outline of the tracks visible in dark blue of the
snow, he kept his body low and began following them North.

---

The Smell-n-Seek dropped out of the sky like a falling leaf, landing
with it's head buried in the snow and it's tail wagging happily. Cedric
let out a woop of joy and began to dig where it had landed, shoveling
snow out of the way with his hands. He was reached the ground and was
ready to bring out his wand to start with digging spells, but what he
saw gave him pause. He recast his Light Charm, and pulled up some dead
vegetation. He examined it closely, and once he realized what it was he
let out a frustrated curse.

"*Dammit!*"

It was monkshood. Snape had his class brewing Wolfsbane Potion last
Thursday. It wasn't the dragon hide the stupid charm had been smelling
it was the potion ingredients!

An amused laugh shocked him out of his ire. He spun around with his
wand, but saw no one.

"It was a good idea. I admit I thought it might work," came a familiar
voice, heavy on the French accent.

"Fleur? Where are you?" he demanded, still unable to see her, even
though her voice was close.

"Up here." He looked up, and found her hovering above him on a broom. In
her gray cloak, she was barely visible against the sky above.

"How long have you been up there?" he demanded angrily. "Were you spying
on me?"

"Of course I was. You didn't show up for dinner, so I knew you had to be
up to something."

"How long?"

"Not long. Fifteen? Twenty minutes?" she admitted readily. "I wasn't
going to steal your victory if you actually found it, I just wanted to
see for myself."

"Right," he said skeptically, and started trudging back the way he had
come. The snow had started to pick up again, and with Fleur spying on
him, he didn't fancy being outside any longer.

"It iz not like it matters anyway, zince you didn't find anyzing," she
pointed out. He glared up at her.

"It matters to me. At least, I know now I'm going to have to watch my
back-" he started, but soon realized she wasn't paying him any
attention. She was looking in another direction, off into the distance
that her high vantage point allowed. "What is it? What's wrong'

"There iz zomezing coming... Cedric, I zink you should get out of
zight."

"What are you playing-"

"Cedric, *please.*"

There was honest panic in her voice, and joke or not, he decided not to
risk it. He turned tail and ran. At least, he tried. The snow was deep,
the route filled with obstacles half hidden, and he stumbled frequently.

"They're getting closer," Fleur called, "Climb a tree, you'll be in a
better position!"

"Help me, then!"

He went for the most likely tree he could find, a huge old oak with
several massive branches, but his gloves made finding a grip cumbersome.
Fleur dipped low beside him, grabbing wrist and pulling him with as much
strength as she could muster. They made it half way up before a crash
and snap of underbrush being disturbed, drew their attention. He ducked
as far behind the tree as he could and she shot upwards on her broom,
hoping they hadn't been spotted.

"Viktor?" Fleur whispered, as a figure bolted beneath her.

It was, in fact, Viktor, but he wasn't alone. He was running, his wand
held out before him to create a magical, obstacle free path as he moved
*on top* of the snow, but his pursuers were close behind. Her first
impression was that Viktor was being chased by men on horseback, but
even in the darkening wood she knew that wasn't right. It took her a
long, confused moment, before she realized they were centaurs.

And they were *shooting* at Viktor. She couldn't see the arrows
themselves, but she could see the boy ducking them and branches shift
from the impact. She didn't understand why he hadn't just portkeyed away
already, but knew there had to be something wrong. Had he lost it? Had
it been taken from him?

She withdrew her wand and aimed it below. "*Expelliarmus!*" she shouted,
and spell rocket downwards, smashing through tree branches and exploding
in the snow before them. Both centaurs veered, splitting into different
directions. They shouted something to each other, and one continued to
pursue Viktor while the other aimed his bow towards her. "*Stupify!*"
she tried, but he ducked behind a patch of trees. She tried to follow
his movements, but he disappeared.

She scanned below her frantically, seeing nothing. An arrow came at her,
and she twisted so that it only caught a loose bit of cloak. She cried
out in surprise, and the broom shot up per her body's instinct to
retreat. It was a mistake, she hadn't had time to look where she was
going, and ended up tangled in the branches of a tree. Another arrow
shot passed her, dangerously close to her chest.

Frightened and angry, she screamed out a fire curse, hardly bothering to
aim and watched in satisfaction as it exploded, knocking the centaur off
it's feet and into a tree. Seizing her chance, she began to untangle
herself, intent on going after the other centaur. Cedric still had his
champion's badge and could portkey away if he got into trouble, but
Viktor obviously needed help.

She was so busy pulling the last of her cloak from the tangle that she
didn't notice when the centaur got to its feet and gathered up its bow.
He took aim and pulled back his arrow.

"FLEUR! MOVE!"

Dropping fast, she turned to the origin of the voice, and found Cedric
dangerously exposed. He had his wand out, but had lost his footing and
only one hand was keeping him from a fifteen foot drop. Their eyes met
for just a fraction of a second, and then he looked ahead.

The arrow caught him square in the chest. He jerked at the impact, then
looked down slowly to see the shaft sticking out of him. He didn't move
even a fraction after that, but his hand loosed around the supporting
branch and he fell...

---

Harry knew he should have been inside, studying or playing with his
friends, nice and warm by the fire and early to bed for a school the
next day. He *should* have been, but it was a full moon. Even hidden by
the snow and the clouds, he could feel *Her*and knew she would not let
him sleep tonight. He was restless and giddy, and couldn't think of
anyone to share it with except perhaps the Weasley twins, who were
nowhere to be found (and neither was Jophery suspiciously enough). So he
wandered the grounds, all but invisible in his Baluvian cloak and magic
boots, exploring his world transformed.

His nocturnal eyes missed nothing. Every falling snowflake, every
distant light, every curve of his white, glowing world.

He was glad he had decided to stay out for so long too. If he hadn't
been wandering, he never would have seen the explosion inside the
forbidden forest. He was quite convinced at that moment that someone had
woken up the dragon, and that would have been a terrible thing to have
missed.

---

Medi-wizard Keigle had to say his latest assignment was by far the
easiest he had ever had. All he had to do was sit around the cozy little
cottage that had been erected near the boundary of the wards to the
Forbidden Forest. He'd been doing it for over a week without incident.

It was rather like a vacation. The views outside his window were quite
lovely, he caught up on some of his reading, got to wear bunny slippers
all day, and the Hogwart's house elves took care of all his meals,
cleaning, and chores.

Then, on a night where he wouldn't have thought champions foolish enough
to even dare a search, he was pulled from his dinner by a woman
screaming. He'd grabbed his medical bag, not bothering with his cloak or
boots, and rushed out to see what had happened. One look at the boy,
barely conscious and covered in blood, and he knew his vacation was
over.

---

Harry followed them back to the castle, guided more by curiosity than
concern. The moon was fat and content, and there was little that was
going to keep him from enjoying it. He wasn't going to get in their way
though. He was very careful to make sure they didn't notice him.

He followed them all the way to the castle, through the hallways, and up
the stairs. Cedric floated stiffly in the air, eyes wide and frightened,
hand to his bloody chest. Fleur pushed his body along as fast as she
could, the medi-wizard muttering spells and shoving pins into chest,
careful to avoid the hand over his patient's heart.

There weren't many people in the hall, but Harry kept to the shadows and
secret passages anyway, slipping past even those few gawkers they
happened upon, making a game of it. He went completely unseen all the
way to the infirmary, where he hesitated for a moment. It would
definitely be a lot harder to go unnoticed once inside, and Cedric
obviously needed some serious care. Should he really risk distracting
them?

Then he figured if Fleur didn't distract them, it was unlikely they
would even notice him. He slipped inside. A privacy screen had already
been pulled up, so no one even saw him enter or find himself a quiet
corner to watch their silhouettes against the screen and listen. They
provided a very helpful narrative.

"Careful, *careful*, we can't risk any further damage to the heart," he
heard Pomfrey urge.

"I *know*. It'll be fine. Are you still with us, Mr. Diggory?"

There was a pained moan, followed by a strangled scream.

"*Got it!* Miss Delacour, get this to Professor Snape and inform of what
has happened. He'll be able to use it to create an antidote to the
poison later. For now, tell him we need a stasis potion if he has any,
otherwise we'll have to send for it at St. Mungo's, and I don't know if
he's going to last that long. Hurry, *hurry!*"

Fleur rushed out from behind the screen, covered in blood, clutching
something wrapped in a white handkerchief. She didn't notice him at all
as she left, but then he doubted she would notice anything until she had
her mysterious item safely in Snape's hands. He removed his cloak and
gloves, and moved closer.

He could smell the blood now. How much could Cedric possibly have left
inside him?

"Stay awake, Diggory!" the medi-wizard snapped, "Don't you dare close
your eyes! You just have to stay awake, and you'll be fine. Diggory?
*Diggory!*"

There was a harsh sound of a slap, and a sharp, painful cry.

"Enough of that! Stay awake or I'll start breaking your fingers," he
threatened.

That really isn't fair, Harry thought. Cedric needed help, not more
pain. He slipped around the privacy screen, surveying the damage. A
memory rose up instantly, spiking through his giddy dissociation. Sirius
had looked so much like this that day. Prone, pale, and dying.

Even as the pain rose up, it began to ebb away. He couldn't summon the
tears to heal this one. He didn't have the love, and at the moment he
lacked even the compassion. He couldn't heal, but... he might be able to
do something else.

Neither Pomfrey nor the medi-wizard even realized he was there until he
stepped up to the bed and placed his hand over Cedric's. Both jumped
away in surprise and fright, dropping their equipment in their retreat.

"Potter! What are you doing?! Get out of here at once!" Pomfrey screamed
at him, but he ignored her. They had stripped Cedric down to the waist,
exposing his bare chest and their ghastly efforts to save him. Pins,
large nasty pins like those at Madam Malkin's used to hold cloth in
place, stuck out of the boy's chest in the rough shape of a circle
around his heart. The wet hand beneath his, held some sort of moss over
the wound for equally mysterious purposes. Harry suspected it was to
fight the poison.

"Hey."

---

Cedric stared half lidded at this newest presence, familiar but
inappropriate to the situation. Why was Harry there? He couldn't quite
bring himself to speak. "You've gone and made a mess of yourself. It's
not as fun as people make it out to be, is it?"

Cedric shook his head, ever so slightly. The Gryffindor was quite right.

"Are you mad! GET OUT!" he heard Pomfrey shouting, her voice muffled as
if underwater, though he could hear the other perfectly.

"Don't worry. I wouldn't lecture you if you weren't going to live to
learn your lesson," Harry assured him.

"Mr. Potter if you don't step away right this minute, I will be forced
to move you!"

"You're starting to feel stronger already, aren't you?"

"*Stu-*" Pomfrey began, but it was cut off by the sounds of a struggle,
and then a man spoke. "No, don't! *Look*! Look at what he's doing!"

They were barely comprehensible, so Cedric ignored them, and simply
nodded at the other, feeling his strength return even as he spoke.

"It doesn't hurt anymore, does it?"

And pain started to recede, leaving him feeling heavy as if he were
laying in a bathtub while the water drained. All that was left, was the
heat on his hand where Harry laid his own, slowing sinking deeper into
his body. He blinked at him in confusion. "No, it doesn't. What's wrong
with your eyes? They're all... shiny."

"You're dreaming. This is just a dream. They're fixing you up while you
sleep. That's why you aren't hurting."

"...But I can feel your hand. It's hot. I feel the heat filling up my
chest."

"Potion side effects. Nothing more. If you were awake, wouldn't you be
scared? Would I even be here?"

Cedric looked side to side, as much as his position would allow, his
vision still too blurry to make out much of anything except two people
just out of his periphery and Harry standing over him, starkly vivid.

"I'm dying right now, aren't I?"

"Yes," Harry agreed. "But you won't die. Not tonight."

"Are you an angel?"

The smile grew to full out grin, making the vision before him a
frightening thing. But who knew? Maybe that was how angel's were suppose
to look.

"Yes, I'll be an angel for you tonight. I'll protect you from the dark
places."

"Viktor. What about Viktor? He's still out there. I don't know if they
caught him yet, but I don't think he can escape. Will you protect him,
too?"

"Of course. I am a Wælcyrie[^74-2]. I am where ever a warrior falls."

"Oh..." Cedric said, as if that explained everything. He relaxed back
against his pallet. "Why do you look like Harry?"

More horrible grinning.

"How do you know he doesn't look like me? Maybe he's my cousin."

That made even more sense to the half delusional boy, and the Wælcyrie
laughed, sending searing hot spikes of strength through his entire body.
He let out a groan, grabbing its wrist, and attempting to pull its hand
away, but it was immovable.

"Potter!"

The Wælcyrie turned, smiling fiendishly at the newest arrival. To scare
it away, was Cedric's first thought.

---

"Potter!"

Harry turned to see Snape standing behind him, a rubber tube in one hand
and an infuriated expression on his face. Both things struck him as
strangely hilarious at the moment, but he managed to swallow his
laughter, if not his smile. He waved at his professor with his free
hand.

"Hi!"

"What the hell are you doing?!" the man snarled, then turned to the
stunned doctor and nurse, "And why the hell are you letting him do it,
you imbeciles?"

The medi-wizard glowered right back, but even without the bunny slipper
he never stood a change. He just made Harry giggle.

"Whatever his technique, it is proving more effective than my own," the
medi-wizard insisted. "But a stasis potion is still required. I trust
you have one."

"I do. Shall I give it to him now, or would you like to visit the
Hufflepuff dormitory first and see if they have any brilliant ideas? Or
perhaps the St. Mungo's psychiatric ward?"

The medi-wizard made an impatient gesture for him to proceed. Snape
turned back to the patient, who looked towards him (in a vague sort of
way) before settling back on Harry. Harry grinned back at him.

"Don't worry. I won't let him eat you," he promised.

"Have you ingested mushrooms, Potter?" Snape hissed, tossing aside the
tubing (brought in case the patient proved incapable of swallowing) and
pulling out a vial of dark purple liquid from his robe. The potion's
master uncorked it and handed it to Cedric. "Drink it."

The Hufflepuff looked to Harry for reassurance.

"I won't let him poison you either."

Satisfied, Cedric drank it quickly. His arm didn't even make back down
before he suddenly stilled, his body caught in the tableau of a grimace.
His role complete for the night, Harry pulled his hand away. It didn't
get far. Snape snatched it up, then dropped it again, recoiling from the
saturation of magic there. He glared at Harry.

"Go to my office. I want an explanation when I get back there. You will
not leave until I say so."

"Okay," Harry said agreeably, and turned to go. There wasn't anything
left here to amuse himself with anyway. Or at least, that what he
thought until, out of the corner of his eye, he spotted the remains of
Cedric's cloak and shirt.

Resting on top of the pile was something shiny.

---

By the time Harry reached Gryffindor tower, news of Cedric's death
(everyone was quite convinced he was dead and he didn't bother to stop
and correct them) had spread, and everyone gathered in the common room
to bounce ideas off each other in the place of actual facts. No one paid
him any mind as he squeezed pass the masses. They had seen his odd
comings and goings before, and there were more interesting things to
discuss for once.

He was careful to keep his hood pulled low and his bloody hand hidden.

The dorm room was deserted, and he lingered only long enough to wash his
hands and pack his school satchel with supplies. It was while he was
looking for an extra pair of socks under the bed, when he found
something... not entirely unexpected. His searching fingers closed
around cool, smooth wood, and he pulled it out.

Gryffindor's sword sat in hands, thrumming with excitement and ready for
battle.

"Not exactly what I was looking for," Harry mused to himself. "But it
might come in handy."

---

Anglo-Saxon word for Valkyrie. Yes, I know Harry isn't a woman and
suggesting he'll *protect* a warrior from death is contradictory to the
definition. Convincing Cedric of this despite the contradictions, is
what Moon-crazy Harry finds so funny. And yes, Cedric would know what a
Wælcyrie is, for the same reason everyone else knows about angels and
Buddha and Hercules. It's just one of those cultural things that shows
up in stories and historical references and such.

A real, fake creature. Like an American Jackalope. It's a running joke
in places like Bavaria. Wikipedia it.