# Foreign Affairs

"Allbright, you're after Ginny," Ron said, stepping off the platform as his
sister made her way up. The entire Hogwarts' Dueling Club was at their fifth
dueling tournament in Edinburgh, competing against Westwidgen, the local
wizarding school. Three platforms had been set up in the great hall to
accommodate three different skill levels; beginner, intermediate, and semi-
professional, and each had their own selection of four judges. Spectators were
placed safely behind a ward, protecting them from the odd renegade spell and
protecting the duelists from overzealous fans and angry parents. The ward
muffled some of the noise from the crowd, but you could still hear the
cheering and shouting and cursing, and even if you were deaf you could tell
who was rooting for who by the color of robes they wore and the many signs and
flags they were waving.

The locals were decked out mostly in blue and black and made up the majority
of the crowd, but Hogwarts' supporters were every color under the sun and were
by far the most enthusiastic. There were also a lot more student supporters,
who had considerably less shame than their adult neighbors.

As Ron walked by one crowd of girls he smirked at them and they broke out into
squeals of delight. With a considerably less friendly look towards Allbright,
he said. "Don't screw up."

The young Hufflepuff grimaced, but nodded. Harry placed his hand on the boy's
shoulder and smiled.

"Don't mind him. He says the same thing to everyone. You're going to do fine.
I've seen the other guy, he's got poor endurance. Just keep up your defense
and he'll tire himself out. Got it?"

"Yeah, thanks Captain."

Technically, Harry was still just vice captain, but since Ron tended to ignore
the 'Rookies', they had, unofficially, given him that honor. It annoyed the
hell out of Ron, but not enough for him to actually take charge of them. Harry
just grinned and went to talk to the arrogant bastard who was standing next to
Snape and watching Fred duel... or rather toy with the Westwidgen team captain
on the semi-professional platform. There were only a handful of duelist in
either school qualified to be semi-professional, and all of them sixth or
seventh years. Both Jr. Division duelists looked on with a sort of longing as
the two boys battled it out in what appeared to be a fight to the death. Harry
shook himself out of it to talk to Ron.

"If you don't want to bother with the rookies, that's fine with me. But I'd
appreciate it if you didn't shoot down their morale just before they're about
to fight."

The red head tore his eyes away from Fred to glare at Harry in annoyance.

"We're sitting in third position because *you* can't teach them to do more
than put up shields. We'd be going to the championship if it wasn't for losers
like Allbright."

Harry came very close to setting fire to Ron with his eyes alone at that
moment. Instead, he grabbed his arm and hissed in his ear.

"Don't put your fucked-up leadership skills on *my* shoulders, Weasley. My
rookies have been performing on par or better with every other school's
beginner level duelists, *despite* the fact that you've neglected to give them
their fair share of duels during practice and *despite* the fact you've gone
out of your way to make them feel like shit. If they were performing poorly,
which they're *not*, it'd be *your* damned fault as their captain. The only
reason we're in third position is because the Sr. Division sucks at
swordsmanship. No, offense professor."

Snape shrugged. It wasn't his fault after all. Most Sr. Division duelists were
supposed to have started practicing swordsmanship while in Jr. Division, but
since the club was so new, most had only a year of practice. It wasn't a big
deal. Sword fighting only came in to play when both duelists spent too much of
their magic to fight with their wands. It had happened only twice since they
started to compete, but one of those times had cost them the competition.
Snape had decided to put more emphasis on it when they began practicing for
next season. Otherwise, their team was doing incredibly well. They'd even
featured in some of the national papers.

Ron jerked his arm free and shoved him away, looking ready to draw his wand.

"Boys," Snape warned evenly, his expression neutral, "Save it for the
platform."

They broke it off, and Harry stalked back to the other end of the platform to
watch Ginny finish her duel and lend his support to Allbright. The youngest
Weasley walked off the platform, shaking out her hand and grimacing.

"Damn, I should have seen that one coming. The Disarming spell is so obvious."

"You okay?"

"Yeah, nothing hurt but my pride. And I think my wand rolled underneath the
other team's bench."

"Want me to get it for you?"

"Would you? I'm not afraid, but boys can be such perverts. Did you notice they
don't have a single girl on their team?"

She found this strangely offensive, even though the Dueling Club had a mere
six girls (it had been nine but two girls had graduated and Natalie had quit)
out of almost forty duelists.

"Yeah, I noticed. I thought that one guy was going burst a vein when Owens
knocked him off the platform," he chuckled. He saw the rookie head for the
platform. "Good luck, Allbright! Alright, wait here while I get your wand."

He circled around the room to avoid getting in the way of the judges and
headed towards Westwidgen's bench, a long row of blue and black uniforms and
buzz cuts. They all watched him approach suspiciously. The crowd on this side
was mostly Westmidgen parents, and they hissed and booed as he passed them. He
stopped in front of the bench.

"Excuse, my friend believes her wand rolled over here. Have any of you seen
it?"

"Who wants to know?" a first year grumbled. He was the boy Owens had beaten,
and still sour over the matter. Everyone was sour over the matter, in fact,
especially since their team was losing.

"Me, obviously," Harry said, knowing they knew damn well who he was. Most
people did nowadays.

"Well, we don't have it," said another boy.

"I never said you did. I said it may have rolled under your bench. Would you
mind moving for a moment so I can look?"

"Maybe we would."

Typical. Harry wished he could just take out his wand and summon Ginny's, but
all someone would have to do is accuse him of casting a spell on an opposing
team, and their entire school would be disqualified. So Harry sighed and held
out his hand and closed his eyes.

"What are you doing, weirdo."

"Magic, you neophyte... *come*."

Ginny's wand leaped into is hand. There was a gasp and several boys jumped up
and away from him. He just turned and walked back to his team. Hermione was
there, her arms crossed.

"Must you provoke them?"

"Don't be silly. That was me *avoiding* provoking them. Well, except for the
'neophyte' comment, but they started that one."

"Do you even know what 'neophyte' means?"

"Isn't that Ron on a good day?"

She slapped his shoulder, but he just grinned and went to find Ginny. She was
talking to Owens, and they both grinned at him. Clearly, they had seen what he
had done.

"Show off," Owens said.

"You shouldn't waste your magic going wandless during a competition," Ginny
pointed out. Harry shrugged.

"I've won all my matches already, and it's not like my job requires a lot of
magic. I'll be fine."

Plus he'd been practicing since school had let out, and couldn't help wanting
to 'show off' as Owens put it. His decision on whether he still wished to
sacrifice his chance at heaven and seeing his family after he died for the
different sort of immortality that paganism had to offer was still up in the
air at the moment, but the subtle gifts in magic he had been granted since the
ritual hadn't dissipated and he saw no reason (and also no way) to avoid using
them. Wandless magic came easier to him now, though it was still draining, and
his ability to sense magic as a smell or a change in temperature (which had
always been there but never really noticeable until now) was becoming more and
more pronounced. Aside from a few 'parlor trick' wandless summonings, like
with Ginny's wand, he hadn't told or shown anyone, but he thought Snape and
Hermione might both be suspicious.

Allbright won his match, just barely, but was ecstatically happy when Harry
told him he'd done a good job. Allbright was the weakest duelist on the team,
and he knew it, but he was so determined to get better that Harry couldn't
help but admire him and want to help him reach his goal. If he could one day
get the Hufflepuff skilled enough to fight as a semi-professional, he thought
all the stress and annoyance Ron caused him would be well worth it.

The last match was between Cedric Diggory and the Westwidgen Vice Captain
(Fred had already defeated the Captain), which Cedric won with a spectacular
Arching Arrow spell, a stun spell that flew over the target and then turned
around to hit them from behind, bypassing any shield that didn't encompass the
back as well as the front. Hogwarts won 58 matches to 22.

And just in time too. He was running late.

"Professor, I've got to go!" he said, running past him. "I'll see you at
home!"

Snape glowered at his undignified escape, but waved him off. He still had an
entire team of students to re-unite with their guardians. Potter was the least
of his concerns at the moment.

The Gryffindor hurried through the crowds, careful to avoid the group of girls
with the 'Potter's #1' sign, and out the school's auditorium doors. A long
flight of stairs rolled down the hill where carriages and horses and stalls of
valets keeping broomsticks and portkeys safe waited to transport their owners
home. A single car stood out amongst the throng, surrounded by curious
onlookers wondering who amongst the crowd was ostentatious enough to bring
such a contraption to a humble school sporting event. Victoria stood at the
passenger door in a chauffeur's uniform, keeping the crowd from touching or
attempting to peek inside. Harry waved to her as reached the bottom of the
stairs, and she smiled and opened the door for him.

"I left your change of clothes inside, Young Master," she said.

"Thanks, Vicki," he said, and hopped into the back seat. Once inside, he knew
he was invisible to everyone outside, but he still waited until Victoria drove
them away from the crowds and into the city to start changing. Black dress
slacks, a pressed white shirt, gray vest and red tie replaced his dueling
leathers, and a light black robe with the symbol for the Court of Foreign
Affairs (a crown of laurels and sword set in the center and 'Honor to our
Brothers in War and Peace' spelled out in Latin encircling it) stitched across
the left breast to make it all official looking. His watch was found amongst
the pile and he slipped it into his pocket. While waiting to arrive in London,
he attended to the care of his dueling uniform, casting the routine cleaning
spells and strengthening spells and repair spells.

"How did the Oxford Ogres do today, Vicki?" he asked by way of conversation.

"Still duking it out last I checked. I think the Irish Selkies are going to
win though. The Ogres' Seeker was acting a blind fool after he got hit with a
bludger."

Harry sighed, "They never should have replaced Jameson."

"Amen to that."

Traffic was flowing smoothly on Saturday, and they made it in good time to the
Forum, a series of buildings set about in a circle, each designated to
supervise Britain's relationship with different parts of the world. Below
ground all these buildings were connected, but only a handful of individuals
had the security clearance to walk those conjoined halls. Harry had been
through them once with the Dark Lord and the Judge of the Department of
Germanic States, Isaac Drumm, on the first day he had been assigned to work
there. He had never been below again, but he could recall his unease walking
those quiet, empty halls and the sense that bad things happened behind the
series of locked doors that bore no names or numbers.

They pulled up to the Department of Germanic States (sadly termed the DOGS
House), a majestic building with Baroque architecture and an abundance of
paintings involving the Black Forest, largely considered the most magical
forest in the world even by British wizards. He didn't wait for Victoria to
open the door for him, but called out a quick 'thanks, I'll see you later' and
sprinted for the entrance. His watch was already starting to grow warm, so it
was with some sense of urgency that he approached the security check point
manned by a young Brass Cult* lieutenant. He was checked head to toe for spy
paraphernalia, handed a security badge, and then waved through. An elevator
took him to the third floor.

The moment he stepped off the elevator he was welcomed with a rather nasty
scowl from his supervisor, Simeon Schultz, who had the misfortune to resemble
his namesake. He didn't like Harry, and had made that fact known from day one.
The Gryffindor didn't know his reasoning, but he thought it might be
professional jealousy. Judge Drumm actually knew him, a mere mail room clerk,
by name and would talk to him when he delivered the man's mail, where it took
Herr Schultz three years to reach mail room supervisor and another two months
for his boss to actually remember his name.

"You're cutting it close, Herr Potter," Schultz groused, crossing his
unusually long arms.

"Sorry, sir."

"Don't apologize to me, apologize to Richter Drumm und Ambassadeur Swartzmann.
They asked to see you when you finally decided to show up."

"Ambassadeur? As in, a German ambassador?"

"That's right, the first one we've seen in person for seven years so don't
keep him waiting."

"Yes, sir. Is there any mail for the Judge?"

A pile of envelopes and scrolls were shoved into his hands, and he hurried on
his way. Men and women sitting in cubicles and offices, poked out their heads
as he passed asking for reports and deliveries to and from Düsseldorf and
Mainz and Erfurt. He apologized as he went, promising to get it all taken care
of as soon as he got back. Mail room clerk was by far the most hectic of
Harry's summer jobs, but he thought it might also be his most fun. There was a
contagious excitement in the air. Everyone was busy with important things that
he got to help with, and despite it all being centered around another country,
it made him feel strangely patriotic for his own. It was as if his job was to
show Germany what a fine country Great Britain really was, and that they would
be good friends if given a chance.

The Judge's office was concealed behind an ornate wooden door, on which was
carved a dragon that would blow fire at you if you tried to open the door by
force. Wisely, Harry knocked first.

"Kommen Sie bitte herein*.*"

Inside, the office was laid out like a study, filled with books and
instruments and comfortable furniture for studying or working in repose. The
Judge, a slender man in his sixties with a grandfatherly demeanor and a
lawyer's shrewdness, sat in an over stuffed chair across from an unfamiliar
gentleman who could only have been Ambassadeur Swartzmann. He was in his late
forties, with a handsome Scandinavian face, a thick mustache, and despite
being a little heavy in the middle a picture of physical strength. They both
smiled at Harry as he entered.

"Guten Tag, junger Mann. Wie lief dein Wettkampf?" the Judge asked.

"Ganz gut, dankeschön***. ***Hogwarts hat sich in diesem Wettkampf sehr gut
gemacht. *."*

"Excellent news. Do you think you'll make it to nationals this year?"

"I'm afraid we only placed third. Next year we'll definitely go."

"Herr Potter here is part of Hogwart's new dueling club. They've done very
well for themselves," the judge explained to the ambassador. Swartzmann
grinned and nodded.

"A fine sport."

"Ah! Forgive me, where are my manners? I haven't introduced you both. Harold,
this is Ambassador Franz Swartzmann from the German Ministry of Magic.
Ambassadeur Swartzmann, this is Herr Harold Potter, temporarily on loan to us
from Hogwarts."

"A pleasure to meet you," Harry said, shaking his hand politely. The man's
grip was firm, but Harry thought if he'd applied full pressure he could easily
ground the bones in his hand to dust.

"Likewise. And I would just like to say, that I hope, despite the rumors going
around, you know the Ministry of Magic and the witches and wizards of Germany
wish you no ill will."

Harry blinked. He'd almost forgotten about Moody's support from Dumbledore,
who in turn was supposedly supported by Germany and various other European
nations. He had been working very hard to forget about the Moody fiasco and
its deadly conclusion in its entirety, and had succeeded but for the
occasional nightmares and Natalie's conspicuous absence. He forced a smile.

"That is good to know. I hope to visit again someday without worrying about
assassins and angry mobs... and that came out really badly, didn't it?"

Swartzmann just laughed, a booming sound like a fog horn.

"Ah! Young man, I hope you introduce yourself to Krum. He could use some of
that British humor."

"Krum?"

"One of Durmstang's students and a professional Seeker for Bulgaria's national
quidditch team. He's the most likely to be the schools champion during the
Triwizard tournament. Real intense guy. Driven, I guess you could say. How
about Hogwarts? Can you think of any likely champions? Think you might try
yourself, perhaps?"

Harry just blinked at him, not understanding a thing he was talking about.
Judge Drumm chuckled.

"I'm sorry, Ambassador, I forgot to mention I hadn't told him yet. It's
suppose to be a secret until the start of the school term, after all. But I
suppose I've been a bit too strict. Herr Potter has proven himself quite
capable of discretion," he said, then turned to Harry to explain.

"It's really quite exciting. Germany and France have both agreed to
participate in an international school competition called the Triwizard Cup. A
sort of magical decathlon. Traditionally, Hogwarts used to host this
competition every forty years or so, but the war disrupted things. It seems
diplomacy is finally starting to pay off. Hogwarts will be receiving some
forty or fifty exchange students for the year, and if everything goes
smoothly, we hope to expand our friendly relations into other sectors such as
trade and tourism once again."

Swartzmann nodded. "There's an election coming up, so the Minister is under a
lot of pressure to ease international tension. This is an excellent
opportunity for both our countries."

That did indeed sound very exciting and important, which resulted in a
definite unease settling over Harry. A school competition didn't seem that bad
on the surface, but having been nearly fed to werewolves by sore losers in
quidditch and nearly throttled by Ron on several occasions in dueling club,
the threat of juvenile intrigue was very real. British wizards were bad
enough, who knew what level foreign wizards played at?

"So what do you think?" Swartzmann said, "Interested in trying your hand?
We've heard rumors all the way in Berlin about some of your exploits. Killed
an acramantula, didn't you? Befriended werewolves? Fly like the devil. Ah, I
bet Krum would love a chance to fly against you What do you say? It could be a
lot of fun!"

Harry shook his head.

"My hands are quite full without knocking heads with professional quidditch
players, thank you."

The ambassador sighed, but didn't look too disappointed. "I suppose it doesn't
matter. You'd only be what? Fourth? Fifth year?"

"Fourth."

"So young. The competitions are pretty dangerous so only sixth and seventh
year students are permitted to compete. Oh, well."

The unease evaporated. It seemed that just this once, someone else was going
to be in more danger than him, and no one could say he was shirking some weird
responsibility to school and country by avoiding the matter. Rules were rules
after all.

A full year of nothing more hazardous than Ronald Weasley in a mood (or
possibly Snape in *more* of a mood than usual), sounded wonderful. His grades
hadn't been bad last year, but they were not what they could have been. This
year he wanted to focus on his studies, quidditch (would there be a house cup
with two other schools taking up residence for the year?), dueling club, and
any other skills that would decrease the chances of him dying before
graduation.

He shook himself out of his distraction.

"Sounds great," he said, seeing they were still looking at him. "I'll try my
best to help them feel welcome. Oh, and I forgot, you've got mail, sir."

Judge Drumm nodded. "Thank you, Harold, just put it on my desk, and I'll let
you get back to work. It was good to chat with you."

"Thank you, sir. It was a pleasure, Ambassador."

"Likewise, Herr Potter. You have a nice day."

Harry bowed slightly to them both and left. What an interesting turn of
events. Should he tell any of his friends? How secret was 'secret' in this
case? National news worthy certainly, but national secret worthy?

He wasn't given much time to think about it. No sooner than he stepped out
onto the floor than people started demanding their reports and mail and forms
and a variety of materials deemed too sensitive to left flying through the air
like it did at the Court registration offices or the Court education
department. What exactly had been Voldemort's intention when setting him up
with a job here? One that was technically meant for someone with German
language skills higher than that of an eight year old? True, his German
vocabulary had not only returned but was greatly increased since he'd started
working almost a month ago and the pay was impressive for a part-time minor,
but he wondered who he had cheated out of a job with the Dark Lord's meddling.

The sudden idea that Voldemort was setting him up to rule Germany popped into
his head, almost making him laugh.

Until he remembered, you could never tell with that man.

---
---

Harry arrived home at a quarter after five, with Inana waiting on the porch
for him like a loyal puppy and Snape expecting him to cook dinner like an
overbearing husband.

"You're late," the potions master informed him.

"No, I'm not," he said, dismissively, heading for the kitchen. "If I were late
my watch would have gotten hot. I can make yesterday's leftover stew into a
pot pie or I can roast the chicken. The pie would be faster, but it's up to
you."

"I ate the stew for lunch. And you're fifteen minutes late."

"I'm fifteen minutes *later* than usual, but I'm not late. Would you mind
washing and rinsing the vegetables?" He wandered around the kitchen, picking
up pots and bowls and herbs and measuring spoons as he went. The kitchen had
become his domain, just as the potion lab was Snape's, and though his
professor liked to tease him with names like 'fishwife' and 'Miss Potter',
even he knew better than to challenge his authority there.

"I've been working in the potion's lab today."

Didn't necessarily mean the man didn't try to get around it occasionally.

Harry gave him a look, that threatened to become nagging if Snape didn't do as
he was... well, requested. Snape rolled up his sleeves and went to the
cupboard. "Don't blame me if mushrooms start growing out of your ears. Did you
stop somewhere?"

"No, I was just running behind. There was a visitor today, and I ended up
talking to him. Do you know Ambassador Swartzmann?" While Snape prepared the
vegetables, Harry made a glaze with herbs and chicken broth. This was a
routine that had been established the year before, and as bizarre as it seemed
once the young Gryffindor returned to Hogwarts, it was natural and even
comfortable in their house.

Yes, it felt like *their* house now. Last year, he had only been a guest.
These days it felt more like a home. A home with an older, bossy, nosy, and
perpetually hungry man as a roommate, but home nonetheless. He couldn't say
why or how exactly things were different. It had to have been Snape's doing,
though he wasn't any nicer or less snarky than before. There were days when he
thought it was because Snape was going to adopt him at one time, which meant
he had to have felt something other than professional responsibility towards
him. Those days were few because it didn't take him long to remember it had
all been Larousse's idea and Snape hadn't seen him as anything more than
indulgence to his fiancée. He took out the chicken from the 'chilling
cupboard' and started to glaze it.

"Not personally," the man said, flicking his wand about so that he wouldn't
actually have touch his food. "But the Dark Lord has made him known to me.
What do you know of his intentions here?"

"Triwizard tournament."

"Ah, yes. Do you understand its significance?"

"Probably not. I know it's the first time in over a decade Germany's allowed
civilians to visit. I know... I *heard* the German minister is under a lot of
pressure to ease the tension between our countries. I know I don't have to
worry about it since I'm not old enough to compete."

Snape snorted, the potato dropping out of the levitation charm as a result.

"This tournament is a competition, plain and simple, just on a larger scale
than previously. It's a matter of national pride. Depending how each champion
performs, generalized statements about the character and educational quality
of their school and country can be made. Superiority- is this still edible?"

"Just wash it off again."

"Superiority can be inferred. It is each champion's intention to be considered
the most powerful, skilled, and intelligent and pass on their glory to their
nation."

"Does this mean we're really just fighting a miniature war?"

"Essentially. Now what do you want with these?"

"Put them in the pot."

"Of course, it's a war of pride. The Dark Lord believes this sort of thing is
necessary in order for Europe to recognize his sovereignty over Britain. If
the youth of the nation are as strong or stronger than they were during the
reign of the Ministry, what right does anyone have to say that his cause was
not justified?"

"And if we lose badly?"

"... Europe will feel justified in denouncing him... continuing to denounce
him and then things will get messy. I'm not worried. I've visited both
schools. They have some subjects they excel in, but their education is
mediocre overall in comparison to Hogwarts. Now what?"

Harry cast a spell into the pot, slicing the vegetables into large chunks. He
poured the rest of his herb broth over them, set the chicken on top, and put
the whole thing in the oven.

"Forty-five minutes and it should be done."

"Mm... you have a letter. I left it on your bed."

Harry was half way up the stairs before he remembered to call back a 'thank
you!' He entered his room, and found it the same organized chaos he'd left in
the morning. Elsbeth's perch and Inana's basket both rested empty on their own
stands by the open window, charmed to open whenever either creature approached
(Inana found she could come and go by climbing the gutter and rain spout). In
the corner of the room that received the most light, he had set down a large
white sheet now splattered with paint, an easel, and art supplies carefully
stored in totes and bins and tin cans. His latest piece featured Elsbeth on
her perch hallowed in moonlight in oil pastels, her large yellow eyes peeking
open as he entered before closing again in sleep. His growing collection of
books rested on a bookshelf, along with his collection of magical artifacts, a
box of letters, and photographs, but soon he'd need another shelf it was
getting so crowded. His desk was likewise cluttered with Hogwarts'
memorabilia; summer homework assignments, old text books, parchment and
quills, and his student manual. Only his cold weather clothes and most secret
of possessions remained in his school trunk; his wooden box, Sirius' fang
necklace, the runaway box, and the Marauder's Map (once again in his
possession, because the twins were broke for Christmas) were carefully hidden
away in the folds of his Baluvian cloak and beneath an ever growing number of
security spells.

The letter rested on his bed. He read the return address.

'Die Reicher Familie'. He smiled. He had been keeping up a fairly steady
correspondence with the Reichers since they'd given him shelter on Christmas
Eve, or more precisely he was keeping correspondence with Morgana, her crayon
drawings the only clue to as to what the ghastly squiggles that passed for her
handwriting stood for. Their letters brought a bitter sweet sensation to
Harry, who felt both blessed to have her affection and lonely when he realized
she would eventually grow out of it. Her attention was due to childish
infatuation, not kinship after all.

He opened the letter and found himself looking at a drawing of the Reichers
standing on the beach, blocky beige bodies with red smiles, except for Robert
who was very pink and frowning. Harry burst out laughing, easily imagining the
poor man's sunburned vacation. He read Morgana's unique calligraphy and
managed to make out 'Jersey' and 'swimming' and 'Papa looks like a lobster'.

He spent his time before dinner writing a reply, involving a tale about Sir
Weasley the Boorish, a vagrant night and villain whom Prince Harold was intent
on turning into a real boar, complete with a little cartoon Ron being
transfigured into a pig.

---
---

While Harry amused himself upstairs, Snape went to his study to attend to his
own mail. Among the usual bills and requests for his expertise on some project
or another, was a letter from the Court. More specifically, Voldemort, though
he had refrained from signing the letter himself. It contained orders for a
report on Harry's current status and instructions for the boy's upcoming stay
at the werewolf colony. As far as Snape could tell, Harry was as obnoxiously
happy as he had been last year except for the unexplained happening that had
driven the Cypher girl away from him and clean out of dueling club.

Sending the boy to play with a bunch of moon-madden savages in the forest
didn't seem conducive to keeping him well, but that really wasn't any of his
business. Potter was involved in a form of magic Snape had only a vague
understanding of, and whatever it was it required the instruction of a pagan,
not a potions master or professional duelist.

It was with an uneasy fascination that Snape was waiting to see what precisely
Potter was going to become. Another dark lord? It seemed unlikely, given
Voldemort's intolerance for challengers. What then? Theorizing would bring no
definite answers, so he moved on to the other item contained in the missive.

A list.

More specifically, a list of healthy, single, Pureblood women. A list of
potential wives. He snorted. It was five months until he had deemed it an
appropriate time to start searching for a 'Mrs. Snape', but it seemed the Dark
Lord was getting impatient. Did he perhaps want him to start a family so he
could officially adopt Potter as Larousse had wanted? His fiancé's death had
done wonders for the Gryffindor's public image, not only repairing whatever
damage his parents' rebellious history had brought down on the boy but
instilling a sort of paternal instinct in the public. Potter had gone from
'young upstart' to 'Britain's lost son' in the span of a week. The Court was
still filtering out sympathy mail from those few letters by people Potter was
actually permitted to correspond with.

If that was the Dark Lord's game... there wasn't really anything Snape could
do about it except be grateful that he'd only have to put up with it for two
or three years. It wasn't like Potter's company was intolerable. Some days,
the boy proved to be quite interesting.

Alcohol was usually required at the end of such days.

---
---

The summer solstice announced itself with a storm. It blew in shortly after
midnight, awakening Harry with the sound of thunder. He stayed up for almost
an hour watching the lightening illuminate the countryside, and feeling the
magic against his skin like an electric charge.

And then he was hit with a powerful compulsion, like an Imperius Curse. He
stripped out of his nightclothes, left his glasses on the nightstand, and
walked out of the house. He was completely blinded. Blinded by the dark,
blinded by the absence of his glasses, blinded by the rain in his eyes, but
his feet found their footing true.

The rain was heavy with magic, Earth magic tasting heavily of Voldemort's
unique flavor. Harry knew it for what it was. The result of a ritual, a
summoning of gods and spirits, a joyous dance between Mother and child. He
looked up to the sky and opened his mouth, swallowing down the water and
magic, making it a part of himself.

Lightening flashed directly overhead, and he laughed at the electric tickle
that ran through his body. His feet were soon doing more than walking, they
were running and leaping and twirling, rushing him far away from the house and
into the meadow. The mud squished beneath his toes, but didn't swallow him.
The rocks rolled under his feet but did not trip him. He danced his way
through the tall grass and brambles without fear or self-consciousness,
feeling only power and joy.

He wasn't sure how long he remained dancing out in the rain, for he knew no
fatigue and his focus was on nothing more than the happiness reveling in his
compulsion brought him. He didn't even know when the storm had ended and he'd
collapsed.

What he did know was that he had fallen asleep outside, and that he must have
slept late, because he woke up very naked in the middle of the meadow with the
Dark Lord and Snape staring down at him.

And suddenly, he felt all his self-consciousness return with a vengeance.

"Did you have fun last night?" Voldemort queried, handing him a cloak. "I know
I did."

Harry wrapped the cloak around himself and risked a peek at both men. Snape
seemed stuck somewhere between intense curiosity and blatant disapproval, but
not the least bit embarrassed about staring down at a naked person. Voldemort
was dressed in his shaman robes, and grinning like a fox. Harry could feel his
magic, the same magic he had felt last night, tingling against his skin like
electricity.

"What did you do?" he groaned.

"Just a little summoning ritual. A Welsh storm god to be more precise. It
seems you got caught up in though. I forgot that your element is water. How do
you feel?"

Harry climbed to his feet and tried to take stock, but we was feeling
disoriented and his definite lack of clothes wasn't helping him.

"Wet. And muddy... and I've got to pee."

Snape snorted. Voldemort chuckled.

"You *did* drink a lot of water. Come on, you can clean up back at the house.
It wouldn't do to greet the Head Alpha as you are now."

---
---

While Harry showered, Voldemort and Snape waited with cups of tea in the
study. Snape was brimming with questions over what had just happened. He
hadn't even been aware Harry wasn't in the house until the Dark Lord showed up
at his door three hours before he was expected and told him to follow him. The
meadow was unpleasantly wet and muddy, but he didn't dare voice his
complaints, and soon forgot them altogether when they came upon Potter lying
naked in a circle of crushed grass. Even more startling was the abundance of
clovers that seemed to have grown up directly beneath the child, fluffy white
blooms smelling sweetly of nectar.

It was one of those 'interesting' moments Snape was coming to dread, and the
intense wave of curiosity that followed was unlikely to be satisfied. The Dark
Lord seemed content to ignore it.

"Should I expect this sort of thing routinely?" he asked.

Voldemort looked at him over his tea cup, incongruous in his barbarian garb
and perfect manners. He smirked.

"I shall make him a ward. It wouldn't do if someone found out they could
summon Harry like a mere nature spirit. Although, I may have invited him to
join in the ritual myself by accident."

"I thought you would be performing a solstice ritual during the full moon?"

"The full moon isn't close enough to the solstice to be worth it. Besides, I
can't really entrust my apprentice's wellbeing to the moon. She has proven...
unreliable."

*Imagine that*, Snape mused.

"But you are still going to celebrate with the werewolves?"

"My participation in werewolf festivities is primarily for diplomatic reasons,
but I intend to make use of my time there to teach Harry more of the pagan
arts. He has seen so little of it, but it has a strong hold over him already."

Snape nodded, believing this was very much the case. He had noticed the
unusually quick progression of the boy's magic, particularly his wandless
magic, and the odd moments when the child seemed to just *know* things he
shouldn't. Like when the weather would change or what herbs and vegetables
were at their best or what sort of spell a duelist was going to cast. Little
things no one would think much of unless they saw how frequently accurate
these predictions were. It made Potter's reticence ironic.

"I believe he is having doubts, my Lord."

Voldemort gave him a curious look. "Doubts?"

"About becoming a pagan. Vesper's death shook up some questions in him about
the afterlife. He's been questioning his godfathers about it in his letters."

"What have they said?"

"Nothing. They wish to see him in person before they discuss it. I thought you
should know before you let them run off with him."

Voldemort nodded, but didn't look too concerned.

"Thank you, Severus. I'm glad you told me, but I'm not worried. At this point,
Harry can no more claim himself a child of God than his godfathers can. The
Earth has a firm hold over all their spirits. It would require an extremely
potent spiritual conversion for Harry's soul to reject what has been offered
to him, and more sacrifice than I imagine he is willing to give. I will be
careful with him, however. He may or may not be able to become a Christian,
but his dedication to paganism can still be greatly influenced by his
experiences and his belief in choice."

Snape considered that, and wondered at its meaning. He wasn't a Christian
really nor a pagan, as both religions seemed to him bizarre and pointless and
more than a little bit scary. There were forces out there beyond the scope of
human understanding, he accepted that, but why anyone would want to or have to
tie their soul to some deity with questionable intent was beyond him. Why
would such beings even *want* to tie spirits to them? Did they taste yummy?

"You received my list, I trust?" Voldemort asked, interrupting his internal
musings.

"Of eligible women? Yes, I narrowed down my selection to four, but I haven't
done much more than that. It's still several months before I can start placing
formal inquiries."

"I know you want to be respectful to your fiancé's memory, but if you delay
too long you will certainly lose opportunities. These are women of quality.
They will have many offers before you even try your hand."

Snape tilted his head in concession, but didn't seemed particularly bothered.
Voldemort sighed. The potions master could be such a child when it came to
some things. Before a lecture could be given, or really an order, Harry
entered the study, squeaky clean from his shower. He was dressed in leathers,
with Inana resting around his neck, and a light black cloak folded in his arm.

"How do you feel now that you are dry, clean, and don't have to pee?"
Voldemort asked, amused when the boy blushed and looked at his toes.

"... Tingly... kind of lightheaded."

"Good. Just relax and let the magic settle."

Harry just nodded. Aside from a few brief encounters and setting him up with
the job at the Court, they had seen very little of each other in the past
couple of months. The Dark Lord had been busy with a series of new projects,
and Harry hadn't had much time on his hands once the spring semester had
started. He was feeling shy, and being discovered naked in a field had done
nothing to relieve that.

The Dark Lord set down his tea and stood.

"Thank you for the tea, Severus. I think we will be going now. See you in six
days."

"A pleasant journey, my Lord," the potions master said, escorting them too the
door. To Harry he gave a warning look. "Behave."

Harry crossed his arms and muttered, "Kind of hard not to misbehave in a
werewolf colony."

---
---

Fenrir watched Blackbone from inside his house as the younger alpha paced in
the shade of an oak tree nearby. Every so often, the man would stop, look
towards the path leading into the commune, then resume pacing. The Head Alpha
found Blackbone's behavior vaguely amusing coming from someone normally as
aloof as rebellious male.

"What do you see, Father? A snorkleburk?" came a curious voice, and a moment
later, Luna was beside him, peeking out the window with him. "It's Blackbone.
He's moving around like he sat on an ant hill."

Fenrir chuckled, and patted Luna on the head. The goddess that had previously
been inhabiting her body was now gone, but though she now lacked that
omniscience that defined her divinity she wasn't left entirely untouched. The
strangest things still came out of her mouth, but now they amused Fenrir more
than guided him.

"You're friend is coming today. Twilight Seeker. Do you remember him?"

Luna thought for a moment. "Harry?"

"Yeah, that's the one."

She smiled, and wandered off. Fenrir watched her go and wondered what she was
up to. Nowadays she was even more mysterious that she had been before. She was
no sooner gone than movement drew his attention back towards Blackbone. A
young beta came running down the path, and the alpha grabbed his arm before he
let him pass, snarling something. The beta cowered, said something, and the
alpha released him. Blackbone stalked out of the commune and into the forest.

There was a knock on his door.

"Greyback!"

"Enter," he commanded, and the beta from the path opened the door and stepped
inside.

"God Eater is here."

Greyback stalked towards the door, and glared at the young beta, who cringed
and cowered, staring resolutely at his toes.

"I don't suppose you told Blackbone this fact *before* you told your alpha?"

"Ah! I- I'm sorry! He w-wouldn't l-let me p-pass!"

Fenrir knocked him to the floor a powerful backhand, snarling. "Decide now
whether you fear your alpha or Blackbone more!"

He walked away from beta, still curled up on the floor. It was becoming an
increasing problem, his packs not knowing when to bow to Blackbone's natural
dominance and when to uphold their Head Alpha's desires. The black werewolf's
status had been diminished after his months away at Hogwarts, but he had
returned more aggressive and defiant than before. The fights between them had
become increasingly violent. The packs were becoming uneasy.

One of them was going to kill the other before the next summer solstice, of
that Greyback was certain. He wasn't worried about himself, as far as alphas
went he had been the most successful in history in terms of increasing the
werewolf population and improving their quality of life, and he would go to
his grave satisfied with that. Blackbone was a strong man, a strong leader,
and despite his sometimes juvenile sense of humor, he wasn't afraid to get
serious. Greyback's only true fear was that Blackbone, out of some misguided
attachment to the wizarding world and his grudge against the Snake Lord, would
foolishly undo everything that he had built in war that could only hurt them.

It was a matter he desperately needed to discuss with Voldemort.

And with Harry Potter.

---
---

[^63-1]: For those who forgot, the Brass Cult is Voldemort's new army. **Br**itish
**Ass**embly for **Cult**ural Preservation and Defense - **BrAss Cult**. Also
named because their uniform buttons and insignia are made of brass, at least
for the typical foot soldier. The higher the rank, the more expensive their
uniform fixtures.

[^63-2]: Also, note, 'Judge' in Voldemort's Court isn't the same thing as a 'judge'
in a muggle court. 'Judge' is a high ranking Court official, in this case
rather like an ambassador. German translation is Richter.

And yes, I know this wasn't a very action packed chapter, but a little
background in what's happening in Harry's life and in the world since school
ended is necessary. Next chapter has more action in it, I promise. Voldemort
and pagan rituals feature prominently, which I'm sure makes all of you quite
happy.
