# Royal Negotiations Continued...

By the time Harry made it back to the settlement, the shock had worn
off. He was left instead with a confusing mix of emotions and thoughts.
Depression over Sirius' harshness and the honesty in which it had been
delivered, confusion about what he should do now and what it might mean
for his impromptu family, and a sharp fear that his failure to convince
the alpha would result in tragedy. Most of all, however, he felt
frustrated. What did Sirius know about what Harry had gone through? Who
was he to judge? Sirius hadn't been in his positions, hadn't had to face
the same things with only his own admittedly limited judgment.

And Harry didn't regret. How could he? What could he have done
differently that wouldn't have gotten him or others killed or imprisoned
or hurt? Although there had been those who hadn't escaped that fate
because he... But he couldn't have predicted that.

Voldemort himself could not be defined by convention and couldn't be
held to the same standards as other wizards. He wasn't like other
wizards and never would be. Harry doubted he could even be considered
human, but he was a being Harry could find both nobility and devotion
in. Voldemort was a creature whose nature he could forgive because the
whole of his nature was greater than the sum of his cruelty and
ambition.

Harry couldn't hate the man, despite all he had done. Not that he could
or would trust him either.

At the same time, there was no way Sirius could understand this. It
wasn't even fair to try and make him understand it. So what was he
suppose to to do? Accept this animosity? Had their bonds truly been so
weak to shatter so readily?

There were no answers to his questions. At least none that he could find
in himself, and there weren't exactly many people he could ask advice
of. His thoughts immediately shifted to Kyle Reicher and his sage advice
on Christmas Eve, but perhaps this was a little beyond even his scope of
understanding. Sna...eh... no.

The only person he could think to ask advice of was the other half of
his problem. Of course, that might give Harry just the sort of
perspective he needed to figure out is thoughts, feelings, and what he
was going to do about it.

He moved carefully through the crowds, conscious of his lack of
protection amongst the throng of notoriously violent men and women (and
children if you ever caught yourself playing football with them), but
everyone let him through with a casual sort of respect he'd seen for
Greyback's children and mate. Arriving at Voldemort's tent, he found the
man sitting on the floor and smoking a strange pipe. It was very long
and thin, and made of a reddish wood and decorated with a golden serpent
or dragon.

Harry paused, watching as the Dark Lord inhaled from the pipe deeply,
then slowly exhaled a reddish smoke. The smoke undulated in an amorphous
cloud for a moment, then took on the shake of... something. It wasn't
any creature Harry recognized. When it held still it look rather like
the root system of a flower, veiny red threads spreading out into ever
smaller threads, yet when it moved he got the distinct impression of
legs and arms and fingers not unlike a human's, though he could identify
nothing resembling a head. It was the size of a toddler, but watching it
move purposefully around the Dark Lord's head it seemed like a somewhat
older and more curious child.

"What is it?" Harry asked, coming to sit across from his mentor

"A tree spirit," he was informed. "A holly tree spirit to be more
precise. I pulled her out of a woodpile three years ago. Some stupid
muggle had cut down her tree for fire wood, poor dear."

It was strange to hear the man take pity on anything, but Harry felt a
bit of pity of his own. The spirit moved towards him, undulating like a
jellyfish. He wasn't afraid of her, but he was a little startled when
she reached out to touch his face. Not expecting it, he sneezed and she
dissolved into formless wisps, only to regather herself again and hover
a little higher. He noted that with her this close the air smelled of
holly flowers rather than the burnt wood smell he had been expecting.

"And what are you doing with her?"

Voldemort watched the spirit with some amusement. "Waiting for her to
grow up. She's much too young for anything significant, right now."

"And when she is grown?"

"I wonder. Perhaps I will offer her as a bride to one of my gods. Or I
might give her a body of her own so that I might speak to her and learn
the ways of trees. I have one hundred years to think of something."

Harry blinked. "A hundred years? You're going to wait a hundred years
just to decide with to do with her?"

"I imagine I'll have plenty to do while I wait. There's no point in
hurrying. I have much longer than a hundred years to find things to fill
my time with."

Harry knew this. From what he had seen and experienced during the
Solstice Ritual the Dark Lord could theoretically live as long as the
earth itself, but he suspected it wasn't going to be quite *that* long.

"How long?"

Voldemort looked away from the spirit and down at Harry, seeming to
contemplate his inquiry or more specifically why it had been asked.
Finding nothing more than childish curiosity, he answered.

"I was promised a millennium about fifteen years ago[^65-1]. So...
nine-hundred and eighty five years to go."

Harry gaped. The life span of the earth seemed like a long time, but
having a definite number of years made it sound even more impossible.

"Who promised you?"

"Who? I wonder. It was prophesied by a woman from a long line of
reliable prophets, but I don't suppose they know where their knowledge
comes from any more than I do. The Earth probably, but they are just as
often attributed to God. Maybe it's both of them. Maybe it's something
else altogether. It is quite the mystery."

The spirit had moved while they were talking, drifting down to Harry's
thigh where his right hand was resting. The gentle touch of her
thread-like appendages drew his attention, and he held out his hand for
her and watched as she wrapped herself around all his fingers
individually, caressing them lovingly. Harry wasn't sure if he should
feel amused or violated.

The Dark Lord chuckled, but that wasn't a real indicator since he'd
probably laugh at either scenario.

"What is she doing?"

"You're wand is made of holly, isn't it?"

He nodded.

"She's flirting with the spirit in your wand. Or perhaps it's more like
she's leaving her scent on you for it to find. The little minx."

Harry felt an embarrassed blush bloom across his entire face. He gave
his hand a vigorous shake, freeing himself from her flirtation-by-proxy.
The man laughed harder, and the Gryffindor decided it was a good time to
talk about what he'd really come here for.

"*Anyway*," Harry said, interrupting the laughter. "I wanted to ask your
advice about something."

That stopped Voldemort's amusement quick. He actually looked surprised.
Harry had come to him before, but it was very rare and usually due to a
lack of alternatives. As far as he knew, there were at least two others
he could turn to before himself.

"And you felt you couldn't discuss it with your godfathers?" he asked,
somewhat suspiciously.

"Actually... it's sort of about them. Well, Sirius, at least."

"Ah, I see. And what seems to be the problem?"

Harry told him about Greyback's test, about the task he'd given Harry,
his subsequent failure, and Sirius' hurtful, honest accusations. The
Dark Lord said nothing through the entire tale and indeed for several
minutes afterwards. He sat silent and thoughtful, smoking from his pipe
which was now giving off gray smoke but still smelled of holly and
watching the spirit swim through the smoky haze. At last, he spoke.

"It is only two days from the full moon nearest the summer solstice.
Your godfather is no doubt feeling emotionally volatile like everyone
else. He meant some of what he said, I'm sure, but most of it was
probably said out of frustration and as a natural reaction to you
confronting him as an alpha. I believe it would be best to leave him be,
let him spend his aggression during the full moon, and then speak with
him again. I'm sure he'll be considerably more amiable then."

Harry felt a swell of hope in his heart. Could it really all just be a
reaction to coming full moon? He had never been at the receiving end of
Sirius' temper around the full moon, but then he had never challenged
Sirius' then either.

"Do you think so? What about Greyback?"

"I will speak with Greyback and suggest he avoid making any hasty
decisions until after the full moon, as well. If Blackbone continues to
be stubborn, however, I cannot promise his safety."

"Thank you," Harry choked out, the relief he felt manifesting itself in
an embarrassing display of tears. He tried again, forcing his voice to
sound less shaky. "Thank you. How do I repay you for this?"

The Dark Lord smiled, somewhat condescending, but he felt too grateful
to him to care. "I will simply accept your gratitude for this. After
all, it's in my best interest that you succeed in your task. I have no
desire to arbitrate the political chaos the death of your godfather
would create among the lycanthropes. He will make a fine leader for his
people so long as he can learn to be... adaptable. Just like you."

Harry wasn't sure what to make of that. Frankly, he didn't care right
now. All he cared about was that he had been given another chance to
save his godfathers and possibly many others from death.

He promised himself that this time, he would succeed.

---

About the time Harry was finding his hope, Sirius was finding himself in
a Grade A sulk. He had said some unforgivably stupid things and now his
godson probably felt like crap and Remus had given him a well deserved
slug to the face and stormed off. And whatever preconceived notions
people might have about his beta's strength, that man could throw a
punch like a mule could kick. This left him not only feeling sorry for
what he'd said, but also sorry for himself.

Even worse, he only had himself to blame. Well, himself and Voldemort.
Mostly Voldemort, though, because this certainly never would have
happened if overgrown snake hadn't slithered out of whatever viper pit
he'd come from.

As if things weren't bad enough, he didn't have anyone or anything to
take it out on. Voldemort and Greyback would have made lovely targets,
if not for the fact that his godson was absolutely right about the
dangers involved with that, to himself and the other werewolves. He
wasn't stupid. He had known the problems he was causing and could
potentially cause would result in death, his own and others. It was
just...

"Are you ill?"

He looked up from the tree stump he was sitting on to see Luna balancing
herself perfectly on the top of a boulder. Strange, beautiful Luna, who
came and went as mysteriously as the moon she was named for, a profound
presence even in her silence. He could only stare at her for a moment,
perplexed by her sudden appearance. She rarely approached people of her
own accord aside from Athena and Greyback.

"You look like you're having stomach pains," she continued, when he
didn't answer. "Do you need a laxative? I think we've got someone at
home. I promise I won't tell anyone."

Sirius snorted. That was the other thing about Luna. After five years as
a goddess she had missed several essential lessons in social graces.

"No, I don't have a stomach problem. I just feel bad about something I
said."

"Something bad you said to Harry?"

He sighed and ran a hand through his hair. This wasn't something he
wanted to talk about with her. There was no telling what would come out
of her mouth.

"And how did you figure that out?"

"Jackal came by the house to talk to Father. He said Harry failed to
convince you not to make war. Father said he would have to kill you now.
He was really sad about that. Harry must be really sad too."

Sirius grimaced. It wasn't that he cared if Greyback would try to kill
him now. He wasn't afraid of fighting the other alpha or even of being
killed by him, but he sure as hell didn't want anyone to feel s*ad*
about it. And he really didn't want Jackal of all people to be privy to
the things he'd said to Harry. He stared at his bare feet and the mud
squeezing up through his toes, and wondered if there was any way to fix
things.

While futilely trying to think of what Remus would do in his shoes, he
failed to notice that Luna had moved until her nose was practically
poking out his eyes. He jumped back, slipped, and fell off the stump and
onto his back.

"Luna, don't do that!"

"Sorry," she said, coming to sit beside him and leaned in almost as
close as she had before. "You should apologize to Harry before you die."

He smirked, and lifted a brow. "What makes you think I won't kill
Greyback first?"

"I never said you should apologize before Father kills you," she said
pragmatically.

With a sigh, he closed his eyes. There really was no winning against
Luna.

"It wasn't suppose to be happen like this," he said.

"Like what?"

"James wasn't suppose to runaway in the middle of the fight. Dumbledore
wasn't suppose to abandon his people. The Snake King wasn't suppose to
become the Wise King. Harry was never suppose to be his prince."

Luna tilted her head curiously, pondering his words. He watched as her
expression shifted, knowing she was tearing apart his words like a child
tears apart a particularly complicated toy.

"Is Harry a prince because Voldemort made him one or his Harry a prince
because Harry made himself one?"

Sirius blinked up at her stupidly. "Huh?"

"Did Voldemort make Harry a prince or did he make himself one?"

"What? I don't know what you mean by that."

She made a frustrated expression. "It isn't a trick question. Would
Harry still be a prince without Voldemort being a king?"

"I... I don't know... I mean... Well, yeah. Harry is Harry. The big
snake didn't have anything to do with him being brave or kind. That's
purely James and Lily's doing."

"No."

"No?"

"Harry being brave and kind is Harry's doing. His parents aren't here to
help or hinder him from being good or bad. It isn't their decision. It
isn't your decision. It isn't Voldemort's. It isn't Father's. Harry is
the way he is because that's how *he* decided to be. He loves you
because he chooses to love you. He asked you not to make war with with
Voldemort because that is what he believes is right, not because it's
what Father or Voldemort told him to do. But you knew that already,
didn't you?"

Sirius said nothing. There wasn't really a point. She had him pegged,
and her vaguely amused smile proved that she knew it too.

"And you know he's right, don't you? You know his way is the best way
for everyone, because he made his decision out of love for everyone."

The alpha looked away.

"You better decide what you're going to do soon," she said, finally
standing and moving away. "Father has run out of patience."

He sat up, but of course she was already gone as if she'd never been
there. What to do now? He needed to speak with Harry and apologize, but
that was easier said then done now that the Head Alpha was out for his
blood. His best chance was to find Remus first, who could bring Harry to
him without causing too much of a fuss, and they could start their
conversation over again, preferably without without anyone suffering any
physical or emotional damage.

Of course, finding Remus might not be any easier than finding Harry.

---

Tom looked down imperiously at the masses crowding through the square,
the summer heat wafting up in a humid haze, bringing with it the stink
of the city. After a long, cold winter of hiding and building his
strength, he thought the magic and warmth of spring and summer would be
a welcome change, but all he had found was intolerable amount of
sunlight and heat. The city only made it worse, for he thought he might
be reasonably comfortable living in a hollow tree or the rafters of a
barn, but his own purposes forced him into the squalor of the streets,
at the busiest intersection in all of wizarding London. There was too
much stone and not enough shade, too many people and not enough trees,
but this was his medicine and he had already accepted that it would
taste bitter.

And really he couldn't complain about his accommodations. Barnabas was a
considerate landlord, if not particularly bright. He politely ignored
him taking residence in his newspaper stand, and graciously renewed the
cooling charm in his shadowy niche in the stand's awning every so often.
In return, Tom refrained from crapping on him while he was working and
leaving pellets[^65-2] on the floor.

There was far too much noise during the day, but that was part of the
reason why Tom had chosen this particular spot. The hundreds of witches
and wizards that passed beneath him provided him with two essentials.
Magic and information. They were just down the street from half a dozen
Court Offices, including the Forum, and the officials and soldiers and
sentinels all came to this stand to and from work, leaving behind traces
of their magic and gossip which he devoured ravenously.

Already he felt strong enough to take the body of a human, and there
were so many to choose from, but he had to be cautious. His plans
involved more than living out the life of some government sheep, and he
needed to find the perfect individual in which to pursue his latest
quest.

Information was abundant, yet frustratingly incomplete. Those who came
and went were in the center of political life, but their individual
views did not see the shape of their own government as a whole. Tom
thought, having listened to tantalizing bits and pieces from many
perspectives, had a better view than most but even he couldn't say he
understood current events completely.

He knew there had been a recent push to renew relations with Europe and
he knew of the Triwizard Cup, but he did not know Voldemort's intentions
in sponsoring it nor Germany or France's when they accepted the
invitations. He knew about the recent death of the professor who was to
adopt Harry and the national sympathy that had earned the orphaned boy
when she had been killed, but not how Harry himself was taking the
tragedy. He knew war was in the air, but not from which direction it
would blow.

Britain was calm now, but only as a sleeping dragon that at any moment
would awaken to set the world on fire. He needed to be ready. Ready to
destroy his enemies and save his poor Harry from his brother's
machinations. Ready to seize power when the chaos finally broke out.

He needed to return to Hogwarts.

---

Harry sat outside Voldemort's tent, performing his first official task
as the Dark Lord's unofficial pagan apprentice. As was expected, it was
little more than grunt work. He was making incense or more precisely,
the extract that would compose the incense, grinding up nutmeg, clove,
camphor, and opononex[^65-3] with a crude wooden pestle and mortar. His
teacher said it was for a summoning lesson, though he hadn't specified
for what exactly. He'd gone off to talk with Greyback, and Harry wasn't
about to delay him with questions that could wait for later.

"Mmm... smells nice. Are you trying to lure something?"

Harry looked up to see Luna nearly standing on top of him, but not the
Luna he remembered. She was mostly the same shape, except for being
slightly taller and with the beginnings of a feminine curve to her
chest, and the same ivory skin, but the divine, disinterested ethereal
glow had disappeared. Her hair, which had seemed yellow as corn silk,
was now dirty blond and her slender body now came off as rather bony.
Her aloof omniscience was replaced with wide-eyed curiosity and a
complete lack of respect for personal space. If she had stepped any
closer, he would be looking up her loincloth.

And there was another difference. Instead of the shimmery robes and
layers of beads, she had dressed down to match her pack mates in a
leather two piece with a poncho made of roughly woven hemp draped over
her. All remnants of her former divinity were gone.

This didn't keep his last memories of her in human form (her very naked
human form pressed up against him) from inserting themselves into his
awareness, and a massive blush bloomed across his face. He quickly
looked for something to say to keep his thoughts from straying into
pervert territory.

"Er... yeah. Spirits. For later... um... He's teaching me summoning," he
said bashfully, then tried smiling up at her. "Hi, Luna."

She smiled back down at him.

"Hi, Harry." He scrambled for something else to say in his awkwardness,
but she beat him to it. "Can I help?"

"Oh. Sure. Grab that bowl of nutmeg and start peeling the shells off the
seeds."

A silence fell, and though Harry couldn't order his thoughts enough to
create a conversation, Luna looked perfectly at ease as she set about
the task he had given her. For the life of him, he couldn't think of
what to say. She had once known him with the omniscience only a deity
could possess, and he hadn't known her at all except in the physical
sense, which did nothing to ease his discomfiture.

"So..." he tried, not really knowing what was going to come out of his
mouth. "How have you been?"

She paused in her peeling and considered. "I don't know. Father says I'm
perfect, but Mother says I'm lonely. I'm not sure I believe either of
them."

"You don't know how you are? What you're feeling? About anything?"

She shrugged.

"Well, I used to, but after the goddess took me, I just sort of forgot.
But I'm learning. I know the important feelings. Anger. Fear. Love. But
the subtler emotions like jealousy or pride... I don't know. I finally
figured out 'worry' though. I kept getting it mixed up with anticipation
and fear."

"I can see why that might confuse you. They're all pretty similar,"
Harry said sympathetically, though inwardly he was baffled by her
naivety. "What are you worried about?"

"I'm worried Blackbone is going to kill Father."

Well, fuck. He looked away.

"I'm trying to talk to Sirius, but it hasn't gone well. If they can hold
off killing each other until after the full moon, Voldemort thinks I
might have more success."

She shook her head.

"No, one will have to kill the other eventually. It's in their nature."

Harry tried to wrap his mind around the idea that two people would be
drawn to kill each other, not out of personal grievance or ambition or
even of preference, but as a biological drive. Then came the horrible
conclusion that one way or the other, Sirius was going to have to fight
Greyback and he could be killed. Then came the other horrible
realization that even if Sirius won, he was going to kill someone.
Someone who happened to be the man Luna considered her father.

"I'm sorry," he said, unable to think of anything else. She looked at
him intently for a moment, perhaps to gage his honesty.

"I'm sorry too. I said I was worried Blackbone would kill Father, but
the truth is I think the reverse is going to happen. Father won't allow
Blackbone to kill him as things are now. Blackbone will-"

"Luna," he snapped. "Shut up."

Her already wide-eyes grew just a fraction, and she tilted her head
curiously. "Did I say something wrong?"

He sighed. There wasn't a point to snapping at her. She didn't know any
better, but he really didn't want to talk to her any more. Not if she
was going to keep on this particular subject.

"No, Luna, but I don't want to talk about it. I'm trying to fix the
things I can, but I don't see the point in talking about the things I
can't. Especially when those things haven't even happened yet. We don't
even know that they *will* happen."

There was a silence, this time mutually awkward and tense. Harry's eyes
remained fixated on his hands, but he could feel her gaze on him.
Nothing was said for a long time, and then she spoke again.

"Do you..." she started hesitantly, "Do you think you could fix this? Do
you think you could stop them from killing each other?"

He turned to her, and to his surprise he found she was crying. Large
tears poured soundlessly down her cheeks, her silvery gray eyes
sparkling like shiny new silver Sickles. She didn't try to wipe them
away or hide them or announce them with noisy sobs or sniffles like he
had seen other girls do. In fact, she didn't seem aware of them at all.
Her expression was exactly the same as it always was, a strange mix of
curiosity and dreaminess, always making you wonder where her thoughts
lay. She just looked... wetter.

He set down his pestle and mortar, and crawled the short distance
towards her. She didn't pull away or hesitate when he pulled her towards
him, and hugged her tightly. She merely rested her head on his shoulder
and let him hold her, and thought how very much like Father he was in
that aspect. Harry just held her for a long time, ignoring the wetness
on his shoulder and numbness that was spreading through his legs.

"I'm going to try Luna. I'm going to try so hard to save them both.
You've got to try too, okay?If we both try, maybe we can do it, and even
if we can't, we will have tried, right? Will you help me?"

"... okay..."

"Maybe I can convince Voldemort to ask the moon goddess for advice... Or
maybe you can convince Greyback to send Sirius away for awhile. I bet it
wouldn't be hard to have him assigned as my personal guard again this
year. We're suppose to be having an international event at school and
could use the extra security, I'm sure. Don't worry, we'll figure out
something."

She nodded against his shoulder, but didn't say anything, moving just a
bit closer so they fit more comfortably. Harry mused it was much
different than hugging Hermione. Hugging his friend always felt awkward,
and he was never sure where to put his hands or how tightly he should
squeeze her back or for how long. The science of hugging a witch was a
mystery to him.

Hugging a werewolf, even a female one, held about as much decorum and
intimacy as a pat on the back. Everyone did it. Men, women, children,
friends, lovers, relative strangers. No one was going to question it,
make lewd accusations, or scold them for doing it public. They didn't
question it, and neither did Harry.

When Luna finally pulled away, it wasn't because of embarrassment, but
because something had caught her attention. She turned towards the
center of the commune where the majority of the werewolves were gathered
for the festivities. Harry followed suit and realized something was
going on. The people were excited, but not the sort of excited that
preceded a hunt or one of their savage sporting matches. This was an
anxious excitement, strung through with voices of disbelief and outrage.

Harry had a very bad feeling.

"What's going on?"

"I don't know," she said, tilting her head curiously.

It didn't take long to find out. From the crowd ran a boy of no more
than seven that Harry recognized as one of Greyback's sons. He looked
proud and triumphant, but when he saw the person his sister was with
that expression quickly disappeared.

"Luna..." he started, then stopped again, looking nervously at Harry.

"What is it, Specter?" she prompted.

"It's Father," he said, cautiously glancing back at Harry. "He's killed
Blackbone."

---

It wasn't hard to find the battle grounds. A steady stream of spectators
moving towards them, deeper and deeper into the forest. Harry didn't pay
much attention to who he was following, making his choices based on who
was moving the fastest at the time and then selecting another after he
had passed them. The forest was crowded and he bumped into several
werewolves much older and stronger than him, but though a few turned to
snarl at him, none were fast enough or brave enough to retaliate as he
rushed pass them.

Heart beating like a humming bird, and feet near as quick, he raced his
fear into the forest and felt its clammy breath whispering into his ear
'he's dead, he's dead' as he went. At last the migration of people ended
at a small clearing, where a thick wall of bodies marked its boundaries.
He was forced to slow down, and when he did his fear slammed into him
with all the speed he had been using to avoid it. 'He's dead', a mere
statement, became a fully illustrated vision in his mind's eye, with a
body and blood and these hundreds of gawking faces.

But there were still noises coming from the clearing and the crowd here
was deathly quiet as they had been when Greyback and Sirius had faced
each other earlier that day. Merlin, had it really just been a few hours
ago?

Fearfully, he touched the arm of the person nearest him to obtain some
answers. It was a older man, stone faced and cold as he turned to him.
There was a flash of recognition, perhaps even a second of pity, but it
became just as quickly unreadable.

"You shouldn't be here for this," the man said. Despair threatened to
drown the fear, but he swallowed it down so that he could speak.

"Is my godfather dead?"

The man studied him for a moment, but Harry was too impatient for him to
sort his thoughts.

"Tell me!"

A grunt and a sigh, and finally an answer. "May as well be... he's down
and out. Jackal is trying to finish him off but Slivermoon keeps- Hey!"

Harry didn't wait for him to finish, diving into the wall of people, and
shoving his way through forcefully. It was hard, most of the people
there were stronger than him and not a few of them landed him a hardy
smack or elbow before they realized who he was, but he kept shoving and
clawing and squeezing his way through until he finally broke out the
other side.

It was how he had imagined it. There was blood everywhere, and Sirius
lay unmoving, curled around the worst of his wounds. Everyone stood
tensely, but for Greyback, looking more resigned than anything as he
stared down at the man he had seemingly killed.

He made to rush to his godfather's side, but someone quickly drew him
back and just in time too, because two large bodies landed where he had
been running. There were snarls and vicious kicks and punches and
biting, and in general what he imagined Sirius and Greyback's fight must
have looked like.

But it wasn't those two alphas going at it, it was...

"Remus..." he breath. It was Remus, but not a side of Remus he had never
seen before. The beta who followed quietly, who reasoned before he
acted, and shied from his werewolf nature was beating the bloody shit
out of an alpha. Harry watched disbelieving as the man grabbed hold of
Jackal's head and smashed it into the ground, once, twice, three times.
It would have killed a normal man, but the skinny alpha had enough moxie
left in him to make a clawing swipe at his attacker, knocking the other
man off him in a spray of blood. Jackal scrambled to his feet and made
for Sirius' prone body, but Remus caught him by the ankle and dragged
him back.

Not wanting to watch anymore, Harry waited till the two fighters were
out of the way before sprinting towards Sirius. He came to a stop and
knelt, looking for some place he could touch to feel for a pulse what
wasn't sliced opened. In his search for undamaged flesh and with the
noise of the fight distracting him, he nearly missed the Sirius opening
one of his eyes, and would have if the rest of him weren't so very
still.

"Sirius..." he whispered. "You damn fool..."

"Sor... nn.. sor...nnn..."

"Shhh... don't speak. Don't try to move. I'll fix this. Just stay
still."

And even as he said it, he realized he couldn't fix any of it. He wasn't
a healer, and even if he were he didn't even have his wand on him. Tears
were falling fast and heavy now, and he couldn't see and couldn't think,
only panic and mourn and pray for an answer.

And an answer came.

It came with the tears and the memory of a past prayer, and the
awareness that tears were more than salt and water for those who worship
the Earth. He stopped panicking and the tears were coming faster and
heavier than ever, but that was what he needed.

"Where are you hurt the worst?" he asked, leaning in very close to him,
letting his tears fall onto the man's face and flow into his open mouth.
Sirius didn't answer at first or even move, but his tongue peeked out
for just a second to lap up wetness at corner of his mouth. After a
long, painful swallow, he spoke weakly.

"Sto... mach..."

Harry went to examine it, and nearly vomited. Even without removing
Sirius' hand from the wound, he could see *inside* of it, all the way to
the visceral organs nearly falling out. Another wave of panic and the
thought it was too much for him to fix made him hesitate. His eyes found
Sirius', to convey that there was nothing he could do, but those gray
eyes were now wet with tears and he thought of Luna's tears and the
promise he had made. He might not be able to do anything, but he had to
try.

"I have to roll you over. I'm sorry, it's going to hurt."

---

Sirius' body didn't want to uncurl, but as close to death as he was,
Harry's strength was enough to get him on his back and after that
everything just sort of fell flat. It hurt. It hurt incredibly, and he
didn't want to do it. There wasn't anything more for him to do at this
point, but close his eyes. He was dying and he knew it, and more than
anything he didn't want Remus or Harry to be there to see it.

But Remus was fighting and now Harry was fighting too, and they were
both so brave he felt for all the world like a coward because he didn't
think he could keep himself alive for them. His battle had gone along
like it normally did with Greyback, blows landed by each of them,
seemingly equal, until the Head Alpha had pulled out his knife. It
wasn't something the elder man had ever bothered with before. Sirius
knew from that point on there was no turning back, and had pulled out
his own knife as well.

And lost. Again, his own damn fault, like everything else that day. He'd
hesitated too much, mind distracting him with thoughts of Harry and
everything he had said, the pleas he had made. What did that hesitation
get him? His godson's hands in his guts and his tears in his mouth, and
by the Goddess, Remus was going to kill someone and all to a save a life
that couldn't be.

On his back, he couldn't see Harry. His head was tilted too much, and
irony of ironies, his gaze landed directly on Greyback. What a strange
look on his face. He didn't think he'd seen the likes of it before. The
blood thirst, the arrogance, the possessiveness he had always associated
with the man was absent. The triumph he was expecting wasn't there
either. Funny how he'd never noticed the man's eyes were blue or-

"AAAAHHHHhhhhhh..." A slash of pain, so alike to the one Greyback had
inflicted overcame him. He thrashed, finding strength in the throes of
pains. Harry little body was knocked away, but returned a moment later,
weighing down his legs, and bringing back the pain with his fingers
burning his insides like acid.

"REMUS! HELP ME!"

His beta climbed on top of him as well, holding down his shoulders with
his legs and his arms with his hands All Sirius could do was scream, the
pain increasing exponentially, trying to knock them off. His love for
them turning to hate in the midst of his suffering, and he gladly would
have dragged them into death with him if he only had the strength.

And finally, blessedly, he passed out.

---

"Merlin, Harry, what are you doing?"

He wished he had an answer to that, but right now he was working on
instinct and instinct required a lack of rationality to work.

"Trust me. This is the only way."

And it was working. Unbelievably, it was working. Like a potion,
everywhere his tears fell the wounds sizzled and then healed, clean and
unscarred. It was too slow, though. Too much blood was lost already, and
the tears repaired so little at a time. His own magic was burning away
too quickly. It poured out with his tears, a strange form of wandless
magic and likewise completely inefficient.

His only hope was the he could heal Sirius *enough* that the pack
healers could take care of the rest. So far, none of them had dared
approach to offer their assistance. The reason for their reluctance
finally stepped forward, moving towards them with slow but obvious
intent. Remus stiffened, and slowly looked over his shoulder at the
approaching alpha. Greyback paused briefly to stare down at Jackal,
unconscious and breathing raggedly on the ground, before stepping over
him.

"Harry," Remus said, trying to draw the boy's attention to the latest
threat.

"I see him," he said, clinging to his calm desperately when all his mind
wanted to do was fly to pieces. "You can step away."

"Harry..."

"It's alright, Remus. You better step away now. I don't think I can
patch up the both of you at the same time."

"..."

"Trust me. Please."

Reluctantly, the beta crawled off his alpha and slunk a short distance
away, although close enough jump in if the Head Alpha attempted
anything. When Greyback finally came to a stop a mere foot fall from
crushing Sirius' head, Harry turned away from the wound to look up at
him. He couldn't imagine that he looked at all intimidating or
impressive crouched on the ground with tears streaming down his face,
but the man stopped anyway. They regarded each other quietly for a long
moment.

"It would be kinder to let him die at this point. You're only prolonging
his suffering."

"He's not going to die," Harry insisted.

"I can't let him live. I've already explained to you why. Move aside. I
promise to make it quick."

"No."

"Boy, you're asking for a world of hurt. Even if you managed to close
the wound, he's too messed up to survive the full moon."

"I'll find a way."

"These isn't a way.

"At least let him try," a lite, feminine voice said. They both turned to
see Luna, and behind her stood the Dark Lord, surveying the damage. His
eyes settled on Harry crouching protectively over his godfather.

"I leave you alone for half an hour..." A heavy sigh, and he turned to
Greyback. "You acted sooner than I had thought."

"I'm not one to beat around the bush," he said, smirking at his
disgruntled look. "You gonna interfere now? You have more reasons to let
me kill him than anyone."

"Which is why you should listen to me when I offer an alternative."

---

Alone in Voldemort's tent, the Dark Lord and Head Alpha relaxed a little
in the absence of the packs and their own young charges. Luna, ever one
to surprise, had been the one to find the Dark Lord and request his
assistance, and had since followed the wizard child to look after
Blackbone while the pack healers tended to them. Greyback wasn't sure
how he should take her odd behavior. He didn't doubt she loved him as
her father, but recent actions seemed to suggest that her affections
might have taken on a new dimension with someone else entirely. He
wasn't entirely sure what he should think of her choice of 'someone'
either.

Certainly, Potter was a remarkable boy, admirable in many ways, but by
the Goddess what kind of relationship could his little girl have with a
wizard? A willful, pain in the ass, wizard no less?

"So what are you proposing? The boy already failed to convince the fool
of the proper state of things. I didn't do this all on a whim."

The Dark Lord smiled and shook his head. "I'm not going to reprimand
you, Greyback. Your actions were perfectly reasonable. In fact, I was
going to propose you do almost the exact same thing you did. Just...
*after* the full moon."

Sensing a plot, which was always did wonders to amuse him, Greyback took
the bait.

"And how exactly would that improve anything? How does maiming Blackbone
at all improve anything other than my mood?"

"It's simple really. You have heard of an Unbreakable Vow, correct? I
believe werewolves have a form of it themselves."

Greyback started. Oh wow. That was so supremely simple of a solution. An
Unbreakable Vow between Blackbone and Voldemort would prevent Blackbone
from ever defying the Dark Lord and leading the packs into trouble.
True, it also left the packs vulnerable to Voldemort's whims, but there
were ways around that.

"What difference does the full moon make? Can't you use your magic or
nasty potions to heal him before the full moon?"

Voldemort snorted. "As you should be well aware, wounds inflicted by
werewolves are 'cursed'[^65-4]. They are much more difficult to heal than
normal injuries. Even my best medi-wizards and witches wouldn't be able
to heal him in time for the transformation not to kill him."

"Why not? Your apprentice did some of it. I saw him closing the wound
all by himself, and I don't think he had half an idea of what he was
doing. You telling me, a true shaman, a full Druid priest[^65-5], couldn't do
it?"

The Dark Lord scowled.

"That's exactly what I'm saying. My apprentice did something I could not
possible do. It is a form of the 'Old Magics', a form that I cannot
reproduce. It is based in love, a love strong enough to bend the laws of
physics and the laws of magic. Blackbone is quite lucky that Harry seems
to possess not only enough love to perform this magic, but the blessing
of the Goddess to harness that magic to achieve a specific purpose. If
Harry hadn't the intuition to use that magic, he might just as easily
have killed them both. Or perhaps just you. That sort of magic tends to
get vengeful when interrupted."[^65-6]

"Can the boy fix him?" he asked, not bothered by his potential
near-death. The Dark Lord smirked.

"I think he might, but not with his own magic. He's lost too much of it
already just stabilizing Blackbone. There may be another way, however.
It's tricky, but I think the benefits will be worth it for the both of
us."

This all sounded very intriguing, although considerably more complicated
than the Dark Lord's original plan. It might be worth all the fuss just
to see what happened.

"Alright, I'll go along with it. What will you need on my end?"

The Dark Lord grinned.

---

Snape was just settling in to a nice, quiet vacation from having a
nagging fishwife of a teenager underfoot, when a letter arrived and
ruined it. He had finished catching up on his unread issues of Potion's
Weekly(he was so far behind he'd completely forgotten that he'd actually
written some of the articles), opened a bottle of fine whiskey (a
birthday gift from Lucius), and was half way through his fourth year
lesson plans (which were much funner with a slight buzz) when he
received a rather unpleasant visit from a raven.

It all started with a loud tapping at his kitchen window, which he
studiously ignored for ten straight minutes. When ignoring it didn't
work, he sighed and went to find out what it was. The annoying creature
sat perched on his windowsill with a tiny scroll attached to its leg,
and when it spotted Snape, it made another round of impatient taps on
the glass. And, of course, chipped it.

Scowling, he opened the window to let it inside. It flew straight at
him, and he barely had time to duck. Unlike owls, ravens made poor
deliverymen, and this particular raven was a nasty piece of work. It
refused to hold still long enough to be relieved of its letter, and when
he finally managed to get a hold of it, the little savage drew blood
with its sharp beak.

Snape promptly let go of it, drew his wand, and exploded the little
beast... then regretted it when he realized Potter wasn't there to pick
up the feathers and guts splattered across his formerly clean kitchen.

Well, bother.

He fished the little scroll out of a gooey mass by the stove, checked it
for curses, and opened it. It was from the Dark Lord, who was requesting
some vials of Blood-replenishing potion, some pain potions, a
particularly potent batch of Wolfsbane potion, and some 'Indestructible
Parchment'.

What the bloody hell had Potter gotten himself into now?

---

[^65-2]: For those who don't know what owl pellets are, they are essentially owl
fur balls. Any bones, fur, feathers, or whatever that an owl can't
digest, they upchuck. Science classes often use these 'pellets' to be
dissected in class and the skeletons inside reassembled to identify what
was eaten. We are a strange, strange society.

[^65-3]: Camphor and opoponex are real ingredients used in some incense and are
types of tree resin, though not native to Britain. I just love their
names.

[^65-4]: I'm not just bullshitting here. Rowling really does state that wounds
inflicted by werewolves are cursed and don't heal properly, even with
magic. (Book 6, ch.27)

[^65-5]: Shaman and Druid Priest are titles, not indicators of Voldemort's
religion. He qualifies to be both, but isn't sole one or the other. Just
like a doctor can also be a pilot and an investor at the same time. He's
a pagan without a denomination, plucking out ideas and rituals that he
likes and using them to suit his needs and philosophies.

[^65-6]: If this situation is starting to sound familiar, well it should. Harry's
essentially replicated the same sort of magic that would have saved
Harry's life at the expense of Lily's, if the Potters had stayed in
Britain. This 'Old Magic' is pagan magic at its purest and most powerful
form, and Harry is better able to use it than his mother would have
because of the bonds he has formed with the Earth. Voldemort can also
use Old Magics better than most people, but 'Love Magic' [insert
snickers here] escapes him because of course, he doesn't love at all.
