# The Knighted I

As far as Natalie was concerned the weekend had been a marvelous
success. She'd terrorized half the foreign population of Hogwarts,
insured there would be no foolish mischief making in the interim, and
still fulfilled her obligations and all without Harry's silly little
list of suggestions, which probably hadn't been written by Harry to
begin with. It smacked of *Encyclopedia Hermionia*.

Snape hadn't been as pleased, but it was hard to please Snape anyways so
she didn't feel particularly contrite.

She was still stuck with the Beauxbaton's students for lunch though,
which was enough to make her a tad annoyed. Not like it mattered much,
since Draco had run off with the Gryffindorks and the Great Red Prat for
lunch out by the lake, and it wasn't any fun sitting at the Slytherin
table if she couldn't make Pansy Parkinson jealous at the same time, but
she still would have liked options.

"Ze English food is zo bland. Does no one believe in zpices 'ere?"
Delacour complained. Natalie wanted to ask if she wanted some cheese
with her whine, but thought that might be too clever for the other girl
to understand. She was starting to doubt the promotion of peace with
France. The more time she spent with them, the more she thought they
really needed to get conquered before their brains turned into goo.

"Oh, yes, we used to use a lot of spices, but it took too much effort to
sort out which spices had been replaced with poisons and we had to stop.
I heard one year it was so bad the school lost half the house elves that
worked in the kitchen," she said tiredly.

Delacour glared at her, and pointedly took a large bite of her fish. Not
so stupid, after all, it seemed. Smart enough to know Natalie was
teasing, at least.

"Do you not 'ave friends of your own, Natalie, or were they all killed
in the last orc invasion?"

Much better. "No, no, they are around. They're enjoying the weather
while they can. Showing off their summer tattoos and such."

Delacour didn't seem to know whether she was having them on with that,
which Natalie only partially was. She'd heard of Harry's tattoo from
Draco, right before she'd told him to shut up, which he had done, but
not before she found herself dying of curiosity about what it looked
like. If she leaked the info to the press, would they manage to get a
picture?

"Your British wit is so charming," her French nemesis said offhandedly,
grimacing at her left over meal, "I suppose what comes out of your mouth
is a result of what you've been shoving into it."

"If so, you'll be quite witty come May. You might actually have
something interesting to say by then," she said dismissively, taking a
sip from her cup.

"Et tu peux le tatouer sur ton cul cet été."[^70-1]

Natalie choked on her tea.

---

Harry was the last to arrive at Double Celtic Magic and Culture, but he
didn't see anyway it could be helped. First, he'd had to go back to his
room, empty out all of his morning classes' textbooks, and replace them
with his Celtic ones, which filled his bag so much he barely had room
for his parchment or quills. Secondly, he had gotten lost. '*In the
willow grove'* was printed were his class should have been. It wasn't
quite specific enough for him.

He *did* managed to find it though, if only because he'd spotted someone
who actually seemed to know where they were going.

The willow grove was exactly that, and nothing more, nestled between the
edge of the Forbidden Forest and a small brook that ran into the lake.
There were only ten students, aging from fourth to seventh, sitting on
blankets in the spaces between the trees around a man only slightly
elevated on a low stool. They had all removed their school robes and
their shoes, and looked more like children at story time than serious
students. The teacher was a patient looking man with white hair and had
just a few strands of red in his beard, and welcomed him with a gesture
of his hand. Out of everyone, Harry only recognized two of the students
as fourth years, one a Slytherin and the other a Hufflepuff.

"Tagaimid," the teacher said, and gave Harry a terrible start. His hand
went instinctively to the mark on his chest, but there was not so much
as a tingle of magic from it. The teacher gave him a curious look. "It
means 'welcome in'. Have a seat. Make yourself comfortable."

"I am Professor Brennan," he said, his voice just barely hinting at an
Irish accent, "But you can just call me, Teacher."

There were no syllabuses, note taking, essay assignments, or really much
of anything resembling a class with the exception that they were all
learning. The older students did have assignments over the summer, but
they weren't written down, and entailed translating a fable in Gaelic
into English and then explaining what it was about right there. There
were a lot of Fae involved, which Harry wasn't entirely sure involved
witches and wizards or sort of fairy race he couldn't identify or both.
Brennan listened through the entire story and explanation, and corrected
nothing until the end. He never suggested their interpretations were
wrong, only asked other students what else they might have thought it
meant, and made references to things they might not have known while
making their interpretations and asked how it might have changed their
ideas.

Harry didn't understand half of it, but enjoyed listening anyway. Every
so often someone said something that just sent a shiver down his spine,
like the teacher's greeting had. Amongst the willows, two hours passed
quickly, punctuated every so often by laughing when someone's story
turned silly or was mistranslated into nonsense. By the end of it,
though it was hot and his friends were waiting for him at the castle, he
didn't want to leave.

"Very good," the teacher said at last, "You have given even *me*
something to think about. Friday there should be rain, so leave your
books and wear boots if you have them. The ground should be nice and
soft for a little bone hunting. Review chapter twelve in volume one of
Celtic Magic and chapter 3 in Art and History."

Harry and the two other fourth years were confused by that, but the
other students seemed to know what was going on and either grinned or
groaned

"My youngest pupils, if you wouldn't stay for a moment, I have something
special for you."

Harry and the others remained behind as the older students gathered up
their things and left, watching as the man pulled out a small bag from
under his stool.

"I want you to put your hand in the bag and feel around. When you find
something that *feels* right, take it out. This isn't a test and you're
not on the clock. Take as long as you need. Mr. Potter, you will go
last."

Harry was shocked, and strangely hurt. Had he done something wrong?

The Slytherin girl stuck her hand inside, and a few seconds later pulled
out a dark purple crystal. The Hufflepuff boy took only a little longer
and pulled out a large feather, reddish brown with black markings on it.
Both looked very surprised. Brennan held out the bag to him, his
congenially expression not changing a bit. Harry wasn't certain what was
going on.

His hand found its way into the bag anyway, and there found neither
stones or feathers but what seemed like marbles, glassy and smooth. He
gave the teacher a questioning look.

"Keep going," the man encouraged. "Feel around, touch them individually
until you find the one you like."

Uncertainly, he did as instructing, feeling each little marble. He
wasn't sure what he meant by 'one you like', because they all felt
exactly the same to him. The longer he kept searching the more convinced
he was that he was being teased. His patience running out, he shoved his
hand into the very bottom of the bag... and stopped. There was something
odd about the bottom. It was cooler. No, not just cooler, it was *cold*!
His fingers wiggled around, searching out the source of the chill, until
at last they found a marble that felt as if it hand been made of ice. He
pulled it out.

In his hand was not a marble or even a piece of ice. It was a stone the
size of a Snitch, dark gray with two thin lines running in a perfectly
straight parallel. It was a river rock.

"Ah, I wouldn't have guessed water for you, young man. You struck me as
more of an air person. That's the way it goes sometimes," Brennan
laughed gently, then turned to the rest of them. "You young lady," he
said, pointing to the Slytherin girl. "Have a crystal formed inside of a
geode. Do you know what a geode is? It's a hollow volcanic rock in which
crystals form under extreme heat. Your affinity to it suggest your
spiritual element is fire."

He turned to the Hufflepuff boy. "You hold the broad feather of an
Himalayan eagle, which spends more of its life riding the wind than
settling on the ground. They'll even sleep while flying. Your spiritual
element is air."

And finally he landed on Harry.

"This stone was pulled from a sacred spring in Ireland, flowing in one
shape or another from the sea at the northern most point of the country
to the sea at the southern end. This stone was pushed over hundreds of
miles, over thousands of years from one end of the country to the other
by the gentle, persistent force of that spring. It's been worn smooth
and almost perfectly round during that time by that very same force. It
is extremely powerful."

The other two looked skeptical. To them it only looked like a regular
rock. They'd seen prettier ones in their gardens, but Harry could *feel*
it, as cold in his hand as the spring water must have been for thousands
of years. Harry could just imagine what this simple rock must have gone
through. How many creatures had drunks from its waters? How many eras
had come and gone? Floods? Wars? Summers and winters?

"These items are keystones. They have an affinity to your magic which
allows them to be excellent storage devices. You can pour your extra
magic into them and they'll hold it for you until you want it, say, for
a very powerful spell, or in case you're in a situation were you mush
caste spells repeatedly without rest."

"So we can keep them?" the Slytherin girl asked, as if getting something
for nothing was always a trick.

"Yes, they belong to you. They'd be useless to me, and almost everyone
else. Even other people whose element is fire, probably won't be able to
use your particular keystone as well as you can. There are different
types of fires, after all, just as there are different types of water
and air and most particularly earth. These ones are simply the ones that
suit you all best from what I have. You might find keystones of your own
that work even better one day."

"Do you have a keystone, Pro-, I mean, Teacher?"

The man smiled and reached into his pocket, pulling out what looked to
be a stone but... not.

"What is it?" the girl asked.

"It's petrified wood, my Pupil. Wood so old, it's become fossilized into
stone. This too is a powerful keystone."

"Can we touch it?" the girl asked.

"You may."

They each reached out to touch it. Harry only brushed it lightly with
his finger tips. He could feel the magic inside, pulsating against his
fingertips like a heart. It seemed disrespectful to fondly it too much,
but the others didn't seem to notice. The man put it back into his
pocket.

"Now, as much as I enjoy your company, I recommend returning to the
castle and start reading the introductions in all seven of your text
books, as well as chapter 1 in Celtic Magic Volume 1 on keystones. There
won't be any written tests, but I guarantee I'll know who has been
keeping up on their homework and who hasn't. I'll see you all on
Friday."

There was some grumbling, although not too much since they didn't
actually have write essays for once. They gathered up their things and
made their way back to the castle. Harry lingered behind the others.
Still having one more question for his teacher before he left.

"Why did you tell me to wait last?"

Brennan's expression remained as gentle as ever. "Walk with me."

Instead of heading back towards the castle, they moved further into the
grove until they were walking along the spring and towards the lake.

"You are different from my other pupils, at least from those two.
Understand, I don't mean that in a bad way, but you will be treated
differently and held to different expectations."

"Why? How am I different?"\
"Because you are a pagan, and they are not."

"How did you-"

"I could tell the moment I saw you, but I knew before then. Professor
Snape had a talk with me before the school year started..." Harry
wondered exactly what they had talked about, how insulting Snape had
managed to be, and if he should be angry or not. "... And I'm rather
glad he did. I would have completely underestimated you otherwise."

"I don't understand. What difference does it make if I'm pagan or not?
I'm not really a Druid, and I don't know anymore about it than anyone
else."

"That's not true," Brennan said, staring pointedly at him. "You have
achieved what Druids spend most of their lives hoping to achieve. You've
tapped into the very essence of the Earth, drawn on Her power, and
become a tool for Her will. You have reached the very core of a Druid's
way of life. She has blessed you for this."

"I didn't intend for this to happen," he insisted, "I didn't want
anything from Her, but it just sort of... the Dark Lord just sort of...
I don't know how I got here."

Brennan remained quiet for a while, as they reached the lake and there
stopped. They stared out over the lake together, taking in the mountains
and the water and the sky that seemed as if it could go on forever.

"I don't know how you got here either, and I don't know why," the man
said at last, "But perhaps in your journey for knowledge you will find
the answers you seek. All beings are created with a purpose, both in
their life and their death, and I believe your purpose is larger than
most. As your Teacher, I will help you if I can."

"Thank you."

"It seems we've gotten off topic, however. To answer your first
question, I made you wait last so that you wouldn't inadvertently
influence the other pupils choices in keystones. Being blessed by the
Earth, your magic is more easily absorbed by different types of
keystones, even those not of your element. If you had gone first, you
would have... I suppose 'corrupted' is the best word I can think of...
corrupted the other keystones and they may have selected different ones
than they should have."

"Then the other keystones-"

"Do not worry, I can cleanse them of your magic easily enough."

Harry sighed. Now what? He had a million and one questions and wasn't
sure where to start, or even if he should. They could talk here all day
and night, and he still wouldn't have half the answers he was looking
for. Professor Brennan patted him on the shoulder sympathetically.

"Don't let it bother you. Go enjoy the rest of your day. Talk to your
friends. Start your homework assignments. The dynamics of life are best
sorted out by living it, not talking about it."

Accepting that was difficult, but he did need some time to sort himself
out and he could try that back at the castle. Standing by the lake gave
him the impression of standing at the edge of the world, and he needed
somewhere less overwhelming to think.

---

When Viktor had thought of his first real meeting with Hermione, he had
to admit, he had pictured something a little more romantic. Down by the
lake, alone in one of the towers, or perhaps in one of the myriad of
mysterious rooms that flourished within Hogwart's walls. Honestly, he'd
have been happy to have been anywhere with a window*.*He could even have
lived without the window if it meant going without supervision, as well.

"So, what do you think of Hogwarts so far? Do you miss your own school?"
Hermione asked, sitting across from him. Between them, a
Quik-quotes-quill danced across a sheet of parchment. At the other end
of the classroom, Professor Snape graded papers, smirking evilly. Every
so often, he'd look up from his paper to check on them, and some how
manage to look even *less* pleasant.

Viktor cleared his throat.

"Dis is a very interested school, and everyvone has been very kind. I
vill miss my friends and teachers at Durmstang, but I am glad I got to
come. I like seeing different places," he said carefully, feeling
stupider with every word. He's sounded like such a dork!

"Have you traveled to many places?" she asked, looking genuinely
interested.

"Yes. I have gone all over Europe. I travel a lot playing for da
Bulgarian Quidditch team, but I don't get to stay anyvere very long and
my manager doesn't let me explore much. It is dangerous being alone in a
rival's city. Players get hurt if dey are not careful."

Hermione had her back to the professor, but Viktor had a perfect view of
the meaningful look Professor Snape gave him.

"You sound like you are familiar with competition and danger," she
continued, oblivious. "Do you think these experiences will give you some
advantage in being chosen as Durmstang's champion?"

"Ah... yes, maybe. Dere is no vay to know for sure dat I'll get picked."

"What will you do if you get picked?"

"Celebrate."

"And if you don't get picked?"

"Celebrate. Ve have all planned a party for da night of the drawing.
Ve'll all have fun, who ever vins."

She laughed softly at that, and he felt inordinately pleased with
himself. And then she got up, and he realized it was over already.
They'd only talked for fifteen minutes, probably less!

"I think this will be enough for now," she said. "At least, until after
the drawing. If you're chosen, would you mind letting me interview you
again?"

He blinked stupidly for a moment, and then nodded. He was even more
surprised when she took his hand shook it.

"Thanks for the interview, Viktor. I really appreciate it. It's a really
great thing you're doing, coming all the way to Britain to expand your
education. I hope I get the chance to do the same thing one day."

She left him baffled and more than a little flabbergasted. Damn, she was
fast! He hadn't had a single opportunity to ask *her* a question, like
if she had a boyfriend or if she'd like to go out with him. He hadn't
even gotten to flirt! Not with the great bat lingering in the corner.
Why had they had their interview here to begin with? As if to read his
mind (perfectly plausible, Dumbledore had warned him that Snape was a
legilimens), the man spoke up.

"If you're entertaining any ideas about my goddaughter, I suggest you
stop right now. Remember, in my class, I don't need to *ask* for
volunteers to test potions."

Well, that's just *fabulous*.

---

September passed at a snails pace for Harry, though his days were
packed. He was used to his days being busy, but this year things were
not only busy, but... different. Unpredictable. His classes had more
homework on harder topics (which happened every year), except for his
Celtic class, which really felt like more of a club than a class and was
taking up more and more of his free time. Celtic class only met twice a
week officially, but most of them ended up back at the grove about twice
a week outside of class, as well. At least those of them who were Druids
(and just pagan in Harry's case) which was all of them except for the
fourth year Hufflepuff, Corey Watts (the fourth year Slyterin had quit
after two weeks, complaining of boredom, but everyone else thought she
had just gotten overwhelmed) and a sixth year Ravenclaw girl who was
curious, but still resolutely Christian. Depending on the weather, the
time of day, and their Teacher's willingness to help, the Druid students
would gather around to perform the religious aspects of their faith.
Shrine building, sacrifices of small animals and food, and sometimes
just planting trees. Nothing as extreme as Harry had experiences, and
luckily nothing that involved getting naked or being out after dark
(which was good since he'd never told anyone about the werewolf ritual
or any of the rituals he'd performed with Voldemort, and he thought it
might be difficult to explain his few magical eccentricities).

His friends were curious about what he was doing, but he didn't feel
comfortable talking about it with them. Once he'd seen Draco and Ron
trying to follow him to the grove, but they soon lost tract of him. He
watched from the trees as they searched the grounds, but the place
seemed to be shielded from them. It would explain why Harry had never
even *heard* of the willow grove, let alone found it, before. In fact,
most of Hogwarts didn't seem aware of the Druids at all, and Harry
wondered if there wasn't some sort of enchantment going on. He had to
admit, it did make life easier without people knowing their
'uncivilized' customs.

More than just the practicing of rites, Harry found himself talking with
Teacher Brennan. He was the only person aside from Voldemort, who seemed
to know what it truly meant to be a pagan and it helped ease his mind
just to talk with someone who could give sound advice and was actually
sane and morally conscientious. Besides, the man had this entire
Grandfather-you-wish-you'd- had kind of thing going for him.

He still spent part of his Saturdays with the Durmstang students, making
sure they were all taken care of, but like he had suspected they didn't
come to him very often after the first week. Except for Krum and
Jophery, whom Harry liked but didn't really trust since Oblitz was still
trying to test his abilities during class. They were testing him too, he
thought, but not for his magical potential.

"What do you want to do when you leave school?" was the first, seemingly
innocent question during a Saturday breakfast. Harry had said he didn't
know. Go to college again probably. Maybe art school.

"Do you miss your relatives? Even though they are muggles?"

"No," Harry had said bluntly, and then shut down the conversation by
escaping to the loo. Meaningful conversations among toilets was a taboo
their culture luckily shared. Thinking back, he probably should have
elaborated. Krum had probably really been asking whether he hated
muggles or not.

Jophery hadn't been as subtle. "So... Ever kill anyone?"

Harry asked if he was volunteering for the novel experience, which made
the other boy grin. He didn't ask again, though.

Their morality testing turned out to be harder to avoid than Oblitz's,
magical ones, but he was adaptable. Mentioning Hermione tended to
distract Krum effectively, and turning a question into a joke worked
best against Jophery.

Krum liked to get his friends together and play quidditch on the
weekends, and play against whoever was brave enough to join them. Harry
occasionally did, but he wasn't *quite* up to speed with Krum (or really
the guy was just a bully on broom and Harry didn't fancy getting knocked
off. He assumed this was typical professional competitiveness, or at
least hoped it wasn't personal, cause*yikes*)Jophery insisted he was
more than qualified to play professionally. He didn't feel too flattered
though, since you could never be certain when the older boy was serious
or not.

There were six new rookies in Dueling Club, and since Harry's former
rookies still tended to turn to him rather than Ron, he was more than a
little busy getting them up to par *and* getting enough practice himself
to actually qualify him to do so. Snape had to complicate the matter of
course, and introduce the basics of sword fighting... which was a lot
harder than Harry had thought it would be. He'd handled a sword before,
but his opponents hadn't had swords themselves and that made a big
difference. Ron had found a new way in which he hoped to wail on him.
Draco could soundly wail on everyone, having had private lessons since
he was nine.

He wasn't the only one with unusual activities this year either.
Hermione was dating Krum. She insisted she was just tutoring him in his
English or getting an interview or some other feeble excuse, but no one
believed her for a second. Draco had turned into the quidditch captain
from hell, and despite there being no matches, had rounded up all of his
teammates and insisted that they practice over the lake (the pitch had
been taken over by giant flying horses and even Draco wasn't going to
push his luck), which was amusing because as fiercely as Draco had
everyone playing, it wasn't uncommon for a player to fall off their
broom and into the water. Despite this, the young Malfoy refused to play
or let any of his players play against Krum during the weekend matches,
insisting it was 'aiding the enemy'. Ginny had made friends with the
youngest of the Beauxbaton's girls, and was often cloistered away with
her, drawing fashion designs and making plans to visit strange and
exotic places. Clyde had become even more popular, and was chasing down
girls by the handful despite how Hermione and Ginny glared at him all
the time. Even Hagrid was making new 'friends', with perhaps the only
other person in the world he actually had to look *up* at. Madam Maxim
made quite a sight herself, giggling like a school girl when she thought
no one was watching.

"I swear, if you manage to actually perform a Patronus," Hermione
groused, "It's going to come out as a naked girl and you'll be expelled
for lewdness."

"Ha!" Clyde smirked, "You're just mad because it you didn't make a
Patronus first. Spoil sport."

Harry, Hermione, Clyde, Draco, and unfortunately Ron, were gathered in
an empty classroom, practicing their Patronus charms. No one had gotten
the charm, except...

"Harry, stop showing off!" Draco snapped, glaring at the Gryffindor as
he directed his Patronus around the room with frightening ease. "It's
distracting!"

Harry's Patronus stopped its prancing and turned its antlered head
towards its Master as if waiting for permission. He made a gesture with
his wand and the stag vanished. The spell had come quickly and easily to
Harry, like many of the oldest spells they taught at Hogwarts, and he
wasn't the least bit surprised to learn that it was a spell developed by
Celts and that it had spread quickly across Europe. He *was* surprised
to learn that the Patronus he had summoned was his father's.

Not a copy, not a similar one, but the *exact* same one. He had shown
the Patronus to Hagrid, partially to find out exactly what kind of deer
it was and partially to show off (since he couldn't show it off in class
due to Snape's warning), and the half giant had burst into tears.
Teacher Brennan had informed him later it wasn't uncommon for Druids to
inherit the corporal familiars from parents or earlier ancestors. It's
original name had been Familiae Patronus, meaning 'Family Protector',
but after the spell's fall into disuse, it merely became the Patronus.
It was also said that every so often a person who died became one of
these protector spirits, and they were feared by even the most powerful
of Dark Creatures.

Harry was satisfied with the stag.

"This sucks," Ron muttered, "I'm getting dinner."

"Yeah, me too," Draco agreed and left with Clyde following happily after
them. Hermione glared at them in annoyance, and tried to cast the spell
again. The tip of her wand barely glowed.

"You might as well let it go," Harry said. "You're not going to find
your 'happy' place glaring like that."

She gave him an annoyed look, but he just smirked. It wasn't often when
he could say he had one upped Hermione.

"Come on. They're drawing from the Goblet of Fire today. If you want to
get a good spot to watch from, we'll have to eat early and arrive early,
right?"

There was some hesitation, but in the end she was as eager to leave
behind this particular charm as everyone else. They ate dinner quickly,
made a brief stop at the Durmstang table to wish Krum luck, and went
down to the gallery to wait. Over the next hour the crowd around the
Goblet of Fire grew until every resident of Hogwarts, from the youngest
to the oldest (and that included ghosts), and not a few others, was
huddled around it. When Lord Voldemort strode into the room, however,
they still managed to find enough space to move out of his way.

Behind the Dark Lord the Headmaster and Headmistresses followed, and
they were not there for even a minute before the Goblet flared and spat
out its first piece of paper. It fluttered around like a confused moth
until Voldemort snatched it out of the air. He read it.

"For Beauxbaton Academy the champion shall be Fleur Delacour," he stated
and handed the strip to Madame Maxime. There was a delighted murmur
among the Beauxbaton's students, but Fleur herself didn't look as if she
had ever doubted it would say anything different.

The Goblet spat out yet another fluttering scrap, and Voldemort read
this as well.

"For the Durmstang Institute the champion shall be Viktor Krum."

There were no surprises there, but everyone looked quite happy
nonetheless. The third paper fluttered out from the Goblet and Hogwarts
held its breath. The other school's champions had been fairly obvious,
even to outsiders, but Hogwarts was another matter altogether. There
were hundreds of students to choose from, and there was a raging debate
(and not a few bets) about who would be chosen. Most of the votes were
divided between Cedric Diggory of Hufflepuff and Doris Whitmore of
Ravenclaw, even though half the Slytherins insisted it would be someone
from their house.

"For Hogwarts," the Dark Lord read, "the champion shall be Cedric
Diggory."

Applause ripped through the crowd, along with shouts of congratulations.
Harry just sighed in relief and turned to Hermione.

"Thank Merlin."

She grinned at him. "You're getting paranoid, Harry."

---

Cedric could hardly believe it. His entire House was cheering and
patting him on the shoulder and congratulating him, and he still
couldn't believe it.

It was just...wow.

This sort of thing never happened to Hufflepuffs. Gryffindors had
adventures. Slytherins had glory. Ravenclaws earned prestige.
Hufflepuffs... just didn't.

Until now.

Until his name had been called.

Holy crap, there was no way he was graduating a virgin after this.

---

"I'm really starting to hate that guy," Draco muttered, shuffling his
vegetables around his plate with his fork. "I don't get what people see
in him."

"Says the guy who hangs out with *Ron* Weasley," Natalie said, rolling
her eyes.

"Hey! We're not talking about my friends here. We're talking about that
Krum guy."

She shrugged. She didn't have much opinion on him as she never saw him
around. Draco, however, had fostered an undying hatred for the Durmstang
Champion, the origin of which seemed to be from all the attention
Hermione was giving him and her growing respect for his 'causes'. Draco
was the jealous sort after all, and didn't like his place in Hermione's
affection and admiration usurped.

"What about Krum?" she asked, resigned to his inevitable rant.

"He's up to something, I know it. He's got a sneaky look about him."

She rolled her eyes.

"Don't even start Draco. At least you don't have to babysit the guy. I
swear that Delacour girl can't go a day without complaining to me about
something."

Draco smirked.

"Liar. You like her."

"*Like* her? She's a spoiled little harlot."

"See? Kindred spirit. She's your idol."

"Ugh. Now you've ruined my appetite. Thanks a lot you twat," she
muttered, threw down her own fork and stalked off. He grinned as she
went. It wasn't often that he could outwit Natalie, but it was always
worth the effort.

---

"Ve do not have house elves in our country. The vood elves tink of dem
as abominations, and have svorn to kill anyvone who creates von. You do
not have dat problem here?" Viktor asked Hermione quietly. Even though
they had already erected a silencing charm, it felt wrong to speak too
loudly in a library.

They were having a discussion when they really should have been
studying, but like so many times before they found a distraction in each
other. Viktor was more convinced than ever that he had found an angel,
for not only was Hermione beautiful, she was also kind and very clever.
The only fault he could find in her, was her insistence to keep things
'proper', which meant very little privacy and absolutely no flirting.
Even now, they were holding their time together in a library, and though
no one could hear them, he was very aware of her adoptive brother
glaring holes into the back of his head at another table along with his
redheaded friend. What precisely did they think he was going to do to
her?Potter was there too, but looked embarrassed by the other boys'
behavior and was pointedly ignoring everyone.

"There isn't a significant number of wood elves in Britain to cause that
kind of problem. We only have a few scattered colonies in Ireland and
Northern Scotland, and they avoid witches and wizards.
There's...*history* between our races," she said, looking regretful of
it.

Truthfully, there was *history* between Europe's wizarding populations
and the elves (wood, water, and mountain all), but the elves fared
better on the continent than in Britain. More resources available to
them, supposedly. In any event, it was generally agreed it was a lot
easier (and cheaper) to go to war with trolls and orcs (and other
wizards) than it was to war with elves, and a truce had been upheld
between their races for two hundred years running now. Which didn't mean
there wasn't a lot of bad blood between them. Viktor decided against
mentioning it, as mentions of war seemed to sadden her.

"Dat is too bad. It might sound unfair, but if I had to choose between
da friendship of an elf and da blind loyalty of a house elf, I vould
definitely choose da-"

A paper plane landed on the table in front of him. He picked it up and
it unfolded itself to reveal a message.

"What is it, Viktor? Is everything okay?"

"Hm? Oh, yes. Every ting is fine. It seems I forgot my book in Dark
Arts. I am sorry, but might ve hold dis conversation for another time?"

"Yes, of course. I understand."

Feeling a little daring, he took her hand and kissed it. She blushed ,
but didn't pull away.

"It has been a delightful conversation, as always."

He strode away ignoring the glares the Slytherin boys were sending his
way, and left. He followed the route that was gradually becoming
familiar to him to the Dark Arts classroom, passing familiar portraits
and tapestries and students. It made him uneasy how quickly he was
becoming comfortable in the castle, and he was finding it increasingly
difficult to remember that he was on a mission and had to remain
constantly alert and aware of his surroundings and potential spies-

He spun around quickly, scanning the hall behind him for just those
sorts of dangers, but there was no one there. Just his imagination then.

Professor Oblitz was waiting for him in the Dark Arts classroom. The
room was empty of students, everyone having left for the day, and the
teacher was sitting in his chair, reading something or other.

"Sie wollten mich sprechen, Herr Oblitz?"

"Ja, es ist Zeit, dass wir reden."

The teacher scanned the room, then raised up the privacy wards, and
Viktor felt a sudden thrill. This had to do with 'the Mission'. The
mission he was helping to carry out.

"Is this about the second phase?"

Oblitz shook his head distracted. "No, you needn't concern yourself with
that. You'll be busy with the challenge. This has nothing to do with
that, but it may prove important in the long run."

"Tell me what you need, and I will do it."

The man gave a satisfied smile, which was a nasty look for him, and made
Viktor regret his words. There was no telling what Oblitz would want. He
had never trusted the man at school, though he'd been completely
professional if a bit harsh, and didn't know what had made him think he
should do so now.

"It's about the Potter boy. Do you know anything about him?"

Unease coiled itself inside of him. He did not like where this
conversation was heading.

"A few things," he said, uncertainly.

"Anything unusual?"

"Of course. We have all heard the rumors, but I haven't seen anything to
verify them. It seems to be hype mostly."

"Have you ever seen him talk to snakes?"

Viktor snorted. That was one rumor he didn't believe for a moment no
matter how often it was repeated.

"No."

"Me neither, but I have seen his familiar. It is a cobra, Krum. A *King*
Cobra. Now tell me that isn't a bit concerning?"

Here Viktor had to hesitate. He'd never seen Potter's snake familiar,
although he had heard about the snake. He'd assumed it was just part of
the rumor. The white owl had seemed more likely.

"Many people have snakes for familiars. Most of the Slytherins do. I
don't see your point."

"Yes, but those people don't have *venomous* snakes as familiars. The
only other person who has something similar is the Dark Lord himself."

"I still don't see your point. What are you asking me to do? Find out if
he's a parseltongue? What if he is? That's hardly a crime, in and of
itself."

Oblitz's expression darkened.

"He is the next in line to rule Britain if anything happens to the Dark
Lord. It is imperative that we know as much about him as we can before
the war begins. There's no telling what role he'll play in the coming
war-"

"*If* he plays a role at all and only *if* there is a war."

"Do not be naïve. Of course there will be a war. What do you think that
*creature* is building an army for? Do you think he's just showing off?"

Of course not, but the way Oblitz said it. It just sounded like
warmongering to him. Like he was looking to *start* the fight, rather
than just prepare for it.

"He's just a kid. Fourteen. The war- if it even happens- will probably
be over before he's old enough to fight, let alone lead. It's pointless
to plot against him. The head of the Malfoy family is much more likely.
More than that it's... it's cruel."

Oblitz glared daggers, but Viktor held his own. He had nothing to fear
from this man. He was the school champion, so he couldn't be harmed
without people finding out why, and next year he would graduate and be
out of the man's reach forever. Besides, he'd had practice duels with
Oblitz before. If push came to shove, he could hold his own.

"You said you would do what I tell you."

"An admittedly stupid thing to say."

"If I tell the Minister about this-"

"Did the Minister order Potter to be spied on?"

"..."

"I am sorry, sir, I'll keep an eye on him, but actively spying on one
kid puts the true mission at greater risk than is justifiable. I must
decline, and will instruct my classmates to do the same," he said
evenly, and walked away.

"Krum! Get back here, Krum! I'm not done-"

The door slammed shut, breaking the privacy charms.

"-WITH YOU!"

He could feel himself smirking. That was damn satisfying. Movement
caught the corner of his eye, and he drew his wand. He heard a ruffling
of wings, and lit his wand with a 'lumos'. Shiny nocturnal eyes blinked
down at him, followed by a ruffling of feathers.

"Hoo-hoooo."

Viktor sighed. It was just an owl.

---

Ron held his breath from behind the suit of armor, sending out a silent
prayer that Krum hadn't heard him. He was positive that for a moment,
the guy must have. What would he say? What excuse could he give? Would
the meathead even wait for an excuse or just blast him into pieces? But
no, Krum left after quickly checking the area with a Lighting Charm.

Chump.

What the hell was he up to? Coming all the way down here for a 'book'
that he clearly wasn't carrying now. He had lied to Hermione. Very, very
suspicious. He half expected a girl to follow Krum out of the room (and
wouldn't that shock Princess Hermione to know her Prince was a louse?),
but all he'd heard was Professor Oblitz cursing. Once Krum was gone, he
left the area quickly. He wanted to get caught by the surly DA&D teacher
even less than he wanted to be caught by Krum.

Still, it was suspicious. What were they talking about? The next
challenge? Were they cheating?

He knew the best way to find out. McGunny was *good* at this sort of
thing, after all. Plus, it might get him out of the trouble for blowing
his last two articles. Yeah. This could be fun.

[^70-1]: For those who are wondering, she said "And you can tattoo it across
your ass over the summer"
