# Political Skirmishes

The forest was still wet from the early morning storm, and a lingering
chill had Harry wrapping his cloak tightly around him and Inana laying
docile beneath it. He was muddy again already, and with each soggy step
his condition was only getting worse. Harry didn't mind in the least.
Voldemort had told him that his element was water, and surely he was
right, for the young Gryffindor's skin tingled pleasantly at every stray
drop that landed on his exposed skin. In the ozone ladened air, he could
smell out that which he couldn't see. Plants and animals and decomposing
earth.

Voldemort watched him with equal parts amusement and fascination.

"You seem quite happy. Has the rain always made you feel this way?"

Harry thought about it and shook his head.

"I always liked water, but I never really liked rain. Of course, I
wasn't allowed to play in the rain when I was younger. They always said
I'd get sick. What about you? Do you like the rain?"

"Not particularly, but water isn't my element."

"Fire?" he guessed. Voldemort smirked.

"Yes. Is it that obvious?"

"Yeah... You're a conqueror, after all. Fire seems the most likely
element for conquerors."

"Water can do considerably more damage than fire," Voldemort pointed
out.

"I've never heard of conquerors *drowning* countries. Although, if we're
talking about witch and wizard conquerors, I'm sure there were a few who
managed it."

"Bulgief the Wet. More of a Viking pirate than a conqueror really. Used
to created huge tidal waves that he'd use to wash his boats straight
into coastal towns and cities, and then pillage in the chaos."

"Never heard of him."

"Was drowned by angry selkies before he got far. They didn't appreciate
all that human trash getting washed into their underwater villages."

Harry smiled, and shook his head. They said nothing for a while, simply
enjoyed the forest, and ignored the werewolves that watched them from
their hiding places. Voldemort was the first to break the silence.

"Harry, are you afraid of dying?"

The boy looked at him in surprise. "Why?"

"I'm told you've been having doubts about continuing to learn the old
magicks. Are you afraid of what will happen to you after you die? Are
you afraid of hell?"

"Hell? I hadn't thought about hell. You said if the Earth took my
spirit, I'd simply be reborn."

"And do you not want to be reborn?"

Harry was quiet for a long moment.

"I don't know. I want to see my family again. They were Christian.
They'd definitely be in Heaven."

"Are you sure? The requirements for Heaven are difficult to meet from
what I hear. Are you certain they are in Heaven?"

"Definitely. They are definitely there," he said, his voice sharp with
conviction.

"And what if they are and you do indeed see them again one day? Then
what? Will that make you happy for eternity? Will that satisfy you?"

Harry looked at him, confused.

"I have never understood the appeal of Heaven. Where is the challenge
once you reach it? An eternity of bliss? How dull. All the people you
love in life? Don't you think there are more interesting people to be
met? Other people to share your love and your hatred with?"

"But to live forever in different bodies?" Harry interrupted. "To die
forever? To lose and forget about everyone and everything that had
meaning in your life over and over again? I don't see the appeal in that
either."

"To experience the length and breadth of existence, of course. To know
all the joys and sorrows and wonders the world has to offer. It is such
a magnificent world."

"My mother... my father..."

"You will have other mothers and other fathers."

Harry blinked. He hadn't thought of that. If he were reborn, he would
indeed, have new parents. A new family to start over with. Brothers?
Sisters? Grandparents? He had never had anything more than his parents
before. The Dursley's didn't count.

"What if I'm not born human?"

"You are highly sentient. You will not rebirth into a mere dumb animal
or a tree. If you're not born human, you will be born to some other
sentient race, which tend to raise their young."

"..."

"Just think about what I have said. You were made for this world. You
will achieve great things here."

"... Okay. I'll think about it."

---

"*Du solltest nicht gehen*."

Viktor looked up, turning away from the horse he had been harnessing to
a cart, to see his father standing behind him. The cart was laden with
the finest quality wood, soon to be carved into broom handles and other
magically rich devices, but only if he managed to get it all into town
before the next rain hit.

"*Mach dir keine Sorgen, papa,[^64-1]* I have at least an hour
before the rain hits. Mr. Abalone will put me up for the night if it's
too heavy to return home," he replied, pretending the use his father's
native German was perfectly ordinary, rather than an indicator that the
family patriarch was angry.

"That's not what I meant. I meant you shouldn't go to Britain. It's not
safe for you there. You've said that to your mother and me for years
now."

Viktor sighed, looking up at the sky to track the progression of the
gray clouds rolling in from the east.

"And you wait till now to believe me? Or did you believe me, and just
not care?" he asked, returning to finish hitching up the cart. His
father had the decency to looked uncomfortable, quite a feat for a man
who boasted being the descendant of Viking chieftains, and looked the
part.

"Whatever the case, it doesn't make it any safer for you," the man said,
crossing his arms and looking firm. It was the sort of look that
intimidated most of the townsfolk into awe and submission, but Viktor,
who had the same stubborn blood running through him even without his
father's Scandanavian features, plus his Bulgarian mother's stoic
indifference to bravado.

"Shall I wait until the danger comes pounding on our door? I will go to
see for myself what threat, if any, the Dark Lord poses to Bulgaria and
to our village," he said.

"Absolutely, not!" Krum Sr. shouted, "That isn't your responsibility."

Viktor turned a dark glare over to his father.

"Maybe if you actually gave a damn about Germany's future, I wouldn't
have to take responsibility!"

"Viktor!"

"I have to go," he interrupted before they really go into it. He really
did need to go if he wanted to get to the village before the wood was
ruined. "We'll talk later."

His father let him go. They both knew they would only end up fighting
and nothing would get resolved. Viktor had a will and a know how about
him that frustrated his father to no end, and Viktor wasn't going to
change anytime soon, regardless or perhaps because he loved his father.

Or perhaps because he loved his grandmother and the grandfather he never
got to meet. It had been Grandma Freida's tales by the fire side that
motivated him to fight now, tales of how the tyrant Grindlewald and his
followers had deceived and lain waste to most of wizarding Europe, and
how it was the cowardice of the people that had allowed it to happen.
His own grandfather, Fredrick Yule, had died trying to stand up for what
was right, defending a family of squibs from Grindlewald supporters. His
grandfather had died, and the Yule family had fled east like hundreds of
other families until they settled in the Bulgarian mountain village of
Anastas. Four years later, Frieda had married a broom maker, Iordan
Krum, who in turn had adopted his father, Xiomar and given him his name
and trade. Xiomar honored the Krum name by upholding the family trade,
but he held an even greater pride for his blood history and a love for
the country of his birth that he had passed on to his only son. He had
made sure that Viktor knew German and gone to great length to ensure his
son was admitted to the Durmstrang Institute. It was why Viktor couldn't
turn a blind eye to the danger he sensed, a danger that threatened to
destroy all he loved and taken pride in, and perhaps why his own father
refused to acknowledge it.

Regardless of his father's wishes, he was going to go. He was going to
find out the truth for himself, about Voldemort, his Death Eaters, his
Court, and his child protégé.

And if he did not like what he found there... he had Viking in his
blood. He was not afraid to die in battle.

---

Greyback greeted his guests just outside the commune, cautiously
searching the surrounding forest for Blackbone and Slivermoon, but they
remained out of sight. Voldemort seemed to sense his distraction, but
graciously ignored it. The Potter child seemed to be searching for the
two errant werewolves, as well, but Greyback knew his vision was
ridiculously bad. Aside from that, the boy looked significantly grown.
He was not the brawny muscled creature that his own adolescent pups
were, but there was a definite musculature to him, not unlike the Dark
Lord's, and there were a few battle scars. His posture was straight, his
gaze direct, but his constantly roaming eyes detracted from the overall
dominant demeanor.

He smelled different than Greyback remembered. Better. More natural, at
least. Caution, decomposing leaves, and snakes.

The alpha hoped these changes were something he could work with. The
year before the pup had been too innocent, too curious, and too
self-absorbed for anything more than learning and appreciating the world
around him. Greyback needed someone who was strong enough to actively
change it.

"Are you alright, my friend?" Voldemort asked, as they walked together
through the commune. Harry trailed behind, following close, but not
paying much attention to them. "You do not look well."

This was likely true. The left side of his face was purple, his right
arm was bandaged forearm to wrist, and he was limping just a bit. Minor
wounds, but it was rare for anyone to see him in anything less than top
form. He grinned.

"Blackbone's been real interesting lately."

That caught the boy's interest. Intense green eyes were suddenly locked
on him. Greyback sent him a nasty leer. The boy glared back. Yes, he
could work with that.

"He's challenged you?" Voldemort asked, concerned for a completely
different reason than his protégé.

"Not directly, but he wants to."

"Can he win?"

"Sure. So can I. If I could trust him to do what needs to be done, I'd
let him."

The crowds parted for them as they passed, easing their way to
Voldemort's private tent. The tent itself had been modified a bit per
the Snake Lord's instructions. A few items had been added, an extra
pallet, an empty cistern, and box with parchment and ink stored safely
inside. Greyback wasn't entirely certain what it all meant, but thought
Harry's apprenticeship might have advanced a level. Despite his poor
vision, the young wizard noticed the changes as well, and looked to his
mentor curiously, but wisely didn't interrupt them.

"How bad is it?" the Dark Lord asked. "Is he unstable?"

"No. Not yet, but the full moon is only three days away. If we get
through that, I think he'll be manageable until the winter solstice."

Voldemort frowned, but didn't say anything. He would leave the matter to
Greyback. If he didn't like the result *then* he'd interfere, but not
before.

"I'll leave you to settle. Boy, come with me."

Both wizards turned to him, surprised. The younger looked away
reluctantly, the elder suspicious. Greyback snorted.

"Can't have you wandering around blind as a bat. Diana will fix you up."

"I can do it," Voldemort said.

"I'm not going to eat him," Greyback muttered. The dark wizard raised a
brow, and the alpha rolled his eyes. "That was only once, and I was
drunk."

A long sigh.

"Alright, but I expect him back in one piece."

The werewolf grinned, and before his charge could protest, grabbed him
by his cloak and dragged him out of the tent. He wasn't halfway to
Diana's little plot of earth when the boy worked up the nerve to speak.

"What do you want?"

"I just want to test something," he said, and paused, looking around. He
found what he was looking for quickly enough. Blackbone was standing
amidst a group of men, gambling over something or other, but his eyes
weren't on the dice. He had eyes only for the alpha and the pup in his
less than gentle hands. A smirk slowly slid across the elder werewolf's
face, and he could practically see the hackles rise. "Yeah, this will
work."

"What will work?"

"Hn. When Blackbone arrives, he's going to start a fight."

He started moving again, jerking Harry roughly along behind him. The
irritated sound that vaguely resembled a growl, amused him greatly.

"When that fight starts, I want you to break it up."

"What?! Are you mad?"

"By wizarding standards or werewolf?"

"I'm not getting between two alpha werewolves! That's crazy by both our
species' standards."

Very true, but he needed answers.

"If you don't break up the fight... if you *can't* break up the fight,
then I'll kill Blackbone. I'll kill him right in front of you, and no
one will stop me. It's in my right."

The pup's posture lost all its nerve, slouching into an arch of
submission. Pathetic, but strangely endearing to his canine brain.

"*No!* Please, no. Why are doing this?"

"If you want to succeed in stopping the fight, you're going to have to
straighten up. He won't listen to you if you're all curled up like that.
It'll just make him protective."

And sure enough, Blackbone came in fangs bared, seemingly out of no
where, snatching his godson away and putting his body between them. Up
close, the younger alpha looked as bad as Greyback, a gash across his
face and chest, but it only made him look more savage. Greyback grinned,
crouching in preparation for the attack, the knife in his belt in easy
reach.

"Don't you touch him!" Blackbone snarled.

The other werewolves quickly made room, knowing if they started fighting
they wouldn't care who got in the middle of it. The women took the
youngest children towards the relative safety of the trees, while the
menfolk and more daring youth made a loose circle. They said nothing,
waiting anxiously for the outcome of a long awaited fight. There were
not shouts of encouragements or taunts. This wasn't a mere scuffle or a
display of dominance. To them this was a matter of life and death, not
only for the fighters themselves but for everyone who would live under
the leadership of the victor.

"Touch?" Greyback sneered. "I didn't want to touch him. I just wanted to
smack him around a little. He's pretty damn uppety for a goggle-eyed
pipsqueak. He needs to learn his place."

Blackbone snarled and made to lung, and he reached for his knife, but
Blackbone was brought up short by a pair of slender arms. Potter had
grabbed the charging werewolf around the middle and was holding tight.

"Stop! Sirius, just stop it! He didn't do anything and he wasn't going
to!"

"The hell he wasn't!"

For all the anger in that pronouncement, Greyback noted that he hadn't
tossed the child off, which would have been easy. Harry's slender arms
tightened around the alpha's waist.

"No, he wasn't. We're just going to get my paints. Okay? You know I
can't see without my glasses. He's just taking me to get my paints, so I
can see. Please calm down. Please?"

Blackbone looked hesitant, his attention now torn between leaping at his
enemy and turning to comfort the child. His seemed stuck in indecision,
so Greyback prodded him, letting loose a menacing chuckle. Blackbone's
eyes hardened, and he tensed for another attempt at attack.

"Sirius, no! I don't want to see it!" Harry shouted, demanding his
attention again. "I don't want to see anyone killed in front of me
again. Don't make me watch it! I swear to God I won't forgive you, if
you do that to me..."

There was a moment of absolute stillness. No one moved, no one spoke, no
one so much as breathed. Blackbone looked as if he'd been hit with a
paralysis spell, his expression frozen in a sort of horrified shock. At
last, Greyback broke out into a barking laugh.

"Ha ha! You should see your face."

He moved forward, and the other man tensed but wasn't really able to
moved around with Harry still latched onto him. Rather then give him a
well deserved smack to the head, he gave him one to the back instead,
chuckling.

"So damn high strung lately. I was just mess'n with ya."

The tension eased amongst the werewolves like an audible sigh, and the
crowd broke up again to do whatever they were doing before. Blackbone
just sort of blinked at him, not really trusting him, but not really
distrusting him either. When it came to disputes and challenges,
Greyback was always straight forward. He never made you guess his
intentions.

"Come on, boy. Best not to keep a goddess waiting."

He pulled Harry off the alpha easily enough, but no sooner had he pulled
the child up than he jerked himself free. His green eyes were as savage
as any alpha he'd known, and for just that instant Greyback thought the
boy must see him perfectly from the inside out. It only lasted half a
second, and the boy was putting himself between the alpha's again,
distracting Sirius.

"I'm fine, Sirius. He's no threat to me. Just relax, okay? Once I'm done
getting painted, let's get something eat. I haven't eaten since
yesterday. Where's Remus?"

Reluctantly, Blackbone tore his gaze away from his enemy. "I don't know.
He must still be out fishing. We weren't expecting you until later."

"You should go find him. He would be hurt if we started anything without
him."

"But-"

They both looked at Greyback unhappily, and he leered back. Harry
sighed.

"Don't worry about it. He's just messing around with us. He'll leave
when he's bored."

A very astute observation, and perfectly true, but now that Harry had
passed his test with flying colors, Greyback needed to speak with him in
private. He gave Blackbone a dismissive gesture.

"Go fetch your meeker half. The pup and I have a matter to settle."

Sirius hesitated, but after looking between the Head Alpha and his
godson for a long moment, gave up and walked away. Alone again, Greyback
took Harry's arm more gently and lead him behind some stalls to where
the goddess was waiting. Harry was more than a little surprised when the
girl there wasn't Luna, but a freckle faced child of no more than nine.
She regarded him with the same steady and omniscient gaze he remembered
though, and the same undefinable luminosity. Then he recalled that
Sirius had told him that the goddess was leaving Luna's body to possess
someone else. This was obviously the new girl, but what had happened to
Luna? What was she like now without a spirit inhabiting her body?

"Welcome back, Twilight Seeker," the girl said, staring straight passed
him. Her head inclined towards Greyback, "Greyback."

"Diana," he greeted, inclining his head to her respectfully. Harry
remembered himself and bowed, but she was already turning away.

"Sit, child."

Harry removed his cloak and uncurled Inana from his neck, placing them
on a bench to keep dry before sitting on the stool in front of the girl.
She took his chin in her soft, little hands and tilted it up, painting a
red stripe over his eyes. He kept his eyes closed and relaxed under her
ministrations, basking in the cool pulsing magic that her presence
brought.

"That was impressive," Greyback said, drawing Harry's reluctant
attention. "What you did back there, I mean. Wrapped Blackbone right
around your little finger."

The teen scowled.

"It's nothing to be ashamed of. There aren't a lot of people who could
stop an alpha like him in their tracks. That's a rare sort of power."

"Power doesn't have anything to do with it. He cares about me, and did
what I asked because of it."

Diana smacked him on the nose with her paint brush. "Do not speak until
I'm done painting your face."

Greyback barked out a laugh.

"You've got it wrong, pup. I love my children just as much as he must
love you, but do you think their begging could ever make me restrain my
nature? It isn't compassion that stays our hands. It's respect. He
respects you. He respects the fact that when you say you will hate him,
that you mean it. That when you say you can take care of yourself, you
can. Last year, do you think if I had tested you like this that you
would have been able to stop him?"

Harry couldn't reply, but his forced silence left him with forced
thoughts. Would he have been able to stop Sirius then? Looking back on
it, he didn't think he would have even tried. Sirius was the adult, the
alpha, the person who looked after him, informed him of what was
happening around him, and the man wasn't to be questioned anymore than
he would have questioned his parents or teachers. Yet, last December
*he* had been the one to look after his godfathers, *he* had been the
one to tell them what was happening, and they had been forced to rely on
him as much as he had relied on them. Werewolves defined themselves in
terms of their dominance and submission to others, how had his attempted
rescue of them altered his position in their family? They had been
forced to leave too soon for Harry to even realize that there might even
be a change.

"Pup, when the time comes for Blackbone to take my place, you are going
to be to him, what Voldemort is to me."

Diana's brush left his face, and he turned to glare at the man. "I
seriously doubt that."

Greyback smirked, but after a moment it slid off his face. Harry watched
the physical change from playfully antagonistic to dead serious, the
smoothing of his facial features, the straightening of his back, the
rising tension in his shoulders and hands.

"I am not playing. I am mean what I say. Your position... your *role*
amongst my packs has changed the moment your will overcame Blackbone's.
You have the power to maintain the peace between our two peoples. The
peace that Blackbone would throw away to destroy a single enemy among
potential thousands."

Harry looked away, turning to Diana to see what she was painting. She
was fully focused on creating an eye on the back of his right hand.

"I don't know what you're talking about."

"You can't ignore this. Now that I've told you, you have a
responsibility. When your godfather finally succeeds in killing me, you
must convince him not to go to war against Voldemort. If you do not stop
him, the werewolves will all be destroyed, including him."

"Stop it. What is it that you think I can do? Why do you even think
Sirius would start a war with the Dark Lord, anyway? He cares about the
werewolves. He wouldn't do something he knows would hurt them. He's not
an idiot and doesn't need me holding his leash."

"Like he was just five minutes ago? Rushing in, knowing we could kill
each other, and over what? Instinct. The instinct to protect. The
instinct to destroy threats. That instinct is what makes an alpha. It's
an instinct that defies logic and even self preservation for the
security of others. It is what allowed me to establish my packs and keep
them safe, and it is that same instinct that Blackbone will use to tear
it apart. He doesn't trust Voldemort or me, and the prisoners of war I
brought into my fold have only made things worse. That's why I need you.
I need you to curb that instinct, to appeal to the... *wizard* in him.
The part of himself that will see beyond the emotions of the moment, to
the long term good."

"Remus-"

"Feh. A beta, no an omega. He won't contradict Sirius. Even if he did it
wouldn't make a difference. It has to be you."

"I'm just a kid."

"Excuses. Do it or don't."

Harry closed his eyes and sighed. "I'll talk to him."

"I wasn't expecting you to wrestle him into submission."

"You're *welcome*."

---

Sitting under the awning of a little café in the shadow of Notre Dame,
Fleur thought she should be quite comfortable even in the summer heat,
but Clotaire's restless fidgeting was making it very hard to relax.
Honestly, they might have been in a muggle café, but he didn't have to
act like such a tourist. True, their clothes made her feel like she was
on her way to a costume party, but that was half the fun of roaming
these parts of the city. The thrill of being discovered, the
participation in strange customs, the novelty of a completely foreign
way of life.

"*Veux- tu bien te calmer?*"[^64-2] she said to her companion, lifting her
glass of sparkling grape juice for a sip. "No one is going to jump up
and cut off your head."

He frowned and took a drink from his own cherry soda, and grimaced.

"I don't know why you like to come to these places."

"Where's your sense of adventure? Don't tell me you're going to
university already complacent?"

"That isn't fair. Especially coming from someone with no sense of self
preservation."

She smiled at him, condescendingly.

"Clotaire, why can't you just let that go? Someone has to go to Britain,
and I think we both know I'm the most suited. Madam Maxime said so."

"That woman has the brain of a giant, just like the rest of her."

Slamming down her glass, she reached across the table and grabbed the
boy by the lapel of his shirt and practically dragged him across the
table. She glared down at him, her pretty face drawn back into the true
horror of her veela heritage.

"Madam Maxime is a great woman, who's gone through a lot of hell because
of insensitive assholes like you. *N'ose pas te moquer d'elle****!***"

Clotaire floundered, terrified by her birdish face and embarrassed by
the people who were now staring at them like they were mad.

"*D'accord! Je ta demande pardon!* I know she's a great woman, I just
don't understand why she's going through with this silly idea! It's not
your school's responsibility to start public relations with a country
still in the middle of a civil war."

She let him go, and he quickly straightened up and smoothed out every
possible wrinkle he could find on himself. She sighed as she watched
him. Really, what had she been thinking when she agreed to go steady
with this peacock? Sure he had an invite to every wizarding house party
and club in Paris, but ask him to do anything truly *daring* and he
became a narrow-minded coward.

"They're not in the middle of a civil war. That's just rumor-mongering.
Truth of the matter is, we don't have a very good idea of what's going
on over there."

"Even better. They could be sacrificing virgins to dragons for all you
know, and you're just going to skip right in."

"Well, I'm lucky I'm not a virgin, then, aren't I? Besides, it can't be
that bad. I'll be spending most of my time at the school anyways. How
bad could a school be?"

He looked at her as if she were crazy. "It's *Hogwarts*, Fleur. Even we
get news about that place. Plus all the Death Eaters send their kids
there and even Voldemort's heir is supposed to go. I'm telling you if
you leave, you'll be raped or dead or both within the week."

"Then why don't you come and protect me?"

"Why don't you just stay here?"

She rolled her eyes. "You're just afraid *you'll* get raped."

"Dammit, why do you have to make light of this? You're going to be gone
for a whole year to some god forsaken country and when you get back,
*if* you get back, you'll be going straight to university. This could be
our last summer together and you act as if you don't care."

"It had to end sometime."

"Why? Why does it have to end? You could stay in France, we could get in
the same university together, and... and..."

"And what? Get married?" she said, looking unimpressed. "You're
dreaming. I'm going to The Luxemburg Institute *after* getting back from
Britain. Do you think you could get in?"

He fidgeted in his seat, looking around to see if anyone was watching
her make a fool out of him. She wasn't normally this antagonistic, and
up until someone had put this stupid idea of going overseas in her head,
she had been nothing but sweetness and fun.

"You don't need to go to Luxembourg and you sure as hell don't need to
go to Britain. Why don't you just stay here in Paris? The university is
great here, and all of our friends and family are here too. You could do
a lot worse."

"But I want a lot *better*. I didn't have tutors since I was in diapers,
lessons in music and magic and manners for ten years, or get into the
finest magic school in the world just so I could settle for being your
arm candy."

"Is that what you think? That I'd just drag you down? I want what is
best for you. I want you to be happy. Why don't you think I could make
you happy?"

She looked at him, looking somewhere between amused and frustrated.
Delicate fingers came up to run through her hair, and he could only
watch transfixed. Fleur was easily the most beautiful being he had ever
met, and on most days he could hardly believe that she was his*.* Now he
could hardly believe that she *wasn't*.

"Do you love me, Clotaire?"

He blinked stupidly.

"I... Of course, I love you. Why would you think I didn't?"

"You've never said it, you know?"

"I haven't? Yes, I have! I say it all the time."

"You say the words, but when you say them it's the same as when you say
'you're beautiful' or 'kiss me'. A complete stranger could say it the
same way you do. Not that it matters, because I don't love you. I never
have, and I never lied and said I did."

"Are you breaking up with me?"

"Yes. We're both almost adults. I think we should both stop playing
childish games."

He stared at her, disbelieving. She stared back in cool amusement, then
took a sip of her drink.

"You... you *bitch!* You cold-hearted little slut. You used me to get
popular and now you're just dumping me?"

"Don't embarrass yourself by making accusations, Clo," she said, her
expression darkening to match his own. "You used *me* to get popular,
not the other way around. I suggest you remember that before you go off
to rant to our friends about how I supposedly wronged you. We went out,
we had fun, and now it's over. And just for that 'bitch' comment, I'll
leave the bill to you. Waiter, check please."

She stood up, and when he looked as if he was going to get up as well,
snapped her fingers. He was suddenly forced back into his seat with a
heavy 'umph'. He tried to get up again, but couldn't budge.

"Goodbye, darling. I hope you find someone who can actually love you
back someday."

She walked out of the cafe, pretending to be oblivious to all the boys
who turned their heads to watch her go, and turned the corner into a
narrow alley between the café and an antique store. Gabrielle leaned
against the wall, wand in hand and expression disapproving.

"You could have handled that better," the girl said. "You didn't need to
be mean."

"Oh, Gabi, you'll understand when you start dating. It's better not to
leave them with even a little hope that you'll change your mind. They'll
just keep waiting for you to come back if you do. Now give me back my
wand."

Reluctantly, Gabrielle handed it over. It had been fun tricking Clotaire
into thinking Fleur had done some wandless magic, and even more fun to
actually do some magic of her own for once. Her big sister was always
casting spells left and right, but she still had to wait another two
years before she was allowed to get a wand of her own and that wasn't
fair at all. Fleur would be far away in Luxembourg by the time she got
her wand, and then she'd never get to show off how good at magic she
really was. Fleur was always so far ahead of her.

"Sister, is it true that Britain is dangerous?"

The older Delacour looked down at her suspiciously. "Did you cast a
hearing charm on yourself?"

"Umm..."

"Gabi, what did I tell you? You can *only* use the sticking charm or the
mute charm, and not anything else, especially on yourself. You could
have ruptured your eardrum with that spell."

"I'm not an idiot! And don't change the subject. Is Britain really
dangerous?"

Fleur shook her head. "Of course not. Not really. I mean, there are
dangerous people there like You-know-who, but they're not going to
attack me or the other students. They're trying to make friends. Like
that big stray dog your friend Nicodème found. It could have been very
dangerous, but it only wanted to play. Right?"

"Oh... are you sure?"

"I'm quite sure."

"Then why was Clotaire so scared?"

"Because Clotaire is afraid of dogs. Even friendly ones. He is a
coward."

"Then can I come? I want to see the tournament too. I bet you'll get
picked to compete and I want to watch you. So can I? I'm not scared like
Clotaire."

Fleur smiled, and put her arm around her sister's shoulder, pulling her
close.

"I know, you are like me. And if I could take you, I would. I would take
you and mama and papa, but I can't. I couldn't even take Clotaire. I
just offered because I knew he would refuse. One day, we will all go. I
want to see Ireland. They've got the most darling accents there!"

"When can we go? All together, I mean."

"Who knows? If I do a good job, maybe we can all go next summer."

"Really?"

"Maybe."

Gabrielle tilted her head so it rested against her sister's side as they
made their way home, trying to be content with what she had been given.
Truth was, she wanted what Clotaire wanted. She wanted her sister to
stay in Paris. She wanted her to be safe and close, even if she was at
Beauxbaton most of the year. She couldn't say that though. Fleur might
not like her anymore if she did, just like she didn't like her
boyfriend. She had to practice pretending everything was fine, because
when she finally saw her sister off, she had to be able to smile instead
of cry.

---

"It's so unfair," Draco whined, moving his blue stone across the board
until it landed on a picture of a flower. The stone turned into three
green stones. Natalie frowned, staring at her two remaining red stones
and wondered if she should be more aggressive or evasive now that she
was out numbered.

They were out in the gardens, under the shade of the gazebo and
surrounded by the scent of roses and lilacs. Between them sat a strategy
game and two glasses of chilled lemonade.

"Yes, I know Draco. It's awful. And to think, you could have been
Ronald's stooge instead."

"Ch'. Youngest quidditch captain *ever* and I don't even get to play
until next year. How lame is that?"

"Very lame. Extremely lame. The lamest thing I've ever heard of...
except for the fact that your father bullied your aunt in order for you
to get that position in the first place. It sort of steals my sympathy
for you," she said smugly, moving one of her red pieces to jump Draco's
green. The green stone turned red. She had him three to two now.

"I didn't even get an explanation on *why* there won't be quidditch this
year," he continued, ignoring her comment. "I swear she just canceled it
because she doesn't want me to succeed at something. She's always been
horrid wench."

"Mmm..."

He gave her an irritated look and destroyed one of her red stones,
turning both stones blue.

"It's not like I expect you to understand. You've never tried to
accomplish anything, only applying the minimum effort to anything you
do. You quit on Potter and then you quit Dueling Club."

She jumped his blue stone and found herself with two yellow stones, and
cursed herself. She'd hadn't thought that move through.

"What do you know? He quit me. He kept on quitting on me. Was I just
suppose to pine after him until he took pity? Besides, Dueling Club is
for brutes. I'm joining the Riding Club this year."

"Geh. Since when were you interested in something so... girlish?"

"There are boys in that club, you know. Diggory is in that club."

"The *Hufflepuff*? Isn't he a little old for you?"

"Isn't quidditch captaincy a little much for *you*?"

"Touché. I've got you in Yield Position, by the way."

"Damn... give me a second." She chewed her lip for a moment, then moved
her stone to a corner. Not an ideal situation, but it gave her a few
more moves safe from Draco's only remaining green stone. He smirked at
her, knowing he had her on the retreat.

"You could always come back. We'd all be happy to have you. Even Harry
misses you."

She snorted.

"No doubt he'd change his mind about that as soon as I showed up. Forget
it, Draco. I'm through with him and I'm through with the Dueling Club.
You're going to have to guard your sister's virtue from Harry all by
yourself."

---

Harry waited with the new goddess for his godfathers to reappear. She
didn't seem to mind, but then she didn't seem to care about much of
anything as she stared out sightlessly into space. He thought to talk to
her, to ask her things about the year before, but the girl was so unlike
Luna he felt as if he'd be asking Snape about his Transfiguration
homework.

Inana had slithered off his cloak and gone in search of breakfast,
leaving him no one to talk to.

So he waited quietly and wondered what he might say to Sirius. His first
thought was to say nothing, and let Sirius handle things as he saw fit
as any adult should be able. His second thought was that if he had let
Sirius handle things earlier, someone would have gotten killed. Well,
bother.

"Harry."

He turned around to see Sirius and Remus standing behind him. Remus had
new scars on his arm, but otherwise looked just as he remembered. He was
carrying two large fish and a barbed spear over his shoulder.

"Hey, Prongslet, you up for breakfast?" the beta greeted. Harry smiled
and nodded.

"Greyback left?" Sirius asked, scanning their surroundings.

"Yeah. It's like I said, once there was no one to aggravate, he lost
interest."

"Huh." The alpha looked curiously at him. "Did he say anything to you?"

Well, there was as good of an opening as he was going to get and there
was no point in putting it off. He couldn't imagine the subject getting
any easier to talk about. He nodded.

"Um... about that. Do you think we could go somewhere private? With the
fish?"

"Sure, we'll go to that hollow hill we took you to last year. Remember?
Where we taught you how to string a bow?"

"Perfect."

They moved deeper into the forest, the number of werewolves gradually
decreasing the farther they got from the commune until at last they came
to the hollow hill. It was half a hill eroded away, provided them with a
natural amphitheater and a small waterfall to hide them from both sight
and sound. They gathered up dry tinder as they went, and once they
arrive, built a small fire to cook the fish. Remus placed some flat
stones in the fire, and once they were hot, cut off sections of fish to
cook on top of them.

"So what did he say?" Sirius prodded after they had run out of things to
distract themselves with. "Did he threaten you?"

Harry looked at his feet, then forced himself to look up. Body language
was everything with werewolves, and he wouldn't be taken seriously if he
couldn't look his godfather in the eye. This was harder than it seemed,
because Sirius' eyes were so *blunt*. He never bothered hiding or
reeling in any of his emotions or thoughts, and projected them so
forcefully it was almost a physical thing sometimes. Right now, there
was uneasy suspicion and Harry felt awful that his suspicions might be
well founded. He needed to be honest.

"No, he didn't threaten me. He wanted me to talk to you about
something."

"Talk to me? If he wants to say something to me, he can do it himself.
It's not like he doesn't know where I am."

Harry couldn't quite bring himself to look at Sirius, but knew looking
down would be bad, so instead he looked up, seeing trees and a gray sky
with dabs of brilliant blue. He reminded himself that he was doing
something important, and his godfather would understand.

"Well... maybe 'convince' you of something is more precise."

Remus chuckled. "Ah, that makes sense. Prongslet could definitely
convince you of something better than Greyback could."

"Are you calling me stubborn or accusing me of spoiling our godson? I
can't tell."

The beta just smirked, taking a piece of cooked fish, placing it on a
large oak leaf and handed it to Harry. The teen accepted it happily,
even as he burned his fingertips, and watched his godfathers stare each
other down. Remus was no alpha, but to say he was subservient to Sirius,
was not only inaccurate but dangerous. It would be like saying Harry was
subservient to Snape. Sure he obeyed him, most of the time, but the
potions master had to pick his battles carefully. Eventually Sirius just
rolled his eyes, and made a tactical retreat back into his conversation
with Harry.

"Convince me of what then?"

Harry shoved his fish, still too hot, into his mouth and used it as an
excuse to stall long enough to figure out his wording. This backfired,
for not only did he burn his mouth, he couldn't think of anything
coherent in the mean time, and just blurted it all out.

"Don't fight Voldemort."

Sirius just blinked, then raised a brow. "Well... okay. I can't say I
haven't thought of punching him in the face a couple times, but I guess
I can control myself..."

"I mean, when you become Head Alpha. When you have hundreds of
werewolves willing to do whatever you say. Don't start a fight with him,
just because you can."

Sirius' perplexed expression faded into irritation.

"That really isn't something you need to concern yourself with. It has
nothing to do with you."

That brought a sting of hurt to Harry's heart, and then a wave a anger.

"How can you say that? Because I'm not a werewolf? Aren't I your godson?
Aren't you the only family I have left? If you start a fight with the
Dark Lord... it'd be war. You could be killed. You could get others
killed. You could kill people yourself. And for what? Because you were
enemies in the last war? That battle is over, so why prolong it?"

"Because it's the right thing to do!" Sirius shouted.

"How is that the right thing?" he shouted back. "Why do more people have
to be hurt?"

"He's evil, Harry! You were too young to remember it, but he did
*horrible* things. *Unspeakable* things for stupidest, most bigoted
reasons."

"So you're going to make sure I see it all for myself?"

"Would you close your eyes to everything he's done? All because he pats
you on the head like a good dog from time to time!"

"You don't understand! He's... he's..."

"Like a father to you? You stupid brat, he's not your father! He would
have killed your father if he'd ever been in the same room with him. He
would have killed you and your mother along with him!"

"SIRIUS!"

It hadn't been Harry who demanded his attention. Harry was too busy
being too shocked to so much as blink. There was so much hate in those
gray eyes, and he was looking right at him. Remus' sharp call drew the
alpha's attention, freeing Harry from his Medusa's gaze long enough to
process exactly what Sirius had said. What he had implied.

Did he think of Voldemort as his father? No. Never. He had never trusted
him that much, never loved him like that. He knew, perhaps better than
Sirius, exactly what the Dark Lord was and why. He had seen the very
composition of his fractured soul, and as horrifying as it had been
there was a beauty in it. The same sort of beauty that is found in a
force of nature, regardless of how destructive it was.

Would Voldemort have killed his family? Even him?

Harry didn't doubt it for an instant. But that was during a war. A war
he didn't want to see reenacted.

"Do you think... I'm saying this because... it's what Voldemort wants?
Do you think I'm doing this for *him*?"

Sirius didn't say anything, but he didn't have to. Such blunt, accusing
eyes didn't require words. Harry stood up. He looked towards Remus
standing by the fire, finding anger there as well, but directed at his
mate's turned back. "I'm sorry, Moony, I don't feel much like eating
anymore. I'm going to head back. I'll talk to you later."

"Prongslet..."

He looked away before he could see Remus' expression, kept his eyes down
so he wouldn't have to see Sirius, regardless of how weak it made him
look. At that moment, he felt as frail as glass, pieces of himself
chipping off with every step he took away from the hill. The last thing
he heard before leaving was the sound of a fist hitting flesh.

"Sirius, you're such an asshole!"

It didn't make him feel the least bit better.

---

Jackal slunk from his hiding place above the hollow hilled, using the
distraction of Slivermoon pummeling his alpha to slip away unnoticed. He
made a b line towards the commune, careful to stay out of sight of the
wizard child. It wasn't hard. The boy wasn't moving fast nor looking
around. In fact, he was moving with all the vigor of a zombie.

Which was sort of funny, considering the boy's master was a necromancer.
Perhaps he really was a zombie and the Dark Lord was screwing with
everyone's head.

Hey, mushrooms!

No, he reminded himself, his alpha had sent him on a mission and now it
was time to report back. He couldn't afford to get distracted. Focus,
focus, focus!

What was he suppose to be focusing on again?

He stopped and tried to remember exactly what he had been doing. This
was probably why he wasn't even in the running for taking over as Head
Alpha, he thought. He really didn't have the attention span for it.

Oh! That's right, he was spying on Blackbone and the Dark Lord's
apprentice to see how their 'talk' went. Not very good, it seemed.
Jackal hadn't been able to hear most of the conversation, but it was
pretty obvious the kid hadn't been successful in whatever he was doing.

He grinned to himself, thinking what Greyback's reaction would be. He
would most certainly kill Blackbone now. What choice did he have? He
couldn't leave the packs' wellbeing to a warmonger. It was only a
question of how he'd go about the younger alpha's demise. Would he have
the packs tear him apart? Would he kill the man himself? With his knife
or barehanded or in wolf form?

Maybe if he were lucky he'd get to help. No doubt it would be quite a
spectacle one way or the other.

Hey, mushrooms!

---

German translation: Krum's father: "You shouldn't go." Krum: "Don't
worry, papa,..."

French Translation: "***Would you relax?***", "***Don't you dare make
fun of her!", "I'm sorry, I'm sorry!"***(Okay, the las part not so much,
but basically the same thing)

It's back to normal Friday updates after this, but I hoped you enjoyed
the little change in pace.