# The Peaceful Invasion

As the foreign students and dignitaries were exploring their living quarters
for the next nine months, the Order of the Phoenix was gathered yet again,
this time at a muggle ski resort that was closed for the season. The lodge
house wasn't air conditioned, but opening the windows allowed in fresh cool
air and soothing nature sounds. The accommodations were much finer than usual,
but no one was in the mood to appreciate it.

Johan still stubbornly kept watch from the shadows, ignoring everyone,
including Gilfred and his incessant jokes at his expense. Gilfred, Timmons,
Fredric, and Phoebe occupied themselves with a card game, but no one was
particularly enthusiastic about losing or winning. Tonks paced in the
background, too agitated to sit still. And through it all, Dumbledore sat in
an over stuffed chair, drinking his tea and seemingly lost in thought.

"They should be there by now," Tonks muttered. "Why haven't we been notified?"

"I have no doubt you are right," Dumbledore agreed, "But since we are not
using our own spies for this mission, I'm afraid we're rather at the bottom of
the 'those who must be notified' list. Still, I suspect it won't be that much
longer."

"You said that an *hour* ago."

The old man chuckled. "My dear, when you reach my age, an *hour* ago isn't
very much time at all."

She was ready to snap something at him, but a loud '*RINGGGG*' interrupted
her. Several people jumped in fright, and everyone turned to the source of the
noise. The plain black telephone resting beside Dumbledore's cup of tea
stopped for a moment, then let out yet another '*RINGGGG*' and scared poor
Fredric all over again.

"Well, here you go, my dear," the elderly wizard said. He coughed into his
hand, and picked up the phone before its third ring. When he spoke again, it
was with the chipper tone of twenty-something-year old female receptionist.
"Guten Abend, Alstasenberg Ski Resort, mein Name ist Alba Dumbeldoff, was kann
ich für sie tun?"

There was talking on the other line, which no one else could hear, but went on
for nearly five minutes uninterrupted. At last, Dumbledore smiled.

"Ja, danke und auf Wiederhören."

He hung up the phone.

"What did they say?" Tonks asked excitedly.

"They said... oh, excuse me," the wizard chirped femininely, then coughed into
his hand again and began speaking normally, "They said everyone arrived safely
and are being treated with the utmost courtesy. No one appears to suspect a
thing. A secure communications network has already been set up and tested in
Hogsmeade."

"And Viktor?" Gilfred asked. "Any word on him?"

"It's still a bit early to be receiving any reports from his end. I am told
the Dark Lord himself will be at the Welcoming Feast. It will be our young
friend's first real test."

"And if he fails?"

"I have the utmost confidence in him, and so should you."

"He'll be fine," Johan said, not looking away from the window. "Stop looking
for trouble were there isn't any. You can freak out when something actually
goes wrong, otherwise you're just making a nuisance of yourself."

"Jonny, that isn't the way to talk to a lady," Gilfred admonished, and of
course was ignored.

Tonks backed off anyway, stalking out of the room before she did or said
something she'd regret later. She hated this plan. Had from the moment she'd
been told about it. She'd tried everything to convince Viktor it was a bad
idea, but his only response to all her pleas and bargains and threats had been
'If you'd been in my shoes while you were at school, you would have gone in a
heart beat'. Infuriatingly true, and not the least bit comforting.

She'd had a death wish when she'd been at school.

---
---

Their arrival at the Great Hall was rather ridiculous in Viktor's opinion,
what with the marching and spell work, but the Hogwarts students and staff
seemed suitably impressed by it, He thought he looked a lot less ridiculous
after watching the Beauxbatons students flutter in like butterflies. He felt
distinct pity for those few male students who accompanied the female majority.
The Great Hall was large, but still crowded, especially now that the usual
four long tables was supplemented with two smaller tables at the end, yet they
managed to fit into their seats comfortably.

At least the Durmstang students did. To his left, at the Beauxbatons table,
the other students were trying not to look uncomfortable in their wooden
seats, and doing a very poor job of it. He looked down the row of elegant,
attractive, and *weak* looking people and couldn't imagine a single one of
them being a champion of *anything*.

"Poor babies," Jophery snickered in German so they wouldn't hear, "How long do
you think it will be before one of them starts crying?"

Viktor ignored the remark. They might not look impressive, but their
curriculum was as exacting as Durmstang's, if not their physical location. It
would be foolish to underestimate them before they had been tested.

Speaking of which...

He turned towards the teacher's table. Madam Maxime, as large as she was,
stood out first, but he found others who were more interesting. He recognized
Headmaster Minz and Professor Oblitz by sight, but there were others he
recognized from photographs and secret files and newspaper articles.
Headmistress Bellatrix Lestrange, Death Eater and psychopath. Professor
Severus Snape, Death Eater, potion's genius, and assassin. Professor Bonita
Toure, Dark Wizard fanatic. Professor Minerva McGonagall... cat lover. He was
certain he'd been thoroughly briefed on her, but the only thing he could
remember was Dumbledore's offhand remark about 'poor dear Minny'.

And the King of them all, the Dark Lord Voldemort, sat right in the middle,
looking completely out of place by his sheer *normalcy.* From what Viktor had
heard, the Dark Lord should have been in his sixties, have red eyes and fangs,
and probably resembled a vampire. The Dark Lord in person look in his late
twenties, smiled a bit darkly, and had a tan that suggested he spent a lot of
time outdoors. Altough he *did* have red eyes. For a long time, Viktor was
convinced it was someone else. Even after the man... dictator... monster...
raised his goblet and made a toast as their host.

"Welcome, my brothers and sisters, in both magic and nobility. I have extended
my hand to your countries in friendship, and now you have graciously reached
back in return as young ambassadors. The people of Britain, myself first among
them, are honored by your presence. May this be the first step to the reunion
of our great nations, and the rebirth of peace."

There was thunderous applause, and everyone lifted their glasses, regardless
of what they had, and drank deep. Viktor brought his own goblet to his lips,
pretended to drink and then set it aside for the rest of the feast. The Dark
Lord lingered only a few minutes after that, then disappeared, leaving Viktor
torn between confusion and anger. Should he have just cut through all the
spying bullshit and just set the creature on fire?

"Charming fellow," Jophery said, as he watched his friend watch his enemy. "De
kind of guy mader vould have vanted my zister to marry... ezept for the whole
laying vaste to an entire country ting. Aldough I don't see how being a banker
is much better."

He gave his friend an irritated look, but of course Jophery didn't notice.

"Oohhh... look, I tink that's the 'protégé'. Poor guy... or maybe not.
Apparently, British girls dig the whole 'the Dark Lord is my Pimp' ting he's
got going for him."

Viktor, of course, couldn't help but look. Harold James Potter looked as
nondescript as his mentor, and even less threatening. He had *glasses* for
Merlin's sake. He was talking with a small cluster of people, who must have
been his friends, and two of them must have been the girls Jophery was talking
about. One of them was a little pixie of girl, red-haired and freckled and
chucking a dinner roll at a pair of boisterous twins, who had to have been
related to her somehow. The second...

Was the most captivating creature Viktor had ever seen in his entire life.

---
---

"I've got to go, guys," Hermione said, getting up from the table. "I need to
talk with McGunny before taking up my prefect duties. He's probably going to
call an emergency meeting later, so I might not see you for the rest of the
night."

They all said their 'good nights', but once she was out of sight, Harry
surveyed the room to see if anyone was looking towards him and quietly made
his own retreat.

"I'll meet you all in the Common Room later. There's someone I want to talk
to."

He didn't stick around to listen to their questions, and slipped out
relatively unnoticed. Once he was clear of the Great Hall, he made a light
sprint down the empty corridors to the main entry. There were House Elves
sorting out the luggage, popping in and out of existence in front of him.
Several of them squeaked in panic when they saw him, quite adamant in their
belief that a House Elf should be neither seen nor heard unless ordered to be
so.

"Shhh... It's alright. You're not in trouble," he assured them. "I just need
to step outside for a few minutes. Will you make sure no one locks me out?"

"Oh!" one of them clapped, "Yes! Yes! We will do this for the Monster Slayer!
It would be great honor! It is the least we could do!"

The other elves started bobbing their bald little heads.

It took Harry several confused blinks before he realized they were talking
about the Basilisk or possibly the 'acrumantula', since he had no idea how
much they really knew about the incident in his second year. He figured it was
more than most.

"Um... thanks."

"We is being *thanked*!" it gasped. "You are too kind, Monster Slayer, sir!"

More happy head bobbing, and Harry was starting to get weirded out.

"Er, you're welcome... bye."

He slipped out the door, and found it still light outside. The sun had just
set over the mountains, but it would be over an hour before true night set in,
and he went in search of his friend. As large as the castle grounds were, it
wasn't hard to find someone nearly twice as tall as a normal man and furry as
a bear. All he had to do was follow the sound of whinnying horses the size of
small airplanes to the quidditch pitch and after that it was simple. He found
Hagrid rubbing down a horse, staring off into space dreamily. The rest of the
animals were eating up the pitch or snout deep barrels of a suspicious amber
liquid.

"Hagrid!" he called. The half giant turned his shaggy head towards him and let
out a great laugh.

"'Arry! Wha' ya doin 'ere? Why ain't you at the feast with the res' o the fine
folk?" he said with a wink, then laughed. "They crowd you out? Best keep a bit
'o space. These ladies don' like being crowded themselves."

Harry wisely did as he was told, and stayed close to the door way. It was too
small for any of them to squeeze through, but he couldn't help but wonder what
kept them from just flying away?

"*I* was just wondering what *you* were doing here."

"I sent you a note," Hagrid said, and looked a bit sheepish. "I suppose you
were too busy to reply."

"Hagrid, I would have been happy to have gotten a letter from you. It probably
didn't make it past the wards. Most of my mail doesn't."

"Ya mean ya ne'er got it?"

"I would have written you back if I had. I'm here right now, aren't I?"

Hagrid seemed to think about that, then grinned. "Ya are at that. And I'll be
hope'n to see more of you. I missed you back at the bestiary. I enjoyed our
lunches together."

"Me too, Hagrid. But what are you doing here to begin with?"

"Stable hand," he said, looking rather proud of it. "For the tourney. I'm
gonna help take care of the big animals, like these pretty girls."

He patted the horse's rump affectionately, and she stopped his foot with equal
enthusiasm. He barely even flinched.

"My boss didn't want ta let me go, but I told 'im to stick it in his ear... or
somethin' like that, anyway. Perhaps it'll make'm appreciate me more when I'm
not around. See how he does tak'n care of three headed dogs and* bandywols*
and *tubberdewiggins.*"

"Harry frowned. "Are they mistreating you, Hargrid?"

The half giant waved it off. "Nah. 'Course not. Things 'ave jus been a bit
tight. All these university brains coming up, want'n bigger paychecks for
reading so much its pushed their wits clean out of their heads."

They talked about work and life and interesting animals they had met and their
plans for the school year, but after a while Hagrid seemed to get distracted.
He was ready to say something several times, but then hesitated and started
talking about something else. At last, Harry decided to help him out.

"Is something bothering you?"

Hagrid's eyes widen in surprise, and he fidgeted a bit before saying, "No,
nothin's bother'n me. I'm happy as could be!"

"Mmm... well, then... was there something you wanted to ask me?"

"Ask you? I... well, maybe... um... maybe later? I feel a bit out o' sorts
bout it."

"Sure. I might be busy this weekend, but I should find some time during the
week."

"Aye, that'd work fine. I'll put on some tea and-"

"Potter!"

Professor Snape appeared out of the shadows on the other side of the pitch
walls, scowling in annoyance. Harry flinched. He had thought no one would
notice his absence with all the festivities and extra students, but apparently
he had been overly optimistic.

"Um... hi."

"Shut up, Potter. The Headmistress wants a word with you."

A feeling of dread settled over him. It had been a while since he had to deal
with the woman, and the fact that he was starting the school year in her
office didn't bode well for the rest of the year. He didn't get to dwell on it
for long, for Snape grabbed him by the collar of his robe and physically
dragged him back towards the castle. Harry managed a quick goodbye gesture
towards a dumbfounded Hagrid, and spent the rest of his trip back inside
trying not to loose his balance.

"Professor, please let go!"

"And have you take a detour with a boat ride across the lake?"

"I was just visiting a friend! I wasn't aware I had an *appointment*!"

"Five points from Gryffindor for wandering out of the castle without
permission and another five points for back talk. Keep it up, the night is
young."

Harry grimaced but wisely shut up. The professor was in a bad... *worse* mood
than usual, but the night had carried on long and it didn't appear as if it
was going to be ending any time soon. The irritated man finally let him go
when they reached the first set of stairs, and by the time they reached the
gargoyle guarding the headmistress' office, both had composed themselves into
strangely similar expressions of cool reserve.

"Wormwood," Snape muttered, and the staircase opened before them. They climbed
the stairs, and Harry took a moment to be darkly pleased at the empty case
that should have housed the Sword of Gryffindor. The moment was brief. He
couldn't spare any of his attention while in Lestrange's presence.

The headmistress was sitting behind her desk, looking pleased with herself.
This was rather alarming for Harry, and it became even more so when he noticed
that Natalie was sitting in one of the chairs.

"How good of you to join us," Lestrange said, smiling darkly. "I was starting
to worry that something might have happened to you."

"I'm touched my your concern," Harry said evenly, "I apologize if I
inconvenienced you."

"No, no. Ms. Cypher and I were just enjoying a little heart to heart. Witch to
witch."

"That's terrifying," he tried, then realized what he said, "... I mean,
terrific."

Natalie's stoic expression cracked for just an instant. Lestrange pretended
she hadn't noticed.

"Yes, well, have a seat, Mr. Potter. You've taken up enough of my valuable
time. Are you staying, Professor?"

"I am."

"Suit yourself. Mr. Potter, Ms. Cypher, it has come to my attention that you
both are fluent in German and French, respectively-"

Harry looked to Natalie, who ignored him, and wondered how he could have
missed that.

"- and have an abundance of free time this year. Therefore, I thought it would
be wise to apply your talents to the benefit of the school. I am enlisting you
as school liaisons to our foreign students. You will assist them in navigating
the school, sorting out their schedules, helping them through their studies,
and generally making them feel comfortable and welcome here at Hogwarts."

"You're turning us into servants?" Natalie said, indignantly. The headmistress
smiled cruelly.

"Of course not. Servants have the option of quitting." The headmistress
snapped her fingers, and a large folder fell on both their laps. "These are
their students files. Familiarize yourselves with them tonight. You will be
leading them on a tour of the castle tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock sharp, and
you would do well to know what interests them. I will be quite cross if one of
them should get into trouble because you neglected to mention something or
they forgot because they were too bored to listen."

"Honestly, wouldn't an older student be better for this? Most of these people
are six and seventh years. There has to be-"

"Forget it, Natalie," Harry said, not looking up from the file he was now
leafing through. "This was an order from higher up. There's no point in
arguing with the person who can't do anything about it."

His ex-girlfriend glared at him.

"Then who *should* I take my argument to, Oh Wise One?"

"Lord Voldemort, unless you actually have a sense of self preservation, then
I'd just take the job. Like you said, they're sixth and seventh years. After
we show them around, do you really think they'll come to *us* if they need
help with something?"

She didn't look any happier, but she was Slytherin enough to know when to keep
her mouth shut. If he was right, she'd be wasting her breath.

"Well, you seem to have the gist of it," Lestrange said, looking annoyed now,
which meant Harry had probably been spot on. "You should leave now."

The two fourth years and the potion's master didn't need to be told twice, and
left quickly. Once out of the office, Natalie turned to Harry.

"How did you know it was Voldemort who ordered it?"

"Because she'd have had to ask and then justify to him why she wanted me to
lead around a bunch of people from a country that tried to have me killed...
plus it explains why I got that job at the embassy. Practice," he explained.
This was the first time she'd talked to him since last year, and he hoped this
meant she was ready to forgive him, if only as a fellow victim. He was soon
disappointed.

"So it's *your* fault I'm stuck showing around those French snobs? It
figures."

She stomped off. Harry looked after her helplessly. He found himself looking
towards Snape for some sort of clue of what he should do, but the man just
arched his brow in a wordless 'your asking me'?

"Well, bollocks," he muttered.

Snape smirked and strode after her, but not before leaving him with, "And
another five points for foul language."

And really, he should have seen that coming.

---
---

Voldemort was enjoying a considerably better, or at least more productive,
evening in Hogsmeade with the foreign dignitaries. Most were far too self
important to cram themselves into the Great Hall with hundreds of children,
regardless of the occasion, and had opted to throw a little soirée of their
own. The garden park that had been cultivated over the summer was decorated in
canopies of of white silk and paper lanterns floated about in strategic
randomness, giving the evening a warm and elegant feel. There was a lot of
crystal champagne glasses, hors d'oeuvres made of strange cheeses, and
laughing at things that weren't funny. Journalists and photographers circles
the room, asking for quotes and pictures, and got them.

By tomorrow morning, the evening's events would be on the front page of every
newspaper from Britain to Japan. He was feeling quite pleased with himself,
which made it easier to smile through the French ambassador's asinine story
about her cousin's attempt to learn Elvish (which was impossible for even a
wizard since it required two sets of voice boxes and the ability to hear three
decibels above the range of hearing of a dog) and ignore her husbands
extremely poor English.

"But jokes aside," Ambassador Prideux, her accent nearly undetectable, "I
thinks its wonderful what you've managed to accomplish within the last five
years. The British economy is stronger than it's been in a hundred years, even
with the embargo, and your social reforms have been remarkably effective. His
Majesty is quite interested in your Community Service Obligation system in
particular."

"I am flattered," he lied easily, but couldn't help teasing her a bit. "If
he's impressed with the CSO program, perhaps he'd also be interested in our
Wizarding Youth Reclaimation Agency. I have to say, that is the one I'm most
proud of."

Ambassador Prideux's smile froze, and her gaze suddenly became evasive.
Inside, Voldemort cackled in delight. He'd thrown her into a frying pan with
only a fire to escape to. Whatever her personal feelings, she couldn't voice
her approval for WYRA and go against her country's popular (or at least more
public) opinion, nor could she object to it before Britain's ruler in the
middle of a peace mission.

"Ah, yes... well, it's certainly a unique idea," she fumbled, trying to
maintain her sophisticated demeanor.

He spared her further embarrassment, more for his own benefit than hers, and
continued, "Yes, but I understand it's not for everyone. Britain was facing a
critically low population in her magical communities after all, which I
understand isn't the case for most of Europe. Hopefully, programs like WYRA
will no longer be essential in a few decades."

Lies. Everything he said, utter lies, but she smiled in relief and not a small
bit of admiration. He wondered how she would look at him when his army marched
on Paris, and she realized the truth. Would she be afraid of him then or would
her admiration only grow? Women were strange and unpredictable creatures.

Schwartzmann was easier to read, but only because Voldemort understood his
motivations. The man had maintained the isolationist policy in Germany because
that was what the German Minister of Magic wanted, and the ambassador liked
his job. Now that the Minister was facing a re-election, his scramble to gain
some political clout fell to his studious lackey. Schwartzmann was a spineless
worm, bending and creeping through the political muck, and holding no strong
opinions about anything. At least he appeared to have the common sense to be
afraid of him, and the will power not to let it show. The man had been
discreetly avoiding him all night.

He'd get his claws into the man sooner or later, but for now he could afford
to be generous.

---
---

"Can you believe it? Why didn't they tell us!"

"Did you see their uniforms? Why can't we have uniforms like that?"

"I heard the pretty girl's name was Delacour. Fleur Delacour. I mean, wow,
even her name is pretty."

"Whose classes are they going to be in? Maybe they'll have their own teachers?
There were a couple of people at the teacher's table I didn't recognize."

"Merlin, that woman was *huge!*"

"Mom and dad are going to flip!"

"ALRIGHT, QUIET!"

The Hogwarts' Herald newsroom fell into an immediate hush, their eyes finding
their leader immediately. Horace McGunny ran a tight ship, and this wasn't the
first (although it might be the biggest) major event that he had led them
through. Composed and serious, he glared out at them with the nerve of a four
star general.

"Alright, listen up, we've got some major work to get done. I want the first
emergency issue out by Saturday night."

There were some groans, but he ignored them and continued.

"It won't be a full issue, but it's important we get out the general
information. Professor Toure had the courtesy to inform me of events in
advance, and I've gathered most of the information we'll need. Tournament
rules, schedule, history, etc as well as the list of the exchange students and
professors. I'll need four volunteers to help me format and print what I've
got, while the rest of you to get started on next Saturday's *full* issue.
Volunteers raise your hands."

Three people raised their hands. He turned to Ron Weasley, trying to avoid his
notice behind a seventh year photographer.

"Weasley, you're with us."

"Why me?" he groused, "Why don't you pick Granger? She's the one who skipped
out."

"Granger is performing prefect duties, and will be busy most of the weekend.
*You* on the other hand, still owe me two articles. Besides, everyone else
will be busy interviewing the new students, and you don't have the tact for
that."

Several people snickered, but stopped when he glared at them.

"Alright, people, assignments are on the board. If you get an idea for an
article, you know where to find me. I'll see you all tomorrow, 9 A.M. sharp."

The reporters and photographers and editors scrambled towards the news board,
where scraps of paper were dangling, listing jobs and interview and photo
assignments. It wasn't their usual system, which involved McGunny selecting a
person that best fit a job after painstaking consideration, but in situations
like these when they needed to get things done fast, it worked.

McGunny went to his desk, waiting for people with ideas and Granger. She
showed up in time for the board to empty, and half the staff had already left.
She approached his desk a bit sheepishly.

"Hey, sorry I'm late."

"No need to apologize. I saved you an assignment, and it's a good one."

He handed her a piece of paper that he had saved from the bulletin board melee
before hand. There was a name, a picture, and few general facts. It hadn't
originally been his intention to assign it to her, but something he had
witnessed in the Great Hall had given him the idea.

"His name is Viktor Krum. Bulgarian. He got into Durmstang on a quidditch
scholarship, but he's playing professionally now. Don't let that fool you
though. He's not just a dumb jock. He was top of his class three years in a
row, and is active in a lot of social causes. Muggleborn and squib rights seem
to be his favorites. Out of everyone, I think he's got the best shot at being
the Durmstang champion."

She scanned the sheet curiously, and that expression didn't change when she
looked back to him.

"Why are you giving this to me? Wouldn't O'Connelly or Cokesbury be better
suited?"

He shook his head.

"I need someone who is fair, objective, *and* sensitive. I know you can
appreciate how important it is that we don't insult the Durmstang champion."

"Oh... yes, I can understand that, but are you sure? I mean..."

He sighed in annoyance. "Granger, just have the rough draft to me by
Thursday."

"Okay." She ducked out of the news room quickly, and he rolled his eyes. He
hoped she didn't end up reciprocating Krum's obvious crush. It was bad enough
that he couldn't get anything about Potter out of her, it would be even worse
if she clammed up over the likely Durmstang champion. He'd have to play it by
ear. In the mean time, he had his own story he wanted to work on that had
nothing to do with Durmstang, Beauxbatons, or the Triwizard tournament.

It involved the subject of his recent curiosity and the many weird events that
seemed to revolve around him, not the least of which were the deaths of a
student and a teacher and the release of werewolves upon the entirety of
Britain.

Oh, yes, he was going to get some answers out of Harold James Potter if he had
to tie him to a chair and pour Verisaterum down his throat.
