# The Foreign Occupation

Harry did in fact see Hermione before she got to bed, and after they
related their individual assignments, they decided a little cooperation
might be beneficial. Harry let her look through his file notes on Krum
and offered to see if he couldn't set up a meeting between them, and
Hermione made him an outline for a tour around Hogwarts and tips on what
might interest or confuse them. He made a copy of it and had it
magically sent to Natalie with an apology note for getting her dragged
into Voldemort's weird political games. Even if it wasn't his fault.

He wasn't sure what to make of his situation in general. He would have
preferred being consulted first, but if asked to be a liaison he didn't
think he would have said no. While the situation put him in a
politically delicate situation, he couldn't help but admit that he was
curious. What was the wizarding world like outside of Britain? How did
they run things without a dictator?

Saturday morning, he woke up early with those questions running through
his head, and unable to sleep he took Inana out of her basket and took a
walk beside the lake. The Durmstang ship floated eerily in the distance,
a strange mist rising up where ever it drifted, and Harry decided at
some point he was definitely going to paint it. He let Inana loose to
hunt, and managed to chase down a breakfast of his own back at the
castle, before heading to the Durmstang Common Room.

He met with a bit of trouble along the way. He was on the second floor
of the new wing (looking surprisingly ancient considering it had been
destroyed and rebuilt last Christmas after Moody's attack), and on his
way down to the first when a very beautiful, and very irritated girl
stopped him in the hall.

"You zere!" she called, stalking towards him as if he were a criminal
preparing to flee. He had to admit he was increasingly tempted to run
away the closer she got. "Where are you going? Our dormitory is down zis
way! 'Onestly, 'ow can you show us around a castle when you don't even
know where you are going?"

He started to explain, but she grabbed his wrist suddenly to tug him
along. An incredible shock ran between them, and she dropped his wrist
and pulled away. There was a moment of dumbfounded incomprehension as
they stared soundlessly at each other, followed by a moment of
inexplicable embarrassment. Whatever had passed between them had been
magic of some sort, but not the kind typically practiced from books. Now
that he had a moment, he could smell magic coming off of her, similar to
what he felt around werewolves, but the animal was all wrong.

He wondered what she was.

Then realizing he might have just magically violated her on accident,
thought it better not to ask.

"Sorry," he said, "I think you've got the wrong person. I'm the
Durmstang guide."

Her awkwardness quickly vanished, and she let out an annoyed sigh.

"Then I will not bother you further. We shall entertain ourzelvez. Away
with you."

She made a dismissive gesture that Harry found rather insulting, but
decided to ignore. He really did need to get going if he didn't want to
be late. The Durmstang dormitories were easy to find. There were no
portraits to conceal the entrances' whereabouts, and the doors
themselves had been left open. There were only three girls amongst the
twenty-something Durmstang students (but whether that was because only
three girls had decided to come or there was just a disproportionate
number of boys to girls at Durmstrang or both Harry didn't know) and all
of them were lingering at the doorway to their separate rooms.

"Guten Morgen," he greeted politely.

They smiled back a bit shyly, and managed their own 'good mornings' with
varying levels of success.

"Good morning!" came a considerably more enthusiastic and masculine
greeting from the boy's dormitory. The voice's owner, a boy with wild
blond hair and a mouth meant for laughing, came out and Harry felt an
automatic compulsion to like him. There was something about the openness
of his expression that reminded Harry of the werewolves. "Hey, Viktor,
everyone! He's here!"

He turned back to the Gryffindor and gestured for him to come in. Harry
did, took one look around, and winced. It looked like the inside of a
pumpkin! The boy laughed.

"I'm glad we weren't the only ones who noticed. It's really not that
bad. Our dorms back home aren't decorated in anything except black or
gray. This is actually a rather cheerful change of pace."

"Sorry, I've never been in here before. They only finished
re-constructing this part of the castle over the summer."

"Re-constructing?"

"It got blown up."

The boy laughed again, until he realized Harry was serious. "No shit?
Hey, Viktor, you hear that?"

"I heard it, Jophery. I'm sure the Beauxbaton's students are wondering
what you're shouting about."

Harry's first impression of Viktor Krum was that he was Jophery's
opposite in every way. Where Jophery was amiable and boisterous, Krum
looked as inviting as Snape in a dark alley. Having read the
professional quidditch player's file, he couldn't help but feel a bit of
nervousness as he approached. This was Durmstang's most likely champion,
and if Harry got on his bad side, he couldn't be certain of the
consequences. And judging by the way all the other boys seemed to be
looking towards Krum for instruction on what to do next, it would also
determine how he got along with everyone else as well.

"Good morning," he tried experimentally.

Krum glowered at him for a long moment, measuring hims with his dark
eyes, before finally speaking.

"Good morning. We go now?"

Well, that wasn't *too* horrible.

"Um... yeah, if everyone is ready."

A quick glance around the room showed everyone was. Harry led the boys
out into the hall where the girls joined them. It suddenly became very
apparent to the Gryffindor that his job sucked. Every single one of the
Durmstang students, boys and girls both, were not only older, but also
taller than him. It gave him the very bad impression that they were
stalking him rather than following him, and he had to brutally crush his
instinct to run away very quickly. He knew the school inside and out, he
could bolt into a secret passageway and they'd never find him. Not the
best impression to leave them with, however.

"Um... okay, my name is Harry Potter, I'll be your guide, if you have
any questions or need any help with something, just ask me. I guess we
can start the tour right here..."

Hermione had gone over everything he should say, and more importantly
what he *shouldn't* say, when showing them all around. The 'shouldn't's
involved everyone who had died or been injured by typical Hogwart's
weirdness in the last couple of years, and anything about himself (which
mostly fell into the same category). With Krum standing beside him at
the front of the crowd, looking at him with his dark measuring gaze, he
thought perhaps the g-rated tour wasn't going to cut it.

"Alright, this part of the castle was destroyed last Christmas by an
escaped prisoner. Former Ministry of Magic Auror Alastor Moody murdered
a construction worker, assumed his identity, and planted bombs all over
the school intending to blow it all up when the students returned from
winter break. Luckily, he was discovered before then. Professor Vesper
Larousse and Professor Severus Snape managed to stop him from destroying
the school, but Professor Larousse was killed. This entire corridor was
collapsed during the battle except for a section of the tower that we're
heading towards now, which is named in her honor."

There was a startled silence amongst the students as they made their way
to the tower, but once they reached the stairs Krum, whose expression
hadn't changed, broke it.

"We have heard of this Alastor Moody, but not the story you speak of.
What I remember hearing was that Moody was killed vile trying to
assassinate a student."

He was being challenged, Harry realized quickly. Challenged to be honest
and confess his involvement in the matter. The only problem was that he
wasn't sure what would happen if he did or didn't. If he admitted he was
there, it would expose a weakness, a memory of things that still haunted
his dreams some nights. If he lied or dismissed the matter, they
wouldn't trust him. Of course, if he lied he wouldn't be worthy of their
trust, so that wasn't unreasonable. What they'd do if they didn't trust
him was anyone's guess.

He stopped on the tower stairs before a plaque.

IN HONOR OF

PROFESSOR VESPER LAROUSSE

WHO DIED PROTECTING THE SCHOOL AND ITS STUDENTS

FROM THE TERRORIST ALASTOR MOODY

Dec. 25, 19XX

"I was there when it happened," Harry said, pointedly looking at the
plaque. "The school was evacuated before Moody knew we were on to him,
but there were still people I cared about left behind. I went back for
them and Moody found us. We all would have died if it weren't for her
and Professor Snape. I don't know everything you've heard, and I don't
really care if you believe me, but that's the truth."

He turned away and walked up the stairs without looking back at them,
not wanting them to see his face until he could regain control of his
emotions. Sadness was only part of it. He resented them for bringing it
up. No one said anything while he struggled with it. He finally regained
control of his voice.

"If you look out the window, you can see Hogsmeade a few miles out. It's
normally not that big, but they have some interesting stores and pubs.
There is a Hogsmeade weekend scheduled once a month..."

---

The tour went much easier after that. Krum started asking questions once
they reached the moving staircases, which weren't exactly friendly but
didn't challenge him any further. Eventually everyone else started to
become curious and started asking questions as well. The Durmstang
students seemed rather stoic by nature, but even they couldn't help
express a bit of curiosity at all the wonder that was Hogwarts. It was a
long tour, there was a lot to see after all, but the last of it Harry
spent outside.

The Durmstang students soon had to strip off the outer layers of their
uniforms do to the heat, but no one complained or asked to go inside.
Here, several of the students remarked that the weather was remarkably
pleasant compared to their school, which Harry learned was founded by a
wizard prince, who slew an ice demon, and was consequently plagued by
winter where ever he went. Unable to live in populated cities or
anywhere near farms, the man had moved into the mountains and created a
school. This was very interesting to Harry, who decided to asked
Voldemort about demons the next time they met. It wouldn't do to kill
one and have say, a flood follow you around... or droughts or any number
of other natural disasters or phenomena.

At last, it was half past noon and Harry led everyone inside for lunch.
He waved at his friends, but ended up sitting with his group to answer
questions. The Beauxbaton's students were at the adjoining table,
looking exhausted and extremely nervous (particularly when they noticed
him looking at them), and back at the Slytherin table, Natalie was
looking smug. He wondered exactly what she had told them during her
tour. Some how he didn't think it was what had been on the outline he'd
sent her.

"You have a very interesting school," Krum said idly, assembling a
rather impressive butterbrot[^69-1] out of ingredients Harry hadn't seen
since he was eight. "There must be a lot of interesting people who study
here."

As it turned out, Krum wasn't really Snapish at all. With Snape you
could always tell that he hated you. With Krum you couldn't tell if he
hated you, liked you, and or even realized you were there unless he said
something.

"Oh, yeah, we've got all sorts of different people. I mean, the only
real requirement to get into the school is a higher than average magical
level, and that can show up anywhere and in anyone. Rich, poor,
pureblood, muggleborn, athletes, geniuses, anarchists, socialites... and
at least a few people who aren't entirely human. I think this one kid in
Ravenclaw is part wood elf."

"Muggleborns? I thought muggleborns were not permitted to attend
Hogwarts," Jophery said, looking surprised. Krum kicked him under the
chair.

"No, they're allowed, My best friend is a muggleborn. You just have to
take this really boring class the summer before you attend and pass an
exam, and then they let you in. Actually, I met a lot of my friends in
that class."

"Why would you be in that class? You're not a muggleborn," Jophery
pointed out. Krum kicked him again, this time harder. Harry shrugged,
pretending not to notice that they seemed to know certain things about
him. He wasn't surprised. They must have heard about him in the
newspapers or been told (warned) about him by someone like Schwartzmann,
just as they likely had been warned about Voldemort and the headmistress
and how he had been informed about them.

"I didn't know I was a wizard until I was ten, and I never knew about my
parents being magical until I started at Hogwarts. They raised me in
Germany as muggles, and after they died, I was raised by my mom's muggle
sister in Surrey who never said anything about it. So they stuck me in
the class once I'd tested with a high magical aptitude. Good thing too,
since I couldn't tell the difference between a ward and owlry before
that."

"Hmm..." Krum said, looking at him directly for the first time, " Tell
me, have you..."

Whatever he was going to ask faded on his tongue, and Harry looked over
at him to see what had happened. Krum's gaze wasn't on him, but caught
on something else. He turned to see and found Hermione heading towards
them with Colin Creevey at her heels. She gave them all her most
charming smile, before turning to Harry.

"Hi, Harry."

"Hey, Hermione," he said, then turned to the other students. "This is
Hermione Granger of Malfoy. She's with the school newspaper."

"Hello. I was wondering if we could get a picture."

Krum blinked in surprise, and came back to himself quickly.

"Ah, yes."

Harry moved out of the way and let Colin take their picture. He was
vaguely amused to note that it must not have been the custom where ever
they were from to smile in a picture, as they all glared fiercely. Just
out of hearing range, Hermione asked him how it was going.

"It's going alright. They're not as scary as they pretend to be."

"And did you ask Krum yet?"

"Not yet. I still haven't figured out if he's planning my demise or is
just disgruntled about his dorm room's color scheme."

She rolled her eyes. "Quit joking around. I'll be in the library for
most of the afternoon if you want me."

"Studying before we've even had a class yet?"

"There's a reason I'm the head of our grade and you're not."

"Yeah, probably having to do with an elaborate plot by Voldemort that
will end in the conquering of Europe."

"Just so you know, I've always wanted to own Belgium," she said, and
sauntered off. A moment later, Colin scurried after her. He went back to
the table to finish eating, and noticed Krum was still distracted. The
only way Harry could tell because his expression had softened from
stolid interogator to vapid school girl. It was a frightening change.

"Are you alright?"

"Hm?" the older boy started, composing himself into something closer to
a lost tourist but no where near recovered. "Yes, I am fine. Very fine.
That girl just now, that Her-mon-e Granger, is that your girl? She's
very lovely."

Harry choked on... absolutely nothing. It figured that *something* just
had to go wrong today.

"No..." he admitted reluctantly, "...she's not my girl. She's just my
friend, the one I mentioned before."

Jophery chuckled. "I wasn't aware a guy could be 'just friends' with a
girl."

"It's not that hard. A lot like getting along with a sister, I suppose,"
he said reasonably, ignoring the implication the other was making. With
some trepidation, he turned to Krum. "If you want to meet her, I can set
up an interview for the Hogwart's Herald with her."

"Oh, can I get an 'interview' too?!" asked Jophery, looking around the
great hall and landing on Angelina Johnson. "How about with her? She
looks very... inquisitive." He made a gesture with his eyebrows that had
Harry choking on absolutely nothing again.

"If I have to kick you again, my friend, it's going to be in the groin,"
Krum warned with a menacing glower. "And once will be enough."

"It was just an innocent suggestion," he said sulkily.

Harry shook his head and wondered if he shouldn't introduce Jophrey to
the Weasley twins. Then realized it probably would result in an
'international incident', especially if Fred learned about the Angelina
Johnson comment. Wars had probably been started over less.

---

Tom wandered the school on silent wings, avoiding being seen but not
particularly worried if he was. It would hardly be odd to see an owl,
even outside of the Great Hall and the owlry, within the castle. He'd
made a thorough exploration before the students had arrived to test the
limitations of his current form, and found there were surprisingly few.
The castle was designed to allow owls entry, and it still acknowledged
Tom as one of its students.

He'd originally taken up residence in the owlry, but soon decided it was
impractical, since the other birds there were scared of him and their
avoidance of him would draw more attention than his avoidance of them.
Now he lived in the Room of Requirement, and haunted the corridors of
the schools at his leisure.

He'd spent most of the morning following around the Beauxbaton's
students and the Cypher girl, which had been one of the most hilarious
experiences of his life.

"And this is were the last teacher died. Terrorist attack," Natalie said
with all the plastic cheer of a nursery school teacher. "Luckily, they
managed to find the rest of the magical explosives... at least they
*think* they did. They said they were *pretty* sure they did. Just in
case I wouldn't touch the walls if I were you..."

"When the weather is good, the lake is great for swimming and boating.
Just watch out for the giant squid... and the grindylows... and the
carnivorous lake weed..."

"No one is suppose to go into the Forbidden Forest, hence the name
*Forbidden*, but every so often something wanders into the school. Did I
tell you about the acrumantula? No? Good thing Potter killed it, or we'd
be over run with the things. They lay their eggs in their victims while
they're still alive, you know... Poor Sweetey, she was so young..."

So on and so forth, until no one felt safe enough to look around a
corner let alone open a door. The leader of the group, a part veela he
was certain, had been game at first, but after awhile even she looked
disturbed. Not enough that she was cowering, just enough to look like
she was questioning what exactly she had gotten herself into.

Of the entire lot, there had only been a handful of boys, but they
seemed to have been rich and well taken care of, which Tom was looking
for in his next body. He still wasn't entirely certain he wanted to
possess a foreigner, but the idea had certain benefits. One, he could
get out of the country and safely away from Voldemort to begin planning
a regime of his own. Two, he could eliminate his foreign enemies before
they even knew he was amongst them, chief among them Dumbledore and his
Order of the Perpetually Burning Peacock. Three, if he could somehow
take Harry with him, that would solve the problem of insuring the boy's
safety and allow him the opportunity to reveal his elder counterpart's
misdeeds against him. There was still the problem of being out of the
loop in Voldemort's plans of course, and that was one of the reasons he
hesitated. Possessing one of Voldemort's lackeys had benefits of its
own, and if he had to choose among them it would definitely be Snape. He
had both the Dark Lord's ear and authority over Harry. Snape would be
tricky, however, having both a strong will and being an accomplished
occlumens.

He had time to make up his mind. Opportunities would more than likely
present themselves, and he still hadn't examined the Durmstang boys.

He just had to be patient.

---

Viktor returned to his rooms, more than a little conflicted about the
day's events. He wasn't really surprised that Voldemort would send his
protégé to guide (spy on) them, but he had to say he was surprised by
the guy himself.

Harry Potter was a nice kid.

Not a miniature Dark Lord, not an evil incarnated into younger body, or
even just an arrogant prick. He was just an ordinary sort of kid. A
little nervous speaking in front of strangers, but obviously proud of
his school. Perhaps a little adventurous. He seemed to know quite a bit
about surrounding countryside and the secret passages and rooms in the
school. A little simple with his German, but then he hadn't really had a
reason to speak in six years. Nothing that gave him the impression that
the kid was hiding anything or faking.

There were reports that Potter could speak to snakes, killed a monster,
and commanded werewolves, but Viktor hadn't seen any evidence of it and
was growing increasingly skeptical. He seemed kind of small to be doing
those sorts of things.

He'd even set up an interview with his best friend, who he had been
convinced was his girlfriend by how closely they had sat together during
the Welcoming Feast. Apparently, Potter just happened to have friends
who were girls. Which was kind of odd to Viktor. At Durmstang, there
weren't very many girls, so the few that were there tended to get a
boyfriend and avoid the other boys, unless they were related somehow. As
annoying as Jophery's comments had been, he realized he had been
thinking along the same lines. It was just one thing among hundreds that
was different between Durmstang and Hogwarts, and he was starting to
feel the culture shock.

He really needed Dumbledore's encouragement and insight right now. The
man had tried to warn him that it would be difficult, not just because
of the mission, but because of the many distractions that would present
themselves. Viktor hadn't listened, convinced he had the discipline to
see things through, and he still believed that, it was just...

He hadn't expected the people to be nice. Or normal. Or in Hermione's
case... beautiful.

What had he gotten himself into?

"Hey, Viktor, I know we're living in the Room of Eternal Halloween, but
must you act like a vampire? You're brooding is bringing me down,"
Jophery chided. "Are you homesick or love sick or just plain sick? I
thought their sausage looked a little questionable at lunch."

"I'm fine. Just thinking about things. This place... isn't wat I
expected."

His friend looked a bit more sympathetic to that. They had both been
raised with the belief that Britain belonged to the devil and assumed
that meant it was inhabited by his demons and everywhere you went was
thunderstorms and lighting and dark shadowy places. And Voldemort... He
didn't seem particularly dangerous or evil, but of course they hadn't
gotten very close. He looked very much like a movie star. Potter looked
like his somewhat more awkward baby brother who you see occasionally
dragged into photos by happenstance. At least the Headmistress and the
Potions' Professor looked appropriately evil. It was so much easier when
they *looked* like they wanted to kill you.

"Don't worry about it. We just arrived. We'll figure things out as we
go. Nine months is a long time to pretend to be anything. If things
aren't on the up and up, they'll slip up. Otherwise, hey, the situation
isn't as bad as we thought. That's a good thing, Viktor. I think you
came in expecting the worst, but it's a not bad thing if that's not what
you find. Yeah?"

Viktor gave him a small smile. There were reasons he was friends with
Jophery, despite how annoying he could be and normally was. He was a
simple guy. He viewed things in simple terms. It was pretty hard to find
a situation in which you could confuse or manipulate him.

He was glad to have him here.

"Especially when it comes to the girls. British witches are *cute*. They
actually pluck their eyebrows here."

And at the same time...

---

Monday morning, Harry woke early with the rest of his dorm mates for
their first day of classes. He couldn't have been happier. As well as
things had gone this weekend with the Durmstang students, he was feeling
rather put upon by Sunday night. He had wanted to hang out with his
friends and settle into the dorm with everyone else, but instead found
himself at the beck and call of people just a little too old and little
too different for him to feel completely relaxed around. He liked them
for the most part, but they weren't really his friends.

With classes starting, he hoped this would mean they would find students
in their own classes to help them through the day, and he could focus on
his own endeavors.

"Good morning," Harry said, settling in beside Hermione at the breakfast
table. She looked as if she had been there for hours already, reading
her History of Magic text for their first period class. Clyde stumbled
into a nearby seat, and looked like he wouldn't be awake until after
that class was finished. Of course, both instances were fairly typical
for both of them.

"Good morning," she replied cheerfully.

"Geerrr meehhhh..." Clyde... said.

Ginny came up behind him and slapped him upside the head.

"I didn't know you'd taken Trollish over the summer," she quipped, and
he just glared at her nastily. "Hey Hermione, hey Harry."

"Hey, Ginny, did you get your books in time?"

"I did, but I heard some of the sixth and seventh year girls complain
that they didn't. They're supposed to get them by the end of the week
though, so hopefully the teachers will cut them some slack."

"Hmm, maybe I should write an article about that," Hermione said
thoughtfully, "... as a warning not to try and get your school supplies
last minute. By sixth year, they really ought to know better."

"If they've never had a problem by the time their sixth years, it
shouldn't really be a common problem," Ginny pointed out, and headed
over towards the rest of her yearmates.

"She got you there. Besides, you have your interview on Krum," he
reminded her. "4 o'clock in the library."

"I know, I know. Thanks by the way."

"That's what friends are for... just don't tell Draco about this. I
think he might turn me into newt if he found out I set you up with a
guy."

She rolled her eyes. "You didn't 'set me up'. This isn't a date. It's an
interview. A perfectly professional interview."

"Mmm... well that's a relief... just don't tell Draco about it."

The day was long, as it usually was for the first day of classes, and
rather boring. Most of the foreign students were fifth years or older,
so they saw only two or three of them at their core classes. They had
History of Magic, Herbology, and just before lunch Dark Arts and
Defense. Professor Oblitz was not as bad as Professor McNair, but he
wasn't nearly as fun as Larousse had been either. He was rather like
Professor Snape, except he cussed when he grew impatient (which didn't
take long), and he didn't seem to trust turning his back to the
students. Also like Snape, he didn't dither about on the first day, just
handed out a syllabus and started teaching like they'd been doing it for
months.

"Der are many dark creatures that inhabit forests, and dey have killed
many people, magical and non-magical alike, but perhaps the most
sinister of dese creatures are the vones dat make demselves comfortable
around people and der settlements..." he lectured from behind his
podium. On a table beside him wasa large box-shaped object covered in a
tarp, which he finally removed. The box was made of glass, and inside
was what looked like the skin of some sort of large black animal, but it
moved around as if their was something still beneath it.

"Dis is a lethifold, perhaps the most infamous of the 'domesticated'
monsters. Originally from tropical Africa, it made its vay into South
America, the Caribbean, and parts of da Mediterranean on slave ships
during da last five hundred years, aldough recent efforts to remove dem
have been met with some success. Dese creatures are most closely related
to snakes, but only about as much, as say, a dragon vould be. Most
importantly, dey feed only on humans, often infants, aldough dey are
capable of eating fully grown men. Dey come upon der victim vile dey are
sleeping, smother dem, and den eat dem whole."

There was a collective shiver across the classroom as they looked at the
shapeless thing. They couldn't see any teeth, but neither could they see
a head or any part of the thing that might actually be vulnerable to
attack. Harry was rather reminded of the day he'd inadvertently attacked
his cousin with his bed sheets, which looking back was pretty funny...
or had been until now. It really didn't sound like a pleasant way to
die... if there was such a thing.

"Lethifolds are fire resistant, but vill burn under extreme
temperatures. However, as dey tend to be found in villages and hovels,
it is generally a bad idea to set dem on fire. Most experts agree dat a
Patronus Charm is by far da most effective defense and offense against
dem, but is difficult to master. The Patronus Charm is a deterrent for
many dark creatures, so I expect all of you to be able to create one by
midterm. I suggest you start practicing now. The first person to master
it vill earn twenty points for der House. For now, I expect a two foot
essay on da Patronus Charm and da creatures it can be used against, due
Friday. Dismissed."

There was a unified groan. No one liked essays on the first day of
class, particularly two foot long ones. Hermione was, naturally,
ecstatic. Of course, she hadn't noticed the weird way Oblitz had been
watching Harry the entire class period, even if he hadn't *said*
anything to him. Harry had gotten the distinct impression that the
German professor was daring him to perform the Patronus Charm first.

This of course, made Harry want to rise to the challenge... and then not
to. He wasn't sure what would happen if he did succeed after all. What
was Oblitz looking for? Confirmation that he was a powerful wizard? That
he was as evil as the Dark Lord?

He decided to ask for some advice before he did anything rash. Luckily,
he had Potions just after lunch.

---

"I need advice," Harry said after potions class. It had been a fairly
typical class, except for the fact that their first assignment was a two
and a half foot essay on potions that didn't require boiling (Harry
suspected Snape was now in direct competition with Oblitz which sort of
suited his own purposes just fine). Everyone had left quickly, except
for Harry, and in a bad mood, except of course for Hermione.

Snape didn't even bother looking away from the board he was currently
writing on for the next period. "You have a Head of House, Mr. Potter,
and despite what you may have heard, it isn't *me*."

"It's political," Harry tried.

Snape just snorted.

"It's about Professor Oblitz," he tried again.

This time he got a glance, and no sarcastic sounds. He took that as a
sign to continue.

"He's having the class learn the Patronus Charm, and set a challenge to
give twenty points to whoever gets it first."

Now Snape gave him a full out glower. "Are you asking my *permission* to
show off?"

"No! I just... I get this weird feeling he was challenging *me*to do
it."

"What gave your inflated ego that impression?"

"He was looking at me when he said it."

Snape considered, then seemed to dismiss it, then reconsidered it again.

"Play dumb...er. Wait until my goddaughter and Draco get it first, then
pretend they taught you how. If this is in fact a ... *test*, it's one
to test your potential. This could be simple curiosity on Oblitz's part,
but it could still be used by those hostile towards you. A measure of
your strengths and weaknesses."

Harry nodded. He had been more worried about Dumbledore sending another
assassin, but Snape's assessment seemed more likely. And ironically more
optimistic.

"This advice applies to your new foreign friends, as well. Don't lie
directly, but avoid demonstrating any of your... unusual... talents. If
the political situation changes, I don't want them taking information
that might be used against us with them to our enemies. Is that
understood?"

Well, that was more disturbing. The other students didn't strike him as
spies... but then again if you could tell a person was a spy they must
be pretty lousy at their job. But still, they were just kids like him...
which thinking about it like that made the possibility of international
intrigue seem more plausible.

"Yes, sir."

"Then go, before people start implying weird things... like we get
along."

"Or I'm a masochist."

Snape lifted a curious brow.

"Who taught you that word?"

"... You did."

Curiosity turned to annoyance.

"... Go."

He left.

---

[^69-1]: A butterbrot (at least as I understand it) is German equivalent of a
sandwich, except they're not really the same thing. Different sort of
bread, different types of ingredients (although sandwiches are pretty
versatile so perhaps they really are alike).
