# Advisors

Harry had plans to meet his friends in Hogsmeade for lunch, but he had to
swing by the Dark Lord's office first, like he said he would. He took a
circuitous route to the man's private tower to avoid the other students, and
was almost successful.

Almost.

He climbed out of a secret passageway hidden behind a tapestry and found
himself face to face with Fleur Delacour sitting on a bench, waiting for him.

"I came by Gryffindor Tower earlier," she explained, "But your friends zed you
'ad already left."

"Oh... how did you know I'd be here?"

"You weren't in ze Great Hall for breakfast, zo when I azt Natalie, she zed
you were probably 'aving breakfast with Lord Voldemort. I admit, I zought you
would be coming from the other direction."

He smiled a bit. She smiled back. They had no idea what to say to each other.

"How are you feeling?" he tried, though she looked as beautiful as ever. In
fact, she looked even better that she had. Before, she had seemed rather
depressed and mopey, but today she practically glowing.

"I feel good. 'Ow about you? I heard you were stuck in ze lake for an 'our."

He shrugged. "Fine. Snape made be drink a bunch of potions so I wouldn't get
sick. Can't have the hero sneezing into the camera lens. It sort of ruins the
affect."

Her gaze droped, and he realized how insensitive that was. It wasn't her fault
his weekend was shot to hell. Not really.

"I'm sorry, that didn't come out how I meant."

She shook her head. "It is alright. It wasn't much fun for me either. I just
wanted you to know, I appreciate what you did for me. I don't remember ze
rescue myzelf, but Madam Maxime zed you zaved my life."

Now he ducked his head, shyly. "Not really. I found you, but Bill got you
breathing."

"Such a modest chevalier," she said, and leaned forward, kissing him on the
cheek. He felt his ears burn, but it still felt... nice. Up close her skin was
perfect, her touch soft, her scent was that of lilacs and lavender. "Zank you,
'Arry. I promise I'll find a way of repaying you zomeday."

"You don't have to," he said, still not quite able to look at her directly.
Everyone had told him how beautiful she was, but he'd honestly been too busy
to notice until now. She tapped him on the nose with her finger, cause him to
look at her instinctively. Her smile was playful.

"It is a matter of 'onor. As one chevalier to another, you should understand."

He did. Honor was about behaving in a way that would allow you to respect
yourself. At least, that was how Sirius and Remus had described it, and since
he respected them, he trusted their judgment on the matter. In this case, that
meant repaying those who had done right by you. He nodded.

She turned to go. "'Ave fun with your friends, 'Arry."

"See you later, Fleur."

They shared a knowing smile, turned away from each other, and walked in
opposite directions.

---
---

"The press interview is at six-thirty, Sunday. Dinner starts at seven,"
Voldemort said by way of greeting, as Harry stepped into the office. He
blinked, looked around to make sure he hadn't walked in during the middle of a
conversation with someone else, and then back at the Dark Lord.

"Good morning to you too. I slept great. Thanks for asking."

The dark wizard rolled his eyes.

"Since both events are Ambassador Schwartzmann's house in Hogsmeade, I'm
letting Professor Snape stay behind and will escort you there myself. I expect
you to be appropriately attired and waiting at the entryway by six-fifteen.
I've made an appointment for you at Madam Malkins at two. She'll know what you
need."

Harry made a 'blah' face. "Do I really need *more* clothes? I can't fit what
I've got in my trunk anymore."

Voldemort thought that fairly typical of most teenagers, but refrained from
pointing it out. There was no reason to let the boy think he wasn't being
spoiled.

"You have grown since the last dinner parties, and I want you looking your
best. What do you care anyway? I'm paying for them."

That earned him a suspicious look.

"Are you sure it's not just being added to my student debt?"

"What is with you? You were full of snark yesterday too. You've been cynical
and unpleasant since I came back. Did I do something to actually annoy you or
has Snape's charm finally started to rub off on you?"

Harry let out a huff. "Sorry. I don't mean to take it out on you... well,
maybe I do. You seem to be benefiting from my ruined weekend, so yes, that is
kind of annoying."

The Dark Lord had the audacity to grin at that. "As long as you can curb the
sarcasm tomorrow evening, I suppose I'll let it slide. We'll be seeing each
other regularly this year, and I'd rather keep things pleasant."

Feeling silly for being such a grouch, the Gryffindor nodded in agreement.
There wasn't any point to starting fights with the Dark Lord. The man was his
guide through this political mire, and as long as he had his back, Harry knew
he could get through it relatively unscathed. As long as no one tried to kill
him, of course.

"You're right. Sorry."

Voldemort made a dismissive gesture and walked over to one of his bookcases.
"I have something for you. I meant to give it to you yesterday, but it didn't
seem appropriate after what had happened."

He pulled a medium sized tome from his collection, and handed it to his
protégé. Harry studied it curiously. It was very old, with dark brown leather,
and bronze fixtures turned black with age. There was no title on the book, but
a abstract rendering of a very pregnant, naked woman was set in bronze on the
cover. He ran his fingers over the image. It tingled with magic.

"Is that the Earth Goddess?" he asked, sensing the truth.

"One of her more popular representations, yes. This is *The* *Book of a
Thousand Gods*. It holds the names and descriptions of exactly one thousand of
the most powerful of the pagan gods in Britain, including Ireland and Iceland.
At least the most powerful ones there were twelve hundred years ago."

Harry gave him a horrified look. "Don't tell me you expect me to learn *all*
of them."

Voldemort burst out laughing. "Of course not. You're old enough to start
thinking about what deities you are going to pay homage to. Gods whose
knowledge and skills you desire, whose ideals you respect, and whose
protection is the strongest. Skim through each deity. If you find one that
interests you, write down their name, and I will try to find more materials on
them for you."

It was difficult to know how to feel about the book. On one hand, it was going
to play an important role in his life as a pagan, perhaps determining the path
his magic would follow. On the other hand, it was a reminder that he didn't
have the option of turning away from his current path. From what he had
learned from Teacher Brennan and what Voldemort had implied, he was going to
need some divine help if he didn't want to wake up one day to find an evil
spirit feasting on his liver.

"Thanks."

---
---

Viktor walked through Hogsmeade under a Notice-Me-Not charm, sticking to back
alleys when he could. If anyone had actually noticed him, he would have said
he was avoiding the reporters stalking the town, but truthfully he would have
cast the spell on himself even if the reporters weren't there.

He needed to talk to Dumbledore, and he needed to do it alone.

---
---

Tom circled the village like a buzzard, keeping track of his prey's every
movement. Even under the anti-surveillance charm, he could follow the boy's
movements easily. He wasn't going to let him get away.

It had taken him a while to make his decision, but Oblitz's little act of
subterfuge had cinched it. The Germans were on the offense, and that meant the
situation at Hogwarts had become a lot more dangerous and unpredictable than
he had originally thought. Opportunity was the bastard child of chaos, and he
was feeling paternal.

If Durmstang was planning an attack, he wanted to be a part of it, and assure
that his own goals were realized in the process. The first goal being to kill
Voldemort and the second to secure Harry. Krum was perfectly positioned for
both of these goals. Krum was a part of the German's plans, he was certain of
that. If he managed to kill Voldemort, who was going to reprimand him? And
when that dragon was finally woken, he was going to take Harry and escape to
Germany. It wouldn't be hard to find an excuse.

Once in Europe, he would hunt down those most likely to oppose him, and kill
them before they realized what he was doing. Dumbledore would be the first on
his list, but he could think of at least a dozen others who would soon follow.
Then he would use Krum's celebrity status as a means to gain supporters, and
eventually take back Britain.

Harry would be safely tucked away in Durmstang or Beauxbatons for another
three years, which gave Tom some time to figure out what to do with him. He
was a clever boy with growing potential that he had no intention of hindering.

If he somehow missed his chance to kill the Dark Lord before leaving, well, he
knew his secrets. He'd find a means to destroy him eventually, and if he
couldn't do that from Europe he would simply abandon Viktor's body and find
another in Britain.

His options were almost limitless.

---
---

McGunny went down to Hogsmeade to sulk. He told his few staff members back at
the castle that he wanted to get some interviews from the students about the
tournament, but he didn't actually talk to anyone. Potter wasn't being
cooperative, and he was admittedly depressed.

He needed somewhere to think, and gather his thoughts. Going somewhere new
usually helped to inspire him, and as changed as Hogsmeade was this year, it
qualified.

And inspiration came, by mere happenstance, by a door opening out of the
corner of his eye just as he passed an alley. The door itself was not
particularly interesting, looking as drab as most side doors did with trash
bins and empty pallets lining either side of it, and he would have over looked
it even being opened if it weren't for the sound of a glass bottle falling
over and shattering drawing his attention. He pulled back behind a wall on
instinct, and felt silly for it. He peeked back down the alley, hoping no one
had seen his skittishness, and it looked empty of people at first glance.

But the door was open, and it was a cool day, and that just struck McGunny as
kind of odd. He stared expectantly at the opening, thinking someone was going
to step out, but after a few second of concentration he became aware that
Viktor Krum was standing in plain sight.

*Notice-Me-Not*, McGunny realized, and was instantly intrigued. *Now why would you need that particular charm, I wonder?*

The Durmstang Champion made a quick look around to see if anyone had noticed
him, but seeing no one, quickly ducked inside. McGunny made his own brief scan
of the area, and followed after him.

---
---

Tom mentally cursed when he spotted the school newspaper editor. The alleyway
would have been the perfect place to strike, but he couldn't afford witnesses.
Particularly, not busybody reporters. At the same time, he couldn't allow
McGunny to uncover anything suspicious Krum might be doing and blow the boy's
cover. There were still some things that needed to be done before Tom was
ready to leave the country.

So when McGunny opened the door to follow Krum, Tom dove in after him,
smashing the boy in the back and knocking him down the stairs. The Silencing
Charm the Ravenclaw had cast to cover his entry, worked in Tom's favor, muting
the slamming of the door behind them and the crash of McGunny's fall. The boy
lay in a heap at the bottom of the stairs, and did not move.

Tom fluttered awkwardly in place for a moment, then landed beside him to see
if he was alive. McGunny stilled breathed, but was unconscious, which was ever
so convenient. A missing person would rouse just as much suspicion as a person
with a story.

But now he couldn't turn back. He had to find Krum and take possession of his
body before he found McGunny and panicked or McGunny woke up and ran to tell
the nearest Sentinel what had happened.

He rotated his head, surveying the situation he had gotten himself into. A
single light bulb illuminated the stairs, and gradually faded off into the
surround gloom. They were in a large cellar, rows upon rows of shelves stacked
with canned and jarred goods, dusty mason jars, boxes of nails, old toys, and
empty baskets and layers of dust on the ground. Krum was nowhere in sight.

With a powerful flap of his wings, he took flight, breaking free of the
magical silence and moving towards the other end of the cellar. He dropped
onto the top corner of a shelf. There was yet another door, cracked open just
a bit. A sign was hung on the door, reading 'Furnace', and a warm glow and
heat emanating out of it seemed to correspond with that statement.

From inside, Tom could hear voices.

---
---

"I'm sorry," Viktor said, staring into the furnace. It was a monstrously large
thing, with an ugly leer, and the tendency to belch fire at him if he got too
close. The entire room was boiling hot, and he was already starting to sweat.
"I just needed to talk to someone. I needed to regain my perspective."

From within the furnace's mouth, the pile of coals and embers glowed, forming
a kindly face that you would have missed completely unless you were looking
directly at it.

"It's quite alright, Viktor. I'm happy to hear from you, whatever the reason.
How is Hogwarts treating you? Have you been learning any interesting things?"
the elderly wizard asked conversationally. The boy nearly rolled his eyes, but
settled for a snort.

"Hn. I guess you could say dat. I tink I'm learning too many dings, about dis
place and dese people, and I don't know vat to do about it. I'm *scared* for
dem. I feel like I'm dragging dem into a var dey don't deserve."

"Few people *deserve* war," Dumbledore said, "And I don't wish it even on
those who do, but a battle *is* coming. One way or another, Voldemort will
find a way, and I pity our enemies as much as our allies when that day comes,
but for everyone's sake we cannot fail. We failed in the first war against
him, and if we fail a second time there will be suffering on a level the world
has never seen."

Viktor shook his head. "But dat isn't vat I see here," he said, his voice
filled with despair. "I don't see suffering like you're talking about.
Everyone here is looking forward to der future, and dat future doesn't factor
in var. They just vant to be vith derr families, go to college, get jobs, fall
in love. If everything is as bad as you say, vy isn't everyone here
miserable?"

"Aahh..." Dumbledore said, his expression understanding. "You think because
you haven't seen it, that it isn't there? That is didn't happen? You know
better. You've met refugees before, you've heard their stories. Those children
at your school are not cruel, but they *are* sheltered. Their magical ability
has marked them as the elite of Voldemort's society, and they are coddled and
protected and nurtured so that they, the most powerful and educated, may re-
enforce the regime that they associate with the happiness of their youth.
Their good intentions, the preservation of a way of life they've become
accustomed to, will be the downfall of hundreds, maybe thousands of others."

Viktor said nothing, feeling the truth of the elder wizards words. It was
true. He had volunteered in the refugee camps, the ghettos, the slums where
witches and wizards had fled with only their clothes on their back to escape
death or worse to foreign countries unprepared to shelter them. He'd seen the
cripples, the widows and orphans, the lone survivors, and each had their tale
to tell. Tales of horror, murder, rape, torture, casual cruelty, and
desperation. He had seen grown men weep, children curse the world, and women
stripped of their kindness and trust.

And those were the survivors, if they could be called that.

He couldn't forget about them. Not now, not when he could help prevent
Voldemort's sickness from spreading.

"I am not asking you to hate them," Dumbledore continued, "Though it will
cause you much pain, an open heart is a blessing and I hope you can hold on to
that till your dying day. I just want you to remember, what you see is not
always truth, and what is truth is not always seen."

Viktor nodded.

"Yes, I tink I understand. Dank you."

"You are quite welcome, my boy. Now, tell me how the challenge went? I heard
you won. Congratulations!"

The Durmstang Champion smiled just a bit and shook his head.

"Barely. I tink Delacour might have beaten me if it veren't for da accident.
Did dey tell you about dat?"

"Yes, I have received extensive reports about what happened with the squid. I
hope she is alright?"

"She seemed fine dis morning. She vas lucky Potter vas dere. He saved her
life, but just barely."

"Yes, quite fortunate. I trust Potter got through it no worse for wear?"

"Dere vas some complication in actually getting him out of da lake, but he
seems fine. I haven't seen or heard from him since den, though. Da kid is
crazy. Brave, but crazy. I'm starting to believe some of da stories I've heard
about him."

"Well, wouldn't that be something?" the old wizard chuckled.

"It vould certainly make for interesting conversa-"

There was a shift of air, the barest brush of cool air against his sweaty
neck. Viktor ducked instinctively, his wand practically jumping into his hand,
and rolled to the side. Something large flew over his head, and he rolled
again.

"*Stupify!*"

The spell struck true, and there was panicked screech and flurry of feathers,
before his target collapsed to the floor weakly. Viktor cast a Lighting Charm
to get a better look at what he had hit.

"Viktor? *Viktor?* Are you all right?" Dumbledore called from the furnace.

"I'm fine. It vas just an owl."

"An owl, you say? Is anyone else there?"

Viktor peeked outside the furnace room, but saw no one and heard nothing. He
cast a quick charm to light the room, but there was still no one in sight. He
stepped back inside.

"No, I tink it vas just da bird. It must have been hunting mice down here."

"Did you see it when you came in?"

"No, I... vait... I tink I've seen dis owl before."

"Where? Does it belong to someone at the school?"

"I don't know. I don't tink so. But I'm pretty sure I've seen it once before,
outside the DA&D classroom."

The silence that followed left Viktor increasingly uneasy. Was this owl one
that Dumbledore recognized? Some sort of spy or guardian?

"... I want you send it to me," Dumbledore said at last.

"Vat are you tinking?"

"I doubt it's anything, but we can't afford to be careless. I'll check it
over. It should only take a day. Come back tomorrow night, after the dinner.
Until then, be extra alert."

"Yes, sir. I'm sending it now."

Viktor pulled a small silver star from his pocket, and placed it on the owl's
chest. The bird continued to lay sprawled on the ground, taloned feet groping
futilely at the air. He tapped the star with his wand.

"*Porticulus.*"

There was another panicky screech, cut off mid way through as the owl was
portkeyed away to Dumbledore's waiting hands. Viktor swept the cellar for any
surveillance spells or evidence that someone unauthorized had been down there,
but found nothing.

---
---

Ron glowered across Madame Pudifoot's at his brother and Fleur laughing over a
meal they had barely touched, and wanting to punch one of them. He wasn't
entirely sure which one.

"Will you stop that?" Ginny begged, looking mortified. "You're going to creep
people out if you don't stop watching them like some sort of stalker."

He turned his glare on her, but she just smiled, completely immune.

"Much better. Hurry up, and eat your ice cream. We can't be late or we'll miss
the Floo to Madam Malkin's."

"Merlin, you're a nag," he muttered. "As if I'm going to that hag's shop and
watching you turn Potter into a queer."

"Dressing in nice clothes does not make someone queer!" Ginny said
indignantly.

"Don't mind him," Draco said, sounding bored. "Something got his knickers in a
twist. Jealous your brother got the girl?"

"Bloody hell, *no!* It's disgusting what they're doing. Contorting together
like they're best friends. Fuck, it makes me sick."

Hermione gave him a shriveling stare. "I think you mean 'cavorting', and what
are babbling about? I think they're cute."

"You would."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"Well, it's not like you're any better. Ever since *Viktor* showed up, you've
turned into such a-"

"If you value your life, I would be *very* careful how you end that sentence,"
Harry snapped. "Why shouldn't we get along with them? They're foreigners, not
lepers."

"What the hell do leopards have to do with this, Potter? And it's nothing to
do with them being foreigners. They're *competition!* Did you forget that in
the middle of your hero routine? And you know what? Right now, Delacour is
buttering up my stupid brother so she can pump him for information. Just
watch, next challenge she's going to blow everyone else out of the water, and
all because she bats her eyes at him and turns his brains to mush."

There were several eye rolls around the table. "God, Ron," Clyde said,
pointing his spoon at him accusingly, "She's just thanking Bill for saving
her. If she weren't, then you'd be calling her an ungrateful so-and-so. You're
just being nasty to be nasty."

But Ron wouldn't be deterred.

"If she were just being grateful, then why the hell isn't she over here
laughing at Potter's stupid jokes? *He* did more than Bill, but she hasn't
even looked this way."

"Oh, she already thanked me," Harry said absently. "I got a kiss too."

Everyone turned to him, eyes wide. "On the cheek! It was just on the cheek,"
he promised, a little weirded out. It wasn't like she'd promised to have his
babies or anything.

"Forget it," Ron snarled, and got up. "You're all completely missing the
point. I can't talk to you when you're all being this thick."

He stormed off, leaving everyone else exasperated or annoyed.

"Well, honestly," Hermione said, "What is his problem? Why did he come if he
just wanted to gripe at us?"

"Because gripping to himself would label him a loon?" Harry offered.

"No," Ginny sighed, "He just wanted free ice cream. You do realize he left
without paying, don't you?"

"Oh, he's going to be paying for it," Draco said, clearly annoyed. He'd have
to foot the bill after all, since he'd been the one to invite the little
ingrate. "Out of his hide when I catch up to him."

At least the conversation turned more pleasant after that. They caught up on
what everyone had been doing in the last month, gossiped about what other
people were doing, and what they all hoped to be doing. There wasn't much talk
about what Harry had done the day before, for which he was grateful. After
being scolded by Snape, McGonagal, *and* Hermione, he was sick of discussing
it. The few times it was mentioned was in reference to the dinner party and
his appointment at Madam Malkin's, which everyone agreed they should accompany
him to.

He had originally invited Ginny as his 'fashion consultant', who had been
utterly delighted and asked to bring her new French friend, Aimee Anatole.
This in turned had resulted in Clyde inviting himself, saying they'd put Harry
in a dress if someone wasn't there keep them in check. Hermione asked to come
along simply because she didn't feel like wandering Hogsmeade alone, and Draco
naturally decided to follow her. They'd all gone to get sweets before heading
out, and somehow Ron had ended up there as well. Harry still wasn't sure how.

Ginny's friend, Aimee, a fourth year, was a petite little pixie, but carried
herself like she was the biggest, most important person in the room. She
greeted Ginny with a hug and a kiss to both cheeks, and even kissed Clyde's
cheek when he teasingly asked for one too. Gushing over Harry like he was a
puppy, she pushed him inside and hurried him towards the floo.

"'Urry! Urry! We 'ave much to do!" she crooned. "Ginerva and I 'ave been
waiting for zis chance, and we will not let it pass!"

Harry managed a surprised look at Ginny, who blinked at him innocently as if
she had no idea what the other girl was talking about. They squeezed pass the
other patrons, Harry smiling awkwardly as complete strangers patted him on the
back and raised their drinks to him and shouted things at him like 'to a real
bone fide hero' or 'way to go, Potter'! A Sentinel met them at the floo, gave
Harry's friends an annoyed look, but let them through at his request.

The shop was empty but for another Sentinel, a tailor, and Madam Malkin
herself.

"Welcome back, Mr. Potter!" the woman greeted enthusiastically, coming forward
to shake his hand. "It is so good-"

Aimee was too impatient for formalities, however, and wasted no more time.
Taking Ginny in one hand, Madam Malkin in another, she took them aside. She
pulled out a little book from her robe pocket, enlarged it, and opened it to
show the shop matron.

"We were thinking something like this. Clean lines and sharp angles, just a
little bit of color, but nothing garish. Simple and classy, with a modern
twist," Aimee said, pointing at the book.

Madam Malkin blinked at the girl, caught off guard by her authoritative
behavior. She turned to Harry for some clue as to who or what she was. Harry
gave her a sympathetic smile.

"Miss Anatole and Miss Weasley are my fashion advisors. I trust their
judgment," he said, though really he only trusted Ginny's. He didn't know
Aimee at all, and had to hope she had some sense, or at least that Ginny
wouldn't let her get carried away.

The seamstress turned back to the picture.

"Yes, I think I can do this. Why don't you come this way and select the
materials?"

The three disappeared into one of the shop back rooms, and Harry turned back
to his friends, wondering if this had been such a good idea. Clyde was the
first to say it.

"You're doomed."

---
---

Clyde's dismal foretelling hadn't amounted to anything, luckily. There had
been some tense moments when Ginny and Aimee had started bickering about
accent colors and how sharp of an angle they wanted cut, but luckily Madam
Malkin had enough experience to know what would work best and this tailor
wasn't nearly as dodgey with a needle as his last one.

The outfit turned out well.

At least, he hoped it did. Everyone had said he looked great, even Clyde, but
Harry was still feeling a little nervous as he got ready in front of the
mirror in his dorm room. The clothes were different from his usual, even
different from his old clothes, and he couldn't tell if they were too plain or
too fine for the dinner tonight. He also thought they made him look short and
skinny, younger than he would have liked. In other words very much like his
skinny, little fourteen year-old self.

"You know, if you don't stop it, I'm going to have to agree with Ron. They
turned you into a queer," Clyde said. He was laying on his bed, flipping
through a quidditch magazine (or possibly porn, Harry was afraid to ask),
while Harry struggled to feel comfortable.

"Oh, shut up. I just... I hate interviews. They all look at you and judge you,
and you know what ever they think they'll write down and then thousands of
other people are going to think the same thing. I don't want them thinking I
look like a dork."

"You look fine."

"I look *short*."

Clyde burst out laughing. "You *are* short."

Harry stuck his tongue out at him. There really wasn't any point in delaying
things at this point. Voldemort would be at the entrance soon, and he wasn't
about ready to try to find something else to wear. He grabbed a cloak, and put
it on, not wanting to attract any more attention than necessary and left.

The school champions were already there when he arrived, along with their
headmistresses and headmaster. He hesitated when they all turned to him at
once, looking at him as if they had never seen him before, or more likely that
they were really seeing him for the first time. He squared his shoulders and
kept moving forward.

"Good evening," he said, cautiously. Fleur came up to him, smiling cheerfully,
and took the corners openings of his cloak and pulled them open. Harry bulked
and immediately pulled them closed. "What are you doing?!"

"I just wanted to zee," Fleur laughed. "Aimee zed she dressed you up, but I
can't zee anything under this."

He flushed with embarrassment, and frowned up at her, showing how completely
unamused he was. "You can see it later."

"Leave him alone, Delacour. He isn't a toy," Viktor growled. Fleur gave him an
amused look.

"You're an only child, aren't you?" she asked. His surprised look made her
think she'd hit the nail on the head. "If you 'ad younger siblings, you'd
understand."

Cedric, who did have younger siblings, chuckled behind his hand. The bickering
was interrupted by the Dark Lord, arriving through a secret passageway. He
scanned each of the gathered party briefly, before settling on Harry. He
beckoned him to his side, and the boy did as instructed. Just as Fleur had
done only a minute before, he pulled open Harry's cloak to see his outfit.
What was it with people and his wardrobe, the Gryffindor mentally lamented.

"Good," Voldemort said, nodding his approval, before turning his attention to
the others. "Is everyone ready?"

Everyone nodded their agreement, and the Dark Lord moved to the giant door,
and pounded on it twice. The groan of the door as it was opened was
immediately drowned out by the crowds of people outside and the tell-tale
flash of lightbulbs. The Dark Lord took Lestrange's arm in his, and lead the
way out into the crowd. Sentinels formed a barrier, keeping the reporters from
rushing in, and pushed them out of the way as the party made their way to the
waiting carriages.

"Mr. Krum, how does it feel to win the first challenge?!"

"Mr. Potter, what made you risk your life to save the Beauxbaton's champion?"

"How are you feeling after your brush with death, Miss Delacour?"

"Have there been any changes in regards to insuring the safety of the
champions?"

No one bothered answering the reporters here, but Harry still felt
claustrophobic with them crowded around so close, their questions dogging
their every step. Beside him, Fleur squeezed his hand, and smiled at him. He
felt himself smile back at her, but the flurry of flashes that followed had
him flinching and turning away. They climbed into two separate carriages for
the brief ride to Hogsmeade. There were reporters waiting for them there, as
well, and also more Sentinels to keep them at bay. It all seemed very strange
to Harry, who had seen such a thing before, but always outside government
buildings or sporting events. It all seemed a bit excessive.

They stopped in front of a large house with a fenced yard. They exited the
carriages, and ignored the flurry of questions hurled at them, until at last
they reached the inside. An attendant took their cloaks and escorted them into
the parlor, where other foreign dignitaries and several more reporters were
waiting for them. Harry felt his stomach lurch as he spotted Rita Skeeter,
standing out in her electric blue cocktail dress, a few inches too high in the
skirt and a few inches too low on her breasts. Like a shark scenting blood,
she found her intended target within moments, and stalked towards him with an
exaggerated swing in her hips. Her camera man scurried after her.

Harry looked at his watch, and sighed. He only had to get through the next
half hour. Voldemort patted him on the shoulder, trying for sympathetic, but
naturally came off as amused. The Dark Lord left Harry on his own as he went
to talk with a group of important looking people, Lestrange sticking close to
him the entire time. He thought about looking for one of the other champions,
but decided against it almost immediately. He wasn't going to hide behind them
like a little kid. He had done all of this before, probably more often then
Cedric and Fleur combined, and Krum would lose respect for him if he showed
such weakness. All he could do was brace himself.

"Harry, darling!" Skeeter exclaimed, "You look *fabulous!* What are you
wearing? Baxter & Gimble? Picetti?"

What was it with people and his wardrobe? He floundered for a moment, thinking
up a reply. Explaining where *exactly* his clothes came from seemed...
embarrassing, but Ginny would be hurt if he didn't give her proper credit.

"Aimee & Ginerva," he offered, as if it were a name that fell right in line
with the ones she had just mentioned. It worked. Skeeter made an 'oh, of
course!' expression, and moved along.

"Do you mind if we get a picture first, and then ask some questions?" she
asked, batting her eyes coquettishly. He fought back a grimace, and nodded,
hooking his thumbs in his pockets and leaning back a little to give a relaxed
look, just like Ginny had shown him.

"Perfect! Now, then, down to business! There has been all sorts of theories
floating around about why you went out to rescue the champion of a rival
school-"

Harry held up his hand, not wanting to hear what any of those probably
ridiculous and insulting theories entailed. "She's a rival, not an enemy. Why
shouldn't I have helped her? If it had been Diggory, I would have done the
same thing. I just couldn't stand there and let someone die right in front my
eyes, or in front of all my friends and classmates. It's a horrible memory to
have to live with."

Skeeter leered, "So you don't think your decision to go risk your life was
influenced in any way by the fact that Miss Delacour is part veela?"

He blinked stupidly for a moment, caught completely by surprise. He hadn't
realized it before, but Skeeter's revelation made sense. Funny, he hadn't been
as affected by her as the rest of house mates were.

"Of course not. Like I said, I would have done it for anyone," he said
quickly, before she could latch onto his hesitation as surprise.

"Naturally," she agreed, her voice thick with condescension. "So have you
considered how you will have her pay off her life debt?"

He felt his temper rising every second he had to stand near this nosy
*creature*. He needed to get away from her fast, before someone got hurt.

"Miss Delacour... was rescued thanks to the help of several individuals, not
just myself. The merpeople protected her from the grindylows and helped me
find her, Bill Weasley got her breathing again, and the medi-wizards standing
by made sure she would be okay. If I had been the only person trying to save
her, she would have died. As far as I'm concerned, she doesn't owe me
anything, and I didn't do what I did to get something from her. I helped her
because I didn't want someone to die if I could prevent it. I don't know why
you're having so much trouble grasping this. It's really a very simple
concept."

He abruptly walked away, more quickly than she could follow, and looked for
some sort of exit. He found one, or more accurately one found him, in the form
Cedric coming up and pulling him aside into the foyer.

"Hey, Harry, can I talk to you for a minute?"

"Yeah, sure," he agreed, a little surprised. While they were on friendly
terms, they didn't really hang out together. He wasn't sure what to expect
"What is it?"

The Hufflepuff looked a little embarrassed, and fidgeted for a moment, before
finally blurting it out.

"I know this is really sudden, but with what happened to Fleur during the
challenge, I've been thinking a lot about what would happen if I got hurt and
couldn't compete."

"Yeah... okay?"

"I... would you be my second?"

Harry looked at him blankly. "Second what?"

"You know, my second, the person who comes in and finishes for me if I can't.
My backup."

"... ummmm.... no?"

Cedric looked honestly surprised. "No? Why not? You'd be perfect for the job!"

"Because I'm fourteen, and wouldn't qualify to compete? Because I've got
enough to worry about with classes, club activities, friends, *and *these god
awful social functions? Because I'm sane, and don't want to die by squid or
something else equally weird?"

"... Alright, all perfectly good reasons, but this is just a precaution. The
chances are-"

"Then it shouldn't matter who else you pick," Harry pointed out. "Just as long
as it isn't me."

Cedric gave him a disappointed look. "Are you sure I can't change your mind?"

"Positive, but thanks for asking me first instead of assuming. I really hope
you aren't hurt during the challenges."

The older smiled ruefully.

"Me too."

---
---

The interviews went fairly well, by Viktor's estimation. All the champions and
Harry had been henpecked by the press for thirty minutes, but aside from
varying levels of annoyance (Harry's being the most blatant as he made a point
to flee everyone who stopped to talk to him within three minutes) they had all
gotten through it relatively unscathed.

They had all gathered in the dinning room, which must have been modified to
accommodate Madam Maxime, with the champions all sitting beside their
headmaster or headmistress at one end, and the Dark Lord and other officials
at the other. Harry had been placed to the left of Voldemort, which Viktor
found rather interesting. The young Gryffindor was quiet for most of the
evening, but polite, and friendly enough. Voldemort had whispered something
into Harry's ear during the dinner at one point, and the boy had actually
laughed.

It left Viktor feeling uneasy.

As had Ambassador Prideux's questions about him owning a cobra, and more
importantly Harry's answer.

"I do not own, Inana," he had said, "She is a cobra, a 'Queen of the Nile',
not a pet. We helped each other out of a bad situation, and became friends.
When I am able and she is ready, I will send her home where she belongs. Until
then, we enjoy each other's company. She has a very interesting view of the
world."

More and more, he was starting to think of Harry as a victim of his own
innocence. The boy obviously had no idea about the dangers that surrounded
him, disguised as these dangers were as 'mentors' and 'friends'. At least,
that's what Viktor hoped, because he liked the kid, and after seeing him fly
to Fleur's rescue he even respected him quite a bit.

He would hate himself if it all turned out to just be an act.

Sneaking back to Hogsmeade after hours turned out to be incredibly simple.
Jophery had figured it out within the first two weeks, and was more than happy
to point him towards the boat house. The place was charmed so that only a
Hogwart's boat could come or go, which was fine if you wanted to keep someone
out, but not very helpful at keeping people in.

After that, it was a simple matter to sneak into town and into the secret
cellar, and after midnight only a few Sentinels wandered the streets. He crept
down the stairs, casting spells to make sure no one had come down since he
left and to check for traps, but everything was as he left it. In the furnace
room, the fire burned even hotter than it had during the day, leaving him
feeling instantly over heated.

"Dumbledore?" he called uncertainly.

"I am here," came the reply from within the furnace. "How are things on your
end, Viktor?"

He let out a sigh of relief. "Everything seems normal. Da dinner vent as
expected. The Dark Lord didn't appear suspicious. Da owl?"

"Is completely normal. I checked it for enchantments, possession, animagical
transfiguration, charms... nothing. It's a perfectly normal, rather cranky
owl. If it was under any sort of spell, it's gone now. I'm going to send it
back to you. If it belongs to someone, it's best we not risk them looking for
it. I had it magically purged and sedated, so no one should be able to glean
any information from it."

There was a muted pop, and the owl appeared in the middle of the floor. Viktor
quickly picked it up and retrieved the silver star, slipping it into his
pocket. He'd felt anxious all day without that portkey, even with his
emergency one stashed in his boot.

"You best hurry back," Dumbledore said. "We both took far too many chances as
it is. Tonks says 'stay safe'"

"Alright. Give my regards to da others."

Viktor hurried out as quickly as caution allowed, but even so, he missed the
silent shadow that separated itself from the alley wall and watched him run
back towards the lake.
