# Chapter 77

For once the Reicher household did not wake to the usual morning chaos
that Robert now associated with two little girls who could not tell the
difference between 'wake up' and 'wake up when you feel like it' and a
private school that didn't care to explain it to them. There was no
frantic searches for socks that matched, homework assignments, or
barrettes, no races to the bathroom and wrestling matches for the
mirror, no whining about breakfast, their teacher, or each other, and no
negotiations about what would or would not be packed in their lunch
boxes (there was no way Kyle would let his girls eat anything that was
served off an assembly line no matter how much Robert complained their
ridiculous tuition included it).

On this particular morning, it was the first day of the holiday break,
and Robert was quite happy to enjoy the company of his daughters still
happily in their pjs, giggling over their green Christmas tree shaped
pancakes and Kyle and his endless (and somewhat obnoxious) holiday
cheer. His own work was at a standstill as the Court of Legal Affairs
and the Court of Licenses, Registrations, and Permits was bogged down
with last second cases and end of the year paperwork, and his own
projects were on hold until paperwork could all be filed.

So he was looking forward to nothing more exciting or eventful happening
than was typical of this time of year (which was rather eventful with
two young daughters intent on catching one of Santa's spying elves and
Kyle's insistence that they each have at least a half a dozen sugar
cookies throughout the day). This was perhaps why he wasn't prepared to
open his newspaper to find Harry Potter sitting on top of the corpse of
very BIG, very DEAD dragon, and dropped his coffee in his straight into
his lap.

"OUCH! DAMMIT!" he shouted, and jumped to his feet.

"Robert!" Kyle glared at him, and pointed to Morgana, looking
scandalized, and Alyssa, who looked ready to burst out laughing.

"Sorry," he muttered, and grabbed himself a towel.

"What happened anyway? Are we being invaded by orcs?" his husband
inquired, looking amused now that the profanity had passed.

"No... dragons this time. No worries, Prince Harry dealt with them."

There was a predictable squeal of delight, and the girls abandoned their
pancakes in favor of his newspaper and even Kyle came over to see what
the latest news what about. Splashed across the front page was Harry and
the dragon, plus another older boy and girl and the headline was
practically screaming 'Harry Potter Slays Dragon As New Hogwarts
Champion'. Their prince certainly didn't look particularly happy about
the whole affair, looking rather beat up but still somehow more
impressive for it. The sword was a nice touch.

The article read like a cheap adventure story, throwing out images of a
speedy chases and a life or death battle. There was only a sentence or
two mentioning a dislocated shoulder and a concussion, and nothing
dedicated to the fact that a fourteen year old was nearly set on fire
and eaten for no good reason at all. There was a little speculation on
how precisely Harry had become the champion and what had happened to the
last one and how the dragon got out of the warded boundary, but to the
adults it was obvious that what little was said was romanticized drivel.
They smiled and 'oohed' and 'awwed' with their little girls, who
couldn't be expected to understand what Harry had just faced, but when
they went off to play 'Harry vs the Dragon', they sat down together to
say what they really thought.

"Kyle, I'm starting to have serious doubts about the Dark Lord as a
parental figure."

"It's a pity the adoption papers you submitted weren't approved."

Robert blinked. "What? When did I fill out those?"

"It was in that pile of school forms you signed last year."

"... You sneak! You said those were permission slips for dance lessons!"

"They were... at least half of them!"

---

He went out to Hagrid's house (he had been given the cabin the
medi-wizard had stayed in during the second challenge for the remainder
of his stay as thanks for finding and bring Viktor safely back to
Hogwarts) after dinner, but before dueling club practice. He wasn't
looking forward to the meeting, but he needed to get away from everyone
and Hagrid was the least likely to congratulate him for killing the
dragon. Of course, that meant he probably wasn't going to have a
particularly pleasant visit.

The little house had a much larger door than Harry remembered, and that
was obviously necessary, but it did nothing to ease his anxiety as it
loomed over him. He tapped it softly, unrealistically afraid it would
fall on top of him, and squash him flat. There was a loud baying bark at
the door, followed by a booming 'down boy!' and scratching at the door.
Harry very much hoped that was really only a dog, and a normal one at
that. He was well aware of Hagrid's eccentricity when it came to pets.

The man swung open the door, looking around curiously until they landed
on Harry. His expression was completely blank for just a moment, and
then his eyes narrowed.

"What you be want'n then?"

Harry flinched. He had expected this. Hagrid had been outraged by the
whole idea of the second challenge, and Harry's participation and
conclusion of it wasn't going to endear him to the man. It didn't make
the rejection hurt any less.

"I... I needed to talk to you... about something," he said, staring down
at his shoes. There was a tense silence, and Harry was almost certain
Hagrid was going to close the door in his face.

"Fine. Come in then, yer lett'n out all the warm air."

Hagrid moved away from the door, and he cautiously followed the giant
man inside. Hagrid hadn't wasted time making the little house his own.
The furniture had all been enlarged (by who, he hadn't the foggiest as
he had never seen Hagrid with a wand) and rough wooden items and furs
predominated the decor. An enormous black wrinkly dog regarded him
balefully from beside the fireplace.

"So what ya want to say?"

Harry turned back to Hagrid who now had his back turned to him, fussing
with a tea kettle.

"Um... it's about... ah, well... I talked to Bill this morning. Bill
Weasley, you know? Is chief of safety and-"

"I know Bill," he said curtly.

"Oh, right, of course you do. Well, he was saying with the barrier
broken down, the stasis spells the dragon eggs are under are starting to
wear off, and they're going to need to be taken care off. I thought... I
mentioned to him that you might be interested. I told him you have
experience with... spirited animals. He said I should ask you."

Hagrid went very still, which wasn't particularly safe since he had just
little a match to light the stove and seemed to have forgotten about it.
Forgot about it until burned his fingers. He grumbled a curse, suckled
his scalded finger. Then he looked back to Harry, who was relieved to
see he didn't look angry anymore. Just exasperated.

"Why'd you do it, lad? Wh'd you kill er? She jus wanted to be lef alone
to care fer er little'un's."

Harry looked up him helplessly.

"I didn't go into that forest to start a fight with her. I would happily
have let her sleep forever, but things happened. A lot of things
happened really fast, and I had to make a decision. I didn't want to
hurt her, but I didn't want to die either. And she would have killed me
and Fleur, and who knows who else? I'm sorry any of it happened. This
stupid game. My stupid decisions. You have no idea how much I regret all
of it."

Hagrid let out a heavy sigh and sat himself in his chair, tea forgotten.
He ran his hands through his hair and his beard, struggling to think of
what to say. He still wasn't happy with what had happened, but he didn't
blame Harry. Perhaps he never had. He was sort of awkward when it came
to being angry.

"So..." the giant man said after a long moment. "How many eggs we talk'n
bout?"

Harry smiled cautiously.

"Three alive, two empty."

"Yikes. They'll be fight'n over their share the moment they hatch."

Harry grinned.

"I'm sure you can handle it. Although, you might need to fire proof your
house... and your beard."

---

"I am sorry, I vas being such a jerkyesterday," Viktor said as he
escorted Hermione from the Great Hall to the Dueling Hall. She didn't
honestly need an escort with her brother trailing behind them with his
unpleasant redheaded friend, but he hadn't had much time to talk with
her since their fight yesterday and he didn't know if she was still mad
at him. She didn't *look* mad. She was smiling in her usual, coy way.

"I'm sorry too. We were both frustrated and upset, and took it out on
each other. I know you just wanted to understand what was happening, but
I didn't have any answers and that just made things worse. Lets just
forget about it," she said, and he was perfectly happily to do just
that. "Thank you, by the way, for going out to rescue Harry and Fleur.
Harry is trying to downplay the danger he was in to make be feel better,
but I know he would have died if you hadn't shown up. You really are a
hero."

He hadn't thought of anything that happened yesterday as 'good' except
for the part where everyone survived. The situation should never had
happened, there were so many careless mistakes by everyone, and he still
had more questions than answers. He had his fair share of accolades from
the youngest first year to the German Ambassdor to Voldemort (gag)
himself, but it wasn't until Hermione had thanked him for saving her
friend, and not just for killing the dragon, that he felt any sort of
pride for what he had accomplished.

"Just... I vas just returning da favor," he said, and then mentally
flinched. That was *not* a very heroic thing to say. Luckily, he was
saved from floundering for a better response. They had reached the
Dueling Hall and stopped, and just as it looked as if Hermione might
just lean forward to kiss him on the cheek (he had never once kissed him
on the mouth and he was starting to wonder why[^77-1]), her brother and his
friend came up behind them and escorted her straight through the door.

"We'll take it from here," Draco said, his smile stiff and unfriendly.
"Don't want to be late."

"Draco!"

Ron gave him a particularly nasty glare, and slammed the door shut
behind them. Viktor stared at the door for a long moment, baffled and
somewhat amused. Honestly, how could Hermione's 'big brother' be so much
less mature than his sister? For that matter, what was that other kid's
problem?

He gave a mental shrug and headed off to the Hogwarts' Herald office to
find McGunny. The boy had warned him of Harry's continued peril even
after the dragon, and that made Viktor suspect the other boy knew
something about the strange events that had been happening. More than
anything, Viktor wanted clear answers.

He had only been by the newspaper office once or twice, usually
accompanied by Hermione, and right then it was even more frantically
busy than before and he hadn't realized that was possible. The staff all
ignored him as he entered, bent over their typewriters in deep
concentration or running back and forth between the printing press,
McGunny's office, and various reporters. He snagged one of the
photographers dashing toward's McGunny's office. The boy blinked up at
him.

"Hermione's not here," he said.

"I am not here to see her. I'm here to see McGunny."\
"Oh... I'll tell him you're here."

Viktor let him go and he dashed the rest of the way into the office. A
moment later he returned.

"He'll see you. Go on in."

Viktor did. The door snapped shut behind him and the first thing out of
McGunny's mouth was an anti-spying spell cast on the entire office. It
startled him a lot more than it should have. McGunny's office was tiny,
with barely enough room to walk around his old teacher's desk, but
unlike the rest of the main office it was tidy and neat, with all the
papers carefully filled away or sitting in mail slots. The first issue
of the Hogwart's Herald was hung on the wall, each article had been
snipped out and hung in its own custom frame so that the entirety of it
came together as a misshapen jigsaw.

"I'm glad you came," McGunny said, although there was nothing
particularly happy about his expression. "But next time a little more
discretion would be appreciated."

"Vat do you know about Harry?"

"Right to the point. Good. We only have about ten minutes before they
start to wonder what we're doing. And to answer your questions, I know a
lot about Harry and the true purpose behind this tournament, and even a
little bit about you."

Viktor scowled, already impatient with the runaround.

"Then say it."

McGunny didn't for a moment, either to prove who was in charge or to
organize his thoughts, he didn't know and didn't care. He wanted answers
*now*.

"Voldemort intends to kill you."

The words sent a jolt up his spine. He couldn't say anything, and after
a long moment, McGunny continued, highlighting the Dark Lord's plot to
murder the champions and instigate a war, and of Harry's desperate
attempts to stop it, and the risk he had obtained in doing so. As each
event that occurred from the moment of his arrive unfolded from this new
point of view, it all started to fall together into something
terrifying.

"And Harry's strange behavior when he went into the forest?"

McGunny hesitated there, but after checking his watch, continued.

"He has a condition. I'm not sure of the specifics, but the full moon
triggers a sort of madness. I believe it's from the Dark Lord performing
some sort of magical experiments on him. He didn't behave this way until
he came back from summer vacation, and I know for a fact he spent part
of that time under the Dark Lord's care."

"Voldemort experiments on him?" he asked, horrified by the prospect. He
had seen nothing in Harry's behavior to suggest there was such a heinous
form of abuse, but it did make an awful sort of sense.

"I think so. I can't be positive. My belief is it revolves around some
sort of immunity to Lycanthrosis. You have been told about his
godfathers?"

Viktor nodded hesitantly. He had been told, but hadn't really believed
it. So that was true as well?

"He's spent the last two summers with them, and they guarded him most of
last year. It would make a sort of sense, but again I can't be positive.
He's never hurt anyone though, and the teachers are aware of it and
don't seem concerned. But enough of that, I didn't tell you all of this
to satisfy your curiosity."

"How do you know any of this to begin with?"

McGunny gave him a bland look. "It's what I do, and I'm very good at it.
For instance, I know that Durmstang's intentions for being here are no
more pure than the Dark Lord's reasons for inviting you."

Viktor stiffened. What did he know? His thoughts jumped to the strange
owl that night in the Hogsmeade cellar, and he wondered if McGunny might
not some how be responsible.

The Ravenclaw put his hand into his pocket, pulled something out, and
held it out to him. It was a small silver star. More importantly, it was
*Viktor's*portkey. Immediately, he searched for it in his robe and found
it. He looked at McGunny quizzically.

"Oh, so you have another. I got this one out of your boot while you were
resting in the infirmary. I think I'll keep this one then."

"How did you-"

"It's what I do, Viktor. Like I said, I'm *good* at it. But we only have
another minute or two left, so lets get to the heart of the matter. I
want you to take Harry back to Germany."

"Vat?! Vat are you talking about?"

"Harry put himself in great danger to protect you and the peace between
our countries. You owe it to him to take him with you somewhere safe.
France, Germany, Timbuktu, it doesn't matter, as long as the Dark lord
can not reach him."

"I... I don't have dat authority."

"But Ambassador Schwartzmann does. Ask him. I bet he would do it for the
chance to remind the world exactly what sort of monster Britain's ruler
is."

Viktor thought for a moment, and realized that was true. McGunny had
thought this through extremely well, which made him wonder...

"Vhy? Vhy are you doing dis? If you vere found out you could be tried
for treason."

McGunny didn't answer him though, merely stood up from his desk, and
canceled the anti-spying charm.

"That's all the time I'm afraid I can spare for now. Come back later
with a response to my questions and we can continue the interview from
there."

"Vat are you-"

The door burst open and a reporter hurled herself inside, though she
halted as soon as she saw Viktor.

"Oh, sorry! I didn't mean to intrude!"

McGunny shook his head. "That's alright. We're done here. Any luck
reaching Diggory's family?"

"I don't know if they got the letter or not, they haven't sent a reply.
They must be swamped with sympathy letters though-"

Viktor stalked out, knowing he wouldn't get anymore answers today.
Perhaps that was for the best, because he had far too more answers than
he knew what to do with. Heaven and Earth, what was he going to do? It
was all awful and terrifying, and in some ways fantastic. Voldemort was
the devil, manipulating everyone including his own countrymen. Harry was
a victim, trying to be the hero, but he needed the sort of help Viktor
would gladly extend if he could.

Perhaps he could convince Hermione to come too, if she knew both her
best friend and the one who loved her would remain by her side. What
would bind her to this place? Hermione loved this school and her
education and perhaps her foster brother, but what could she do with it
all once she graduated? She had been adopted by purebloods, but was a
muggleborn herself, leaving her stuck between two different class
prejudices and with slim prospects for careers or relationships. In
Europe, someone of her talents and beauty would be accepted and
appreciated in almost any field.

He was getting ahead of himself though and he couldn't afford to do
that. He had to talk with Ambassador Schwartzmann to warn him and see if
this rescue attempt was even possible, before he even thought about
broaching the subject with Hermione. He should probably talk to
Dumbledore too, but he was afraid to return to the cellar. Did McGunny
know about it? If McGunny had figured out this much, couldn't someone
else have as well?

One step at a time he decided. He needed to talk to the ambassador
first.

---

The dragon was killed on Monday. Harry made it till Wednesday before the
other shoe dropped. The first warning came in Potion's class, when he
received a detention from Snape to make up for the potion's work he had
missed and the two missing essays. As he was walking out the door at the
end, Snape stopped him for a moment.

"Don't make plans for this afternoon."

He received no elaboration, and wasn't going to push it. He hadn't
gotten a caning yet and he wasn't about to remind the potions master of
that fact. He hoped that wasn't what this afternoon was about. Classes
dragged on, and he counted the minutes. When they were done, he baled
out of hanging out with his friends, citing his mountain of homework he
was behind on and the exams the next day. He didn't think they believed
him, as he had been using that excuse since he had returned to the
castle. It wasn't his habit to share his depression.

The library was his refuge. Most people took one look at his mountain of
books and took the hint, and he really did have a lot of school work to
catch up on. He got through one of his potion's essays and his reading
for Celtic class, when McGonagall came looking for him.

"All alone, Mr. Potter?"

He looked up at her, smiled wanly and gestured towards his books.

"Just playing catch up."

She regarded speculatively, then seemed to remember why she was there.

"Lord Voldemort is waiting for you in the castle keep. He said you
should dress warmly."

"Did he say what this is all about?"

"No, but I wouldn't keep him waiting. I already sent your friend Clyde
for your cloak and gloves. Go, I'll collect your books."

He nodded. "Thanks, Professor."

Clyde met him at the bottom of the stairs with his scarf, gloves, and
his warm black cloak (his Baluvian one was being cleaned by the house
elves and had yet to be returned). They shared a disparaging look.

"I don't suppose you'll actually come back in one piece for once?" Clyde
asked.

"If he meant to kill me, he would have done it already. Don't tell
Hermione about this, okay? She'll just worry."

His friend shook his head. "If she asks I'm going to tell her. Being
lied to hurts worse than worrying. Give her a little bit more credit."

Harry ducked his head, ashamed. He really was getting carried away in
his lies. He used to only do it because he had to, and now Clyde had
just pointed out that he was doing to avoid hurting people, which was a
self-deluding lie in itself.

"Yeah, you're right. Sorry. See you at dinner, then, I hope."

"I'll save you a potato. With cheese and bacon..."

Harry grinned at him. So Clyde had remembered his favorite food? That
was strangely touching.

"Thanks."

Voldemort was waiting for him just where McGonagall had said he would
be, and across the bridge, Harry could see the Dark Lord's black car. It
was the first Harry had seen him since Monday, and then it had only been
a brief glance through the open door of the infirmary, where Madam
Pomfrey had been preparing to pop his arm back into his socket. It was
strange that they should meet so long after the fact, but the man must
have been busy cleaning up the entire mess.

"You look tired, Harry."

"Too much homework. Where are we going?"

Voldemort turned and led him out to the car. Victoria was there in her
chauffeur's uniform, holding open the back door for them and looking
worried. That wasn't a good sign. He gave her a reassuring smile as he
climbed into the back seat with the Dark Lord. Chief Sentinel Morgan was
there as well, which made Harry suspect this was an official matter
rather than a personal one between Teacher and Pupil.

"We need your help with something, Harry, in order to wrap up this
entire messy business," Voldemort said, once they had all settled
comfortably. "Our foreign visitors have agree to overlook your blatant
violation of the Tournament regulations due to the extenuating
circumstances. It helps that Diggory listed you as his second in the
event that anything happened to him."

Harry frowned. "I was still registered as his second? I turned him down
though."

"I minor technicality I neglected to mention."

That made Harry smiled just a bit, until he realized what he was just
been told.

"Wait a minute, you mean I'm the Hogwart's champion now? How does that
work? I'm not old enough!"

Voldemort smirked. "That rule only applies to selections made by the
Goblet of Fire. Seconds are a personal choice by the Champion and can
include anyone. Admittedly, that is an oversight on my part. It would
have made things quite awkward if Diggory had chosen the captain of the
Chudley Cannons or Newton Settlebeck[^77-2]. It worked out in our favor this
time."

Harry sighed. The year had just gotten that much more difficult.

"That's what you get for interfering in things that are none of your
business," Voldemort said, unsympathetically. Harry shrugged. That was
very true.

"This last one wasn't *entirely* my fault."

"Which is the only reason I haven't crucioed you. As things stand I will
let your training for the third challenge be punishment enough. You will
report to Professor Snape every Saturday morning and whenever else he
tells you to until the end of the year."

Harry grimaced but nodded. Honestly, it didn't sound that bad. He wasn't
expecting to have fun, but he suspected it would be more productive than
his own self training for Dueling Club. Not that he was going to let
anyone think his time spent with Snape was anything but a cruel and
heinous punishment. Particularly not Voldemort.

"I'll do my best."

"You better."

"And the nutty behavior during the full moon? I don't suppose you have a
solution for that?"

"I have a few thoughts on the matter, but I'll discuss those with you
alone when return to the castle."

Harry snuck a peek over at Morgan, who was so quiet and still it was
easy to forget he was there. Morgan looked back steadily, but there were
no clues to figuring out what they were all going to do in his blank
face.

"If all of this is settled already, then what are we doing out here?" he
asked, looking out the window. They didn't really seem to be going
anywhere. Instead of taking the road to Hogsmeade, they were now driving
along the edge of the Forbidden Forest without any road in sight. The
day was unreasonably warm and sunny for the season, and the snow from
the weekend blizzard was wet and slushy.

"You'll see. We're almost there."

After a few minutes, the car turned and entered the forest through the
slimmest of openings in the trees. The forest here was different than
what it had been in the barrier. Here everything came and went as it
pleased, and there was air of foreboding at a level beyond what Harry
had previously experienced. He was starting to become nervous.

The ground was without a path and even the charmed car was having
trouble giving them a smooth ride. It shook and jerked randomly for a
few more minutes, until they entered a clearing and smoothed out again.
Harry looked out and felt his heart jump into his throat.

This was definitely their destination.

Some thirty to forty Sentinels encircled the clearing, some facing out
into woods to watch for danger, but most of them facing a small herd of
centaurs gathered together in the middle. There were a little over
twenty, but half of them were too young to be considered adults and
seven of them were mares, one an old man, and the rest strapping but
clearly overwhelmed stallions. Among the stallions he recognized Firenze
and Ulaithur.

He turned back to Voldemort and Morgan, who were staring back at him,
but neither's expressions had changed. The car came to a stop, and
Victoria opened the door for them. They climbed out. The centaurs all
turned towards them, seeming to know who their fate rested with. A
Sentinel came over to meet them.

"Is this all of them?" Morgan asked.

"Most of them. I think half a dozen mares got away, but it didn't seem
worth the effort to go after them. You said we were looking for
stallions, yeah?"

Morgan didn't reply, instead turning to Harry.

"Do you recognize the ones who attacked the champions?"

"What?" Harry turned to Voldemort who stared at him expectantly.

"We must put this to rest. Diggory's parents and the people of Britain
demand justice, and for that someone must be punished. Now tell us, who
here is responsible for Diggory's near death."

Harry could only blink at him in horror, than stare out at the centaurs.
They were all terrified, particularly the children, and more than a few
were injured and bleeding. Firenze stood at the edge of the herd,
positioning himself between the foals and the Sentinels. Ulaithur had a
mare tucked protectively under his arm and she in turn held a wobbly
legged colt. Harry was careful not to let his gaze linger on any of
them.

"No. I don't see them. They were probably bachelors without a herd."

"Harry," Voldemort admonished. "I know you are lying. We found a
crossbow in a cave around where Krum was kept. The arrow and the poison
on it both match the arrow used to shoot Diggory. The crossbow was also
engraved with the herdmark of *this* herd. We did not make a mistake.
One more time, who is responsible?"

Harry looked down at his shoes rather the centaurs.

"What are you going to do to him?"

"Kill him of course. He tried and very nearly succeeded in trying to
kill not just one wizard child but *four*. How could you possibly
justify defending him, Harry? He deserves to be punished."

"So do you, I don't see you with a wand pointed at your head."

"*Crucio!*"

Harry collapsed under the pain of the curse, and screamed. It only
lasted a few seconds, but that was long enough to leave him gasping and
boneless in the snow. A hard cold hand fisted in his hair and pulled him
up to his knees, forcing him to look back at the centaurs, who were
looking as horrified for him as he did for them.

"This isn't the time for your stubborn games, Harry. Tell me who shot
Diggory or I'll kill every stallion, mare, and foal here just to be
sure."

"*You're a monster*," he hissed in parseltongue, "*You're only worried
about covering your own mistakes.*"

Voldemort sneered. "*Don't get self-righteous. A child-murderer deserves
to die, and you're letting your own weakness get in the way of that.*"

"*He nearly died because of what you did. He wasn't thinking clearly.
It's not like the situation will ever repeat itself."*

"I'm not pandering to your asinine notions of right and wrong,"
Voldemort continued in English. "You have to till the count of three or
they are all dead, and you have the blood of the innocent as well as the
guilty on your conscious. One..."

"Wait!"

"Two..."

Harry looked back towards the centaurs, his gaze immediately finding
Ulatithur, who seemed to suddenly understand what was happening and
detached himself from his mare.

"Thr-"

"Here!" Ulaither shouted, stepping forward. The gathered Sentinels all
swung their wands towards him, stopping him in his tracks. He glared at
all of them, before he turned his eyes to the Dark Lord. "I am the one
you are looking for."

Voldemort stared back at him evenly, then turned to Harry. "Is this the
one?"

The boy closed his eyes and nodded. "Yes."

The Dark Lord turned to Ulaithur. "There were two of you."

"I was the only one who fired a bow to kill. He tried to stop me. He is
not at fault."

"Who is the other?"

Ulaithur said nothing. Voldemort turned to Harry. "I want them both."

Harry glared up at his hatefully. "I doubt you care about the other's
innocence, but Viktor will. If you kill the centaur that carried him to
safety, this whole stupid thing will blow up in your face."

Voldemort's eyes hardened, and Harry flinched back in preparation for
another crucio or even a good old fashioned back hand, but instead
received a demeaning little pat on the head.

"Much better. Manipulation is more affective than preaching, isn't it?"
Voldemort pulled away and addressed his Sentinels. "Take him, scatter
the rest."

The Sentinels moved in, conjuring ropes and whips. The ones with ropes
surrounded Ulaithur, who moved forward to meet them, while those with
whips began to crack them threateningly, driving the rest of the heard
back and forcing them to break off one by one in different directions.
Ulaithur's mare cried out and reached out to her mate, but a Sentinel
intercepted her with a savage strike to her stomach with his whip. She
screamed, and Ulaithur who hadn't moved to resisted at all as they
steadily started to tie him with ropes, spun around, pulling Sentinels
off their feet as he went. The Sentinel who had struck the mare didn't
even have time to scream as two massive hooves came down on him,
stomping him into the ground with a sickening crunch.

"Run, Natiyana! Take Umari and *run!*" was all Ulaithur managed to get
out before a half dozen stunning spells threw him to the ground.

"Ulaithur!" she cried out in anguish, but moved back to her colt, who
stood too frightened and shocked to move as his whole world began to
unravel before his eyes. She took him by the shoulders and pulled him
away, reluctantly, snarling and kicking her hooved feet at any who dared
approach, threatening a death as horrible as their compatriot's.

Harry watched them go, overwhelmed by it all. By death, by the tearing
apart of a family, by the ruthless casualness with which these people's
lives were being destroyed. As the herd disappeared into the trees, and
Ulaithur was finally portkeyed away, Harry turned to the Dark Lord who
was watching him curiously.

"I hate you."

Voldemort snorted. "Don't be so melodramatic."

---

"General! I wasn't expecting you," the young sergeant said, then
remembered himself, and stepped briskly into a salute.

"That is the thing about surprise inspections, they're a surprise. At
ease," Lucius said with wave of his hand. They were in London
headquarters, set in a courtyard surrounded on all sides by high walls.
Some fifty wizards and witches (one barely distinguishable from the
other in their unisex uniforms) practiced drills, learning to move
together fluidly and break apart fluidly and come back together again.
"I wanted to see how the advance guard is progressing."

"Very good, sir," he said, and gestured out onto the courtyard. "Their
running drills now on how to keep organized even when they have to duck
and cover. We suspect it will be good practice when we're fighting in
actual cities."

Lucius nodded and watched the drill for a while, noting the ease of
their movements, the coordination. This was very unlike the days when he
was a Death Eater, where every man and woman was in it for themselves
and if you lived or died it was do to your own ability and not the
ability of your partner.

He would always prefer the old method better, but for simple common
stock like this, thoughtlessly obeying the command of the superior
intellect of the group was probably best.

"Very good. But put them through narrow obstacle courses. There are a
lot of narrow streets in the old cities."

The Sergeant saluted. "Yes, sir!"

Lucius walked away, he still had twelve other units he wanted to inspect
and then he would have to prepare for a holiday party at one of his
associates' home. Gilderoy Lockhart, was not by any means one of Lucius'
favorite people, but what he lacked in intelligence, wit, and insight,
he made up for in usefulness and unquestioning self importance. The man
was a fool, but he was a handsome fool who looked good in a uniform and
could quite charmingly convince most other fools that the military might
some how make them equally good looking and successful. Lockhart was at
the heart of the Brass Cult recruitment campaign, which so far had been
widely successful, and Lucius was willing to put up with a few hours of
his company every couple of weeks if he kept the ranks full and the
public admiring.

With nothing more concerning than controlling his temper long enough not
to strangle his future host, he made his way to his next stop, not
realizing he carried on him a hidden passenger who was carefully taking
note of everything seen and heard for an enemy that wasn't yet an enemy.
And his little observer was gathering enough information to expose the
resources and training of every level of command of Britain's forces
from its chief commander to the lowliest recruit.

And if Germany had its way, it would be having a nice long chat with
Lucius' BUG very soon.

---

"You really should know better," Voldemort said as Victoria drove them
away from the now empty clearing. Morgan was not with them, and really
Harry wished the Dark Lord wasn't there either at the moment. He was
angry and disgusted and scared by everything that had happened, and
wanted nothing more than to be alone and somewhere he felt safe.
Voldemort wasn't being at all helpful. "I can't have you acting
defiantly in front of my Sentinels. It sends the wrong message. If a
child could get away with such arrogance, then they would assume they
could as well. It would get tedious correcting them all one-by-one."

"Mm."

There was a long silence, and Harry kept his eyes glued to the window,
hoping that was the end of their conversation.

"You can't stay mad at me forever."

"Maybe not, but I'm sure I can for more than fifteen minutes," he
snipped, still not looking at him.

"Touché. But when the heat of the moment has cooled, I hope you will
understand that everything that happened here was necessary."

"When the heat of the moment has cooled, then so will Ulaithur's corpse
and I will have yet another thing to hate you for."

"He tried to kill you. He tried to kill your friends, and I guarantee he
felt no regret for that. You saw how quickly he killed that Sentinel,
yet I hear no outrage for his demise. That man may also have had a wife
and child, parents and siblings, friends and neighbors."

Harry grit his teeth. "I know that, but we shouldn't have ever come
here. This isn't our territory. We started the fight, and then we got
angry when they fought back? It's arrogant and stupid, and you're so
damn intent on making sure it looks *good* that you don't even care
about that. You don't care about those centaurs, or about Diggory or
that Sentinel. It's just a twisted game to you, and you've dragged me
into it."

"Ah," Voldemort said, as if he understood, but Harry doubted that he
really did. Chances were he was incapable of that sort of empathy. It
wasn't even his fault. Harry had seen his soul before, seen how magic
held it together, and knew certain parts of it were still missing. Parts
that would make it impossible for him to understand the full range of
human emotions or bond in the same way others did. It was sad, but right
now all Harry felt was resentment and frustration. He was too angry for
pity right now. They rode the rest of the way to the castle in silence,
but when the car finally pulled up the keep, Voldemort spoke again.

"I know this all must seem unbearably cruel to you, but I assure you in
the scheme of things it is best for Britain. To rule this land, I was
made to be able to make these decision which someone of a kinder
disposition would find spiritually crippling. You understand better than
anyone that this is my purpose, handed down to me from the Earth
herself. I am not going to change. Not for you or anyone else. I am
incapable. You understand that as well. However, you also have a
destiny, and it is linked to mine, how pleasantly or painfully that
destiny unravels itself will depend greatly on your ability to overlook
the more savage aspects of my rule and appreciate the generosity I can
and do extend to you. I do not expect you not to be angry, but I do
expect you accept me as I am and to obey me as your ruler and your
teacher."

Harry listened as the car door was opened on the other side and then
shut. A moment later, Victoria opened his door and Voldemort was
standing right in front of it, staring down at him with his cold red
eyes. The Dark Lord extend his hand to Harry, leaving the Gryffindor to
make his decision then and there.

Harry stared blankly at it for a long time, weighing his choices and
what they would represent now and in the future. In the end, he really
didn't see any other option. He reached out and accepted his hand.
Voldemort's hand closed around his, and Harry jerked away instinctively,
but could no longer break free. He was firmly, but carefully, pulled
from the car.

"A wise choice. Come, I have a bit of generosity to extend in lieu of my
cruelty."

Voldemort walked him into the castle, still gripping his hand. Harry
struggled after him, his stride shorter and still weak from the crucio
and his own turbulent emotions. There were not a lot of people in the
halls, but the few that were stared at them shamelessly as they passed,
more than a little baffled. He felt his ears burn and tried to take back
his hand, but the Dark Lord wouldn't let go.

They finally arrived at the office, where Voldemort released him and
walked over to his desk. On top of it was a chest, about the size of
Harry's school trunk, made of dark lacquered wood and decorated with
glyphs and runes in solid gold. Voldemort ran his hand over the top of
the box, closed his eyes and sighed, then looked to Harry.

"Do you know what is inside here."

*Should I?*Harry wanted to snap, but settled for shaking his head.

"The heart of the dragon, whole and perfect. A vessel of undiluted power
just waiting to be opened, which is your right as the the one who slew
it."

Harry couldn't think of what to say, it was too unexpected after
everything else. It was a generous gift indeed as a dragon's heart was
worth well over five hundred gallons, but one earned through killing. He
didn't know how he should feel about it. He was too filled with emotion
over other things.

"I... thank you," he tried uncertainly, "But how... what am I to do with
it... precisely?"

Voldemort sighed, a bit disappointed by his apprentice's lack of
excitement.

"A small part of it, you will eat, raw. It is good for the health of
your heart, lungs, and liver and it is said to extend one's health by
twenty years. It also helps to strengthen your magical core. The rest of
it you will use as a sacrifice to the god or goddess of your choice, to
gain both their favor and their protection. Choose wisely, and you may
be granted the ability to push aside your moon madness and protect
yourself against the malignant magics of spirits and fae."

Harry's eyes widened. Oh, bollocks! He hadn't a clue which deity to
choose! He had been so busy with other things, he'd barely skimmed a few
pages of *The Book of a Thousand Gods*. Voldemort took one look at him
and seemed to understand. He sighed.

"It seems you work best when under pressure. You have until the Winter
Solstice to pick your god and prepare your alter. Teacher Brennan will
assist you in the actual ritual, as I will be Ireland. Go. You haven't
much time."

Harry left, but once free of the office he collapsed to his knees, and
found himself shaking uncontrollably. His heart began to pound and his
breathing became erratic.

Too much, too much. Too much to handle now at this moment. Too much
blood on his hands, too many mistakes, too many decisions. He couldn't
breath. He could only sit there, leaning against the wall, trying not to
faint as his world began crushing down on him.

Merlin, he was going to die from thinking too much.

---

In case, you're wondering, Hermione can't kiss Viktor on the mouth due
to a Chastity Contract. Snape mentioned it before. If she did kiss
Viktor, he'd have the rather unpleasant experience of a severe rash...
on and in his mouth. It's a method to discourage rape as well as
consensual infidelity and underage sex and 'snogging'.

A wizarding world movie star, yes they have movies although not as
prevalent as with muggles, who specializes in action films. Like Jet Li,
Jean Claude Van Dame, or Arnold Schwarzenegger in the muggle world.
Imagine any of these people playing in the Triwizard Tournament. I did
and kept laughing all day at random moments.
