# The Forbidden Land II

The snow had picked up, and even with his perfect night vision, Harry
found himself disoriented in the dizzying fall. He didn't mind. It was
sort of fun. Besides, the enchanted ring on his watch insured he never
became too lost. His glasses, the spares he wore at night to hide his
night shine, had been transfigured into goggles to keep the snow out of
his eyes. His fur cloak and boots made the cold tolerable.

He wondered if Snape realized he had run off yet, and if he realized
where he had gone. The potion's master would figure it out eventually,
and he wished he could see his expression when he did. Or Voldemort's.
That might be interesting too. In a scary, swimming with sharks kind of
way. His musings accompanied him all the way to the barrier, which he
didn't notice until he walked right into it, nose first. Thankfully, he
hadn't been in a hurry when he hit it.

It took a few moments to dig out the champion's badge and a few more to
figure out how it worked, and finally he managed to push his way inside.
He shivered at the feel of the barrier passing over his skin. He put the
badge away and pulled out his watch again.

"Viktor," he said, and observed as the minute and second hands
reoriented themselves. He followed it north.

---

It took Snape exactly twenty six minutes to realize Harry had taken
Diggory's badge. Twenty-five of those minutes he had been legitimately
distracted assessing Diggory's condition and receiving a summary of what
little the medi-wizard knew about how he'd come into such a state.

It took twelve minutes to confirm that Harry wasn't in the castle, and
another three minutes to reach Voldemort's office.

The Dark Lord had been there most nights for the last few weeks, though
he might be anywhere in the country during the day. Snape wasn't about
to ask for an explanation for this, but he thought tonight might have
something to do with it. Had the man set this all up? He couldn't fathom
the reasons, but when it came to his master that was hardly uncommon.

He entered the office. Delacour was there already, drinking something
she probably shouldn't to calm her nerves. To her credit, she wasn't
crying or hysterical, she just didn't seem comfortable with sitting
still. Voldemort was behind his desk, writing out something. He looked
up at Snape as he entered.

"I expected you sooner. Was there a complication with Mr. Diggory?"

Snape looked at him squarely, trying to figure out if the Dark Lord
wasn't aware of the entire situation already.

"... No, Diggory is in stasis. He'll keep until St. Mungo's can come and
get him. There's no telling if his heart is salvageable though. Centaur
poisons are impressive, even by my standards."

Voldemort nodded. "Hearts are easy enough to replace."

He turned to Delacour and gave her a reassuring smile. "Do not worry, my
dear. He will receive the finest of care. Britain is indebted to you for
bring our champion to safety."

She managed a shy, relieved smile. Snape was more than happy to ruin it.

"There are a few more urgent matters I must discuss with you."

"Of course. Viktor must be recovered at once. I have sent for Morgan and
a team of Sentinels. With Diggory unable to compete, the badge will
allow anyone to use it. They'll find him and bring these renegades under
control within the hour."

Snape grimaced. Well, at least he knew *Potter's* part in the story
hadn't been planned.

"About that..."

---

It took him almost an hour to find Viktor. Even with his compass, he
couldn't tell *how far* the other boy was, and it turned out to be
nearly a mile and a half. An easy walking distance normally, but the
mounting blizzard made it much less so. He was very glad he had such an
excellent pair of boots.

Not just because they were warm either.

They were also very silent, which, along with his Baluvian cloak, was
perhaps the only reason he was able to get so close to Viktor without
getting shot. The Durmstang champion laid inside a cave near a small
fire, seemingly unconscious. Two armed centaurs stood at the mouth of
the cave, their backs to the fire, peering out into the blinding snow
for enemies. Staring at them, Harry could see they were both in bad
shape.

The younger of them was injured, partially burned on the right side of
his equine body and there was a gash on his arm. Clearly, he had met the
brunt of the other champion's retaliation. They were both thin.
Alarmingly thin. Their equine ribs were easily visible, and their cheeks
and eyes were sunken.

"We do not murder children," said the elder, uninjured one, not looking
at the other. "What you did was inexcusable."

"Children do not blow up people," the other said darkly. "They are the
reason we are going to die in this place. I would have my vengeance."

The elder said nothing for a moment, turning his eyes upwards to a sky
of endless gray and white.

"It is a wicked moon tonight. It guides your mind to wicked thoughts."

"She resents that remark."

Two arrows whizzed by Harry, neither coming even close to hitting him.
He flicked his wand and bother their bows flew out of their hands and
into the snow. Now that they were unarmed, he pulled back his hood and
removed his goggles. The younger tried to locate his weapon, but the
elder merely look at him. He didn't look nearly as surprised as he
should have.

"Hello," Harry said, smiling pleasantly, "Do you make it a habit of
shooting every wizard you come across? I honestly thought centaurs were
one of the less aggressive races."

The younger centaur stopped searching, and turned to him, glaring
hatefully.

"You mock us? After all you have done, you have the gall to-"

His companion held up his hand, signaling him to be silent. Harry tilted
his head curiously.

"I have never seen you before," the elder said, "But the stars have
spoken of you."

"Do you hear the stars?" Harry asked.

"Yes. We hear the stars and the planets," he said, then looked to his
companion disapprovingly, "If we listen *carefully*."

"I only hear the moon," Harry admitted, "And she's more than I can
handle, but she is not wicked. Not really... I'm Harry, by the way. Or
did the stars already tell you that?"

"They call you by a different name, Ghihalmelan. I am Firenze."

Harry nodded and turned to the younger expectantly, but he just crossed
his arms and glowered.

"What do you want?"

Harry smiled. "I want Viktor. My friend pretending to be unconscious
over there. You can stop now."

The prone figure looked up, and glared at him. Or tried to. There was a
gash on his head, and he didn't seem able to focus on anything.

"And I want to know why you tried to kill Cedric. What did he ever do to
you?"

The younger centaur snorted and stomped his foot, his glare utterly
hateful.

"We are trapped in this place, isolated from our herd, from food and
shelter so that we will die slowly of starvation and exposure, and you
wonder why we are upset?!"

"Ulaithur," Firenze warned, then turned to Harry. "We want out of this
barrier. We were trapped here, and do not know why. When we saw the
other wizards and witch, we kept ourselves hidden and tried to determine
your purposes. We don't know what you are looking for, but the talismans
you wear seemed the only means of escape. We managed to take this ones,"
he pointed to Viktor, "but he ran away before we could make him tell us
how it worked. We gave chase. The other boy and girl tried to stop us.
Even after we caught him, it didn't help. The talisman doesn't work for
us."

"Why didn't you just ask them for help? This is just an accident. They
must have put up the barrier without realizing you were here."

"Like we said, we didn't know your purposes, but you obviously didn't
want anyone else finding what they were looking for."

Harry thought about it, and decided their story made perfect sense. It
was all a big, rather violent misunderstanding. They were desperate, not
malicious. He sighed.

"The Dark Lord will be angry..." he explained. "You interrupted a very
important tournament, and *nearly* killed our champion. I don't know
what he will do to you if he finds you, but death will probably be the
least of your worries."

Firenze nodded, and looked up again.

"The moon is bad... but the stars are in our favor."

"The moon is not bad," Harry insisted. "I would not be here if She were.
I will take all of you out of the barrier. You will be able to go where
ever you like from there."

"Why should we trust you?" Ulaither snarled, hooves pawing the earth in
agitation.

"If I wanted to hurt you, I could have done it before you even knew I
was here," Harry pointed out. "Besides, what else can you do?"

The centaur looked like he had swallowed something foul. Harry was
exasperated to find that he reminded him of Ron. At least, he didn't say
anything else. The centaurs gathered up their scant supplies, and
Firenze allowed the still disoriented Viktor onto his back, which only
seemed to deepen Ulaither's hatred for the wizards. Viktor was weak and
disoriented from the blow to his head, and cold was finally starting to
seep into him as they left the fire behind. Twice they had to stop when
the boy lost his grip and slid from Firenze's back, Harry being the only
thing keeping him from hitting the ground both times.

Harry convinced Firenze to help him take Viktor to the Sleuw's house. It
was close to the unbarriered part of the Forbidden Forest, and would be
a safe place to part ways for all of them. It was two miles Southeast,
and another hour and half in deepening snow. Even Harry, high on the
moon's magic, was starting to tire as they struggled through the storm.
He couldn't imagine what the centaurs were feeling, for though they held
a steady pace, they had to be worse off than him. They hadn't eaten in
who knew how long? Days at least, and one of them was injured while the
other carried another person. Despite what they had done, Harry found
himself admiring them.

He found the barrier when he smacked into it...again.

"I hate it when that happens," he muttered, and pulled the talisman out.
"I'm not sure if this will take all of us across at once. I'll walk
Firenze across first, then Viktor, then Ulaither."

He helped Viktor down and set him beside the barrier, casting a quick
warming charm on him.

"Hey," he said, shaking the older boy gently, "Stay awake or you'll get
hypothermia."

Tiredly, Viktor forced his eyes open. "Potter?"

"Yep?"

"Yur crazy."

Harry laughed, loud and hard, and then went to Firenze. He held out his
hand but Firenze shook his head.

"Among my people, you offer your left hand to your family as a sign of
affection and the right to your friends as a sign of trust."

"And to strangers?"

"We do not offer our hands." He held out his right hand, and Harry
graciously took it in his and lead him through the barrier. It was much
harder to move through it together than it had been alone, and the force
of it nearly pulled them both to the ground. They were left shaking and
gasping as they pulled free of it.

Harry went back for Viktor. It was hard to say whether it was easier or
harder to pull the older boy through than it was Firenze, as he was
already tired and Viktor was leaning on him heavily. Firenze took him
from Harry, and the Gryffindor stumbled back across for Ulaither. The
younger centaur was shifting and pawing at the ground anxiously, unable
to hold still. Panting hard and exhausted, Harry held out his hand for
the final trip.

Ulaither suddenly went very still.

Harry, who had been bent over to catch his breath, saw his entire equine
body tense and looked up. The look in the centaur's eyes gave everything
away. Harry recoiled, but Ulaither caught his arm on retreat and pulled
him closer to catch his throat with the free hand.

"Ulaither! Stop!" Firenze commanded, but he was helpless to stop
anything from the other side of the barrier. The younger centaur tossed
Harry to the ground, tearing the talisman from his neck as he went. He
reared up on his hind quarters and let out a cry of triumph. Harry
scrambled away, his wand lost somewhere in the snow. Ulaither turned to
Harry, perhaps to complete his vengeance and kill him, but found the boy
had pulled a sword from his cloak, so he merely gloated instead.

"I hope you enjoy your stay as much as we did, though I doubt a mere
human like you will even survive the night," he sneered, and forced his
way through the barrier. Firenze was there to greet him with a fist to
the head. Ulaither stumbled back, but found his footing and reared up to
strike back. Harry watched in horrified fascination as their hooves tore
at one another even as their fist punched and wrestled in the
animalistic savagery.

Ulaither broke away first, but he still had the talisman and rather than
surrender it, he ran. Firenze started to give chase.

"Firenze! No, let him go!"

The elder centaur pulled up short, and turned back to him. Harry shook
his head.

"People know where I am. They'll come looking for me eventually, but
Viktor isn't going to last long out here. Take him to the Sleuw's and
then go home. I'll be fine."

"Harry..." Viktor said, tiredly, "He has my talisman too. I can't come
back."

"Fleur still has hers. She can bring me back. Go, before you fall asleep
again."

Viktor protested, but Firenze grabbed him and tossed him across his
back. He turned back to Harry before he left.

"The moon is wicked tonight, Ghihalmelan, but she desires something
other than your death. I hope the stars will align so that we might meet
again under better circumstances."

"Until then, my friend," Harry called back, and searched for his lost
wand. Firenze knew where to go, but he still needed to find shelter and
start a fire. He was hungry too, but he would have to do without. It
hadn't been in his plans to be stuck outside all night and the only food
he had was some candy to snack on. He should save it for later.

He glanced back, but Firenze and Viktor could no longer be seen through
the curtain of snow. He looked down at the Sword of Gryffindor.

"You came in handy after all."

---

Fleur did not know Professor Snape very well, and she hadn't been
particularly impressed with him when she had her first class with him.
He knew what he was doing, but his teaching technique seemed crass and
his appearance altogether uncleanly (well, honestly it was just his hair
that looked unclean but that was more than enough). Standing in his
presence as he systematically replaced every layer of her clothing with
combat gear and informed her of her 'mission', she knew she had
seriously underestimated him.

"The barrier is designed to be indestructible from the outside, but
simple enough to bring down from within. The barrier is maintained by
six keystones, if any one of them is destroyed part of the barrier will
fail. You will destroy one of them and our Sentinels will take care of
the rest."

He began loosening and tightening her armor so the pieces moved smoothly
without getting caught on each other.

"The centaurs are dangerous, particularly at night. Their vision is
better, and they are experts with crossbows and concealment. This armor
will protect you from their arrows, unless they manage to shoot you in
the face."

She chose to ignore that last statement.

"And what about 'Arry and Viktor?"

"Potter can leave any time he wants to. He has a badge. Krum apparently
lost or damaged his and can't. The only way he's leaving is if he finds
Potter or *you* *destroy the keystone*."

"And if zey are dead?"

He gave her a blank look. "If they teach necromancy at Beauxbaton's,
then I only ask that you use your discretion before raising them."

She gave a huff, and walked out of the Dueling Hall closet, and stopped.
There was a crowd of students hanging out around the back doors, and
they were all looking at her expectantly. She steeled herself and
stalked forward, Snape following behind her.

Jophery was there and first to speak up.

"Vat's going on, Delacour? Vat happened to Diggory? Vere's Viktor?"

"I really don't 'ave time for zis right now," she said, pushing passed
him and into the crowd that started to pull back as Snape came up behind
her. She had to stop again however, when confronted by the Weasley
twins, looking surprisingly menacing when they weren't smiling.

"Then how about telling us where Potter is? We can't find him anywhere
and his cloak is missing."

A surprised murmur drifted through the crowd. Snape moved ahead, facing
off against them and their intolerable quick-wittedness.

"Mr. Krum is where he usually is when he isn't in the castle and Diggory
has had an unfortunate accident. I wasn't aware Potter was roaming this
evening, but if does not return to his dormitory before curfew than I
guarantee you will find him in detention tomorrow night," he sneered.
"As will the rest of you, if you are not back in your respective houses
in exactly," he checked his watch. "Six minutes. I recommend you hurry.
This week's detention is cleaning out the spider webs in the sixth
tower."

There was a collective shudder in the crowd. They had all heard stories
about the sixth tower. It was supposedly cursed and infested with
thousands of spiders. You couldn't see six inches ahead of you with all
the cobwebs in the way. And it hadn't been cleaned out since the search
for the acrumantula. Most of the crowd quickly scurried off. The Weasley
twins and Jophery weren't so easily dissuaded.

They glared at the potions master and Fleur, who met their gaze firm and
steady before moving on. It would have all ended at that, but Pansy
Parkinson came running down the hall.

"Professor! Professor!" she wheezed, hurrying up to him.

"What is it?"

"It's- It's Krum! He's back. That hairy giant just hauled him in. He's a
mess!"

Fleur and he shared a quick glance at each other, before turning back to
her.

"Where is he now?"

"The Great Hall. Hagrid just set him in front of the fire and went to go
get the nurse."

"Idiot," Snape curse under his breath. "He should have just taken him
straight to the infirmary. Who's with him?"

"McGunny," she said scornfully, more than happy to make the situation
sound as boxed up as she could so she would appear smarter for having
noticed. "And Professor Flitwick and McGonagall."

The students around them were very quickly moving off and Snape
seriously doubted it was to get to their dorm rooms. Scowling fiercely,
he headed towards the Great Hall to see what could be learned.

He was quite pleased to see that several teachers had arrived and were
already ordering the students out of the Great Hall and to their beds. A
few were lingering stubbornly, including McGunny and several of his
reporters, but they too were being herded away. He squeezed in with
Fleur, and made their way to the great fireplace. Viktor was there, and
he did indeed look a mess. His cloak and boots had been pulled off, and
he was wrapped in a blanket. His skin was pale, his hair wet, and he was
shaking. A towel pressed to the side of his face, obscuring his
expression. There were splashes of red against the white terry cloth.

"Viktor!" Fleur said, rushing to his side, finding an opening on the
floor beside McGonogall. He looked at her hazily, and managed a weak
smile.

"Hey."

"He has a concussion, so he's disoriented," McGonogall explained. "But
he doesn't appear to be seriously injured."

"What do you know so far?" Snape asked her. Her expression became
distinctly unfriendly, but she answered.

"He was attacked by centaurs. They took his talisman before he could
escape and then captured him. Then he tells me *Potter* came and talked
to them, and convinced them to let him go. I *think*that's what he said.
He's not making a lot of sense. Hagrid, however, confirmed that there
was at least one centaur. He handed Mr. Krum over to Hagrid when he met
him on patrol."

"Patrol?"

"In case you haven't noticed, we're in the middle of a blizzard," she
said icily. "Very easy for someone to get lost in. He took one of his
dogs to patrol along the barrier in case anyone came out and needed
help. It seems his idea had merit."

"Indeed. Well, that is one less thing to worry about. Did Potter show
up?"

Her eyes widened.

"Don't tell me Harry really *did* go into that place and rescue another
champion?"

"That would make all three, if he has. Hopefully, he's got it out of his
system now."

"Three? How did he save Diggory?"

"Later. Did Potter turn up?"

She hesitated. "I haven't seen him, but then..." she looked cautiously
at Viktor and Fleur. "It's that time of the month. I didn't expect to
see him at all after sunset."

"'Zat time of ze month?'" Fleur asked curiously. Snape gave her the look
she was quickly associating with sarcasm.

"Yes, I suppose there's no hiding it now. Potter's actually a girl..."

She scowled at him. "Excuse me for noticing zat you are both talking
weird."

"He has a monthly project for one of his classes that requires him to be
up most of the night. That's all," McGonogall assured her, awarding
Snape a warning glare. "I'll check with Professor Brennan and the Tower
just to be sure."

"You do that. In the meantime, Miss Delacour, you will go ahead with the
original plan. Even if the danger has passed, the Sentinels must still
investigate the attacks."

"You're sending her out in this weather? After everything that's
happened?"

"It is her decision. If she doesn't want to go, she doesn't have to."

Everyone was suddenly looking at her, but she was looking up at Viktor,
whose expression had become so miserable.

"I couldn't do anyzing," he said. "I couldn't save myself and couldn't
protect him either, and he didn't even ask it of me. He just smiled and
said he'd be fine and valked off. He vasn't scared at all. I zink he's
gone mad."

"No, he's always been like that," Snape muttered.

"Don't worry, I'll find him," she promised, and got up to go. It was now
past eleven, and the night was long and her task would be difficult in
this weather. She strode out of the Great Hall, and of all people to
have avoided the teachers, it should be Natalie. Her expression was
tight with restrained emotion, but Fleur could see it in every line of
her face.

"It's Harry, isn't it?" she said, as if she already knew the answer.
"He's gotten himself into trouble again, hasn't he?"

Fleur said nothing, but Natalie cursed as if she'd answered.

"That idiot. That stupid... he always does this... God dammit, what is
*wrong* with him?" she snarled, and then just stalked away. It was the
most baffling thing Fleur had ever seen the other girl do, and Natalie
was a baffling person in general. Could Natalie and Potter...?

She pushed the thought aside. It was irrelevant for now. She had to make
sure he was alive before she started wondering at his love life.

---

Harry managed to find shelter in a hollowed out hill, eroded at some
point by a flood. It was smaller than the centaur's cave, but that was
just as well. There was less space that needed to be heated. He had
enlarged the spare cloak he had packed (just in case Viktor had needed
something warm and dry), and hung it over the entrance to keep out the
wind and keep in the warm, and his Everheating Fire Spell would burn for
hours even with only a few soaking wet twigs.

It was *good* to be magical.

After that, he was too exhausted and hungry to do anything else but curl
up inside his cloak and watch the fire. Dawn was still hours away, and
the moon was still giddy and laughing in his ears. He smiled a bit and
chuckled sleepily. He had never slept during a full moon since that
summer, but he thought he might achieve it this time. It had indeed been
an interesting night.

He was going to get thirty lashes for this, which wasn't really funny,
except that he probably going to give Snape a sore arm. All of his
friends were probably beating their heads against the wall and
lamenting, 'not again!' He really was hopeless, but that was okay. He
had his honor and his regrets were few.

He wasn't going die here, at least. Once the storm was over, Fleur would
find him and no doubt take him home. It was just a matter of time.

---

Fleur found him in twenty minutes. Despite Snape's instructions, she
wanted to make sure that Harry was alright first. The snow had started
to lessen, but the temperature had dropped and the wind was picking up.
She was convinced he would be half dead when she found him, so it was a
pleasant surprise to find that he was in fact fully alive and had found
himself a shelter. She certainly didn't mind sharing it with him.

He was fast asleep, and didn't so much as stir as she made the place
more comfortable. Snape wasn't a nice man, but he was a practical one
and hadn't expected her to complete her task until after the storm
(which made her wonder if he hadn't sent her knowing perfectly well she
would attempt to find Harry first). As such, he had provided her with
abundant supplies in a convenient carry all Bottomless Bag. She pulled
out two sleeping mats, blankets, and pillows and rolled them out beside
Harry. Then rolled Harry onto one.

He didn't really wake up, but shifted into a more comfortable position
and grumbled, "Go sleep in your own bed, Luna." That gave her pause, and
she wondered for a moment if that were some sort of nickname for Natalie
or perhaps the reason Natalie always seemed angry with him.

She cast a protection spell on the entrance of the cave, and climbed
into her own sleeping mat beside him. Tomorrow, they would have plenty
of time to talk and plan, but for now all either of them really needed
or wanted was sleep.

---

Gryffindor was sleepless that night. McGonogall had checked the common
room twice (mostly to make sure the Weasley twins hadn't snuck out) and
found it filled with students each time. She didn't have the heart to
tell them to go to bed. They may not have known Harry's habit of
wandering the halls during the full moon, but tonight, when both Diggory
and Krum had been attacked, they were all very aware that he wasn't with
them *now*.

She understood how they felt, and though there would be a lot of tired
faces and short tempers in the morning, she would over look it this
once. In a way, it was comforting. She couldn't bring herself to sleep
either. That boy would be the death of her. He was worse than all the
Marauders and young Snape, Lucius, and Narcissa put together... in a
room with weapons, potions ingredients, and gum.

Speaking of Snape...

"What are *you* doing here?" she blurted out, before she could stop
herself. He gave her an annoyed... more annoyed than usual... look, and
took a sip of his tea. Slowly. He had a skill for making people feel
foolish, but she had long ago developed immunity. "You know what I mean.
Even you sleep more than four hours a night."

"Really, last I heard I apparently don't sleep at all, and survive on
revival potions. It's why I'm so cranky all the time, you know," he said
idly, and took another sip. She wasn't impressed.

"I'm immune to your Slytherin wit, Snape, so you can drop it."

"And I'm not your student anymore, *Professor,*so you can bite me."

She snorted, and retrieved a cup from the pantry and then helped herself
to his kettle. There was just enough left for one cup. He must have been
there for quite some time. She gave him a considering look, taking a
sip. It wasn't the school's tea, which was, alas, one of its few
failings. This tea was actually *good*.

He must have noticed her expression (and been very tired), because he
offered an explanation.

"A Christmas present from Vesper. We both had a deep loathing of the
school's Earl Grey... or mop water... or whatever the house elves try to
pass off as tea."

Oh, Vesper. Poor, poor Vesper. The staff all still talked of her,
remembered her fondly. Her strange love for Snape had been a topic of
many colorful conversations, and to this day no one could agree on
whether her fiancée had loved her back. McGonogall hadn't believe he was
capable of it anymore... hadn't, at least, until this moment. He had
sounded... *fond* when he spoke of her.

What was he doing up anyway?

"I wonder what she would have thought of all this," he said offhandedly,
without prompt. He was either very tired or he had drunk something other
than tea earlier, she thought. He was never this talkative. "I bet she
would have started a fight with our... with my master. Then gone and
done something insane and rescued him. God Almighty, they could have
already been related."

He rubbed his forehead as if in pain, but his tone still had that same
*fondness* in it. Her world tilted, ever so slightly. She set down her
tea and quickly took a seat before lost her balance.

Snape *had* cared about Vesper. And more importantly, he *did* care
about Harry. The sad thing was it was so incredibly obvious. Yes, they
bickered and lamented the other's existence, but who did Harry go to
when he needed guidance? She was rather sad to admit it wasn't her, but
definitely relieved that it wasn't usually Voldemort. And Snape, didn't
he always know what Harry was up to? Didn't he come to his rescue when
ever he got in over his head?

If Snape didn't care, would he be up here at three in the morning,
waiting for word of the boy?

"She was a remarkable woman," McGonogall said, trying to hide the quiver
in her voice. "He certainly could have benefited from her guidance."

"And she could have benefited from his dumb luck," he said bitterly, but
continued on in his usual reserve. "I'll never find another woman of
that caliber. It's incredible that I should have even known two. I don't
know how I'm going to settle for anyone else after them. We'll make each
other miserable for sure."

She felt another wave of shock. He intended to get married? As she
understood it, he hadn't been interested in it until Vesper had proposed
to *him*.

"You want a wife?"

He gave her a wicked smirk. "I'm not that crazy. I want children,
preferably legitimate ones, which unfortunately requires a significant
legal other."

Who was this man?

"You look surprised."

"You hate children."

"I hate *other* people's children. I'm told it makes a difference when
they're your own. Besides, if loving children had anything to do with
it, you'd have popped out a dozen by now."

And why the hell was she talking to him? They hadn't talked... ever
really. He had arrived at Hogwarts a scared, intelligent, lonely little
boy. They had never said anything to each other not in reference to
schoolwork or his most recent fight with the Marauders. He had left
school an angry, intelligent, ambitious young man. She had never heard
of him again, let alone spoken of him until he came back. He had
returned a jaded revolutionist, disenchanted with his own cause. She had
hated him for that, knowing he must have been among those who had
murdered friends and students of hers for reasons he didn't even believe
in. Nothing in his behavior suggested contrition, and after all these
years she had never forgiven him.

She still didn't. She couldn't. But...

"I pity your future offspring."

His smirked widened. "Me too."

'And I pity you,' she thought to herself. 'I hate you for what you've
done, and I pity you for whatever made you this way. I never thought of
you as lonely until now.'

"At least you'll have some practice with Potter," she said.

He made a face, and she burst out laughing. She hadn't seen that face
since she'd made him pair with James Potter in seventh year
transfiguration. How strange that this man should be acting as the
guardian to his fiercest enemy's child. Or perhaps it was appropriate.
That child was Lily's too. Perhaps it explained their relationship. An
old hatred for the father mixed in with the old love for the mother. He
must be as confused and conflicted as she felt right now.

It still didn't explain Harry though.

But then, when it came to being mysterious and surprising, that child
could give an old pro like Dumbledore a run for his money.

---

"This is starting to get ridiculous," Voldemort thought to himself
standing out on the turret of the tower. He had no real business being
up there. It was late, cold, and frankly dangerous (for anyone other
than himself) to be out in the storm. He needed somewhere to think
though, and his office felt stifling tonight.

He had intended to talk with Harry this evening, keep the boy company as
they waited out the night. It seemed he had missed his chance, and that
was rather irksome in more ways than ones. He didn't mind making plans
around whatever mischief Harry got himself into, but it was another
matter altogether to break plans because of him.

The moon madness had been funny to begin with, with no real harm
apparent, but if it continued to lead to such an absence of judgment,
something would have to be done. Harry got into enough trouble when he
*wasn't* looking for it.

This could all be easily manipulated into his favor, but people were
going to start to wonder why Harry was allowed to get into these
situations in the first place. Certainly, *responsible*guardians didn't
let their children wander around in the middle of the night or negotiate
political situations with dangerous magical beasts. This was very
close-minded in his opinion, but people were often unreasonable when it
came to their offspring or even other people's offspring.

He wondered what it was like when people had a dozen children with the
expectation that they wouldn't all live to adulthood. If it had all
remained that way he rather thought the wizarding world would have a lot
less stupid people, and the ministry wouldn't have been necessary (he
was convinced it was only invented to protect the stupid witches and
wizards from their own silliness, but of course it eventually was
infected itself by it).

If he were still capable of having children, he would have been sure to
raise them the old fashion way, but the closest thing he had was Harry,
and who knew if there would ever be anyone else with as much potential?
With no children of his own, Harry would have to carry on the Slytherin
line and the gift of parseltongue, while simultaneously serving as his
lord as protege, companion, and prince. He had to be careful with him.

Even if testing his limits was so much fun.

It was time that Harry called on a little divine protection. The Earth
favored them both, but while he had the benefit of carrying her cause
for the next thousand years, Harry's position was more tenuous. Or
perhaps transcendental would be a more accurate term. At any moment, She
might decide Harry would serve her better as something other than Harry,
and reclaim his body and his memories so that his spirit might take some
other form and then who Voldemort have to talk to?

So Harry needed protection from a lesser, but strongly influential god.
No god would directly defy the Mother, but She was less inclined to
interfere with a person under the management of one of her Children.

The sooner Harry found such a deity the better. He needed all the
protection he could get.

---
