# The Knighted II

Fleur looked across the lake at Hogwarts and thought, sulkily, it looked
rather pretty at a distance. In a rugged sort of way. After a month, she
thought she would get use to the differences, and lately she had been
doing a good job at not making comparisons between home and here. She
still felt the differences though. She felt out of alignment with her
surroundings, unable to find the proper flow of things.

She found herself envying the Durmstang students, who flaunted their
adaptability with careless confidence. Their champion was already going
out with a Hogwarts girl, who was cute and clever, but really too young
and naïve to be dating someone Viktor's age in her opinion. Fleur had
her own fair share of boys making offers, barely a day went by when
someone wouldn't ask her on a date or at least try to, but they were
either completely unappealing or reminded her painfully of Clotaire.
Besides, she knew exactly what they wanted and it wasn't her
conversation. She could smell it coming off of them.

Natalie was... a bitch. Sometimes she was a fun bitch, but a bitch all
the same. There were a few people she might like to make friends with.
Krum, maybe. He *was* pretty interesting, but the only girl he had eyes
for was Granger. He was also a rival champion and she knew better than
to make things complicated by becoming friends. The same applied to
Diggory, who was just as cute as a button. Potter had sounded like he'd
be interesting, but having seen him in person she felt disappointed. He
was just so *young*. He didn't look capable of doing half the things
she'd heard he had done, and when she'd asked Natalie the girl had just
snorted and rolled her eyes. Of course, that could have meant anything.

Classes were dull, but she'd always found that true even at
Beauxbaton's, but at least she'd had enough extra-curricular activities
to take up her time and interest. Right now, the only thing she had to
look forward to was the first challenge, which wasn't for another two
weeks. Madam Maxime hadn't been able to give her any clues about the
first challenge, except that it had been designed by Lord Voldemort
himself.

And wasn't *he* a surprise. He was supposed to be in his sixties, but
*damn*, he looked fine. Smelled interesting too. Like earthy things,
burning leaves, and masculinity. She had only talked to him in person
once, right after the Goblet of Fire had announced them as the
champions, when he had been congratulating them. He had kissed her hand,
looked at her with those piercing red eyes and wicked smile, and said,
"Such beauty and grace hiding fierceness and power, you are a true
Athena. I look forward to seeing your divinity unleashed."

Athena was the goddess of wisdom and war.

She was also the ancestor of the veela. Cursed ancestor, but ancestor
nonetheless.

He'd *read* about her. Spied on her or something. Not unreasonable given
the situation, but it sent a thrill of intrigue down her spine. But he
was gone now, and she hadn't seen him since. He was suppose to be at the
next challenge though. A Master of Ceremonies as it were. She wondered
what he'd do if she won the next challenge? If she won the tournament?

It left her as excited as she'd first felt when Madam Maxime had told
her about the tournament and invited her to enter.

Then she thought of home. Thought of Beauxbaton's and it's endless
gardens and lawns, the cries of peacocks wandering the grounds, dinners
served on different china patterns every day, warm breezes through the
bedroom windows at night, masquerades, and sneaking over the gates for
an adventure in Paris whenever the days became too stifling. She thought
of roaming the city with Gabrielle during Christmas time, feeling like a
little girl caught up in her little sister's enthusiasm, and mama and
papa acting like newly weds, testaments to fact that true love existed
and was forever.

"Such a sad look for such a pretty girl."

She spun around, her wand in her hand. A man, a young man, was standing
behind her, some strange object mounted on a tripod resting over his
shoulder. His hair was orange, a color that seemed to be equated with
the Weasely Family in Hogwarts, but she couldn't be certain. There had
to be *other* orange haired wizards and witches in Scotland, after all.

She lowered her wand, but didn't put it away. She was aware, as any
young woman alone with a strange man is aware, that he was bigger and
stronger than her. He lifted a brow at her, smiled, and shook his head.

"Don't mind me, miss. I'm too busy with my job to attempt any
canoodling, even with someone as pretty as you. Besides, I'm a
gentleman."

Fleur didn't know what 'canoodling' meant, but she could guess. She hid
her discomfort with indignation. "Az if I would *canoodle* with you!
Gentlemen do not zneek up on young ladies."

His grin only widen, and he even had the audacity to laugh at her.

"Ah, you're one of the Frenchies."

Now, she was honestly indignant.

"I am *French*, not a *Frenchie*, and you are rude."

"I've been called a lot of things, but rude usually isn't one of them.
Let's call it a cultural misunderstanding, shall we? My name is William
Weasley, by the way, but everyone calls me Bill."

She wasn't interested. Not even a little. Nope.

"I am Fleur Delacour, and you may call me *Miss* Delacour or,
preferably, you could not call me at all."

He frowned. "Now who's being rude? Or are only Frenchies allowed to get
away with it?"

"Well, I never!" She started to stalk away, purposely knocking him in
the shoulder as she passed to prove he didn't intimidate her. It was
harder than she thought. He had very muscular arms.

"Well, maybe you should!" he called after her.

She gave him the finger without looking back.

---

"Have you had any problems between your house and the foreigners? I know
Slytherins can be a bit territorial," Voldemort asked, not looking up
from his notes. On the other side of his desk, Snape sipped his tea,
looking the picture of dignified reserve, as he had for the last twenty
minutes.

"Nothing too outrageous. The French students tend to irritate a lot of
the girls with their complaining, but they've taken to avoiding each
other rather than antagonizing. There is some worrisome behavior between
Draco and young Mr. Krum, but given the situation with Ms. Granger, that
might be for the best. A scandal involving a fight between two boys will
be a lot less troublesome than a scandal involving a seventeen year old
foreigner taking advantage of Commander Malfoy's fourteen year old
daughter."

Voldemort looked up at him. "What are the chances of that occurring?"

"I don't honestly see Krum as the type to force himself on anyone, and
my goddaughter is pragmatic enough not to be seduced. Even if my
estimations are wrong for the both of them, she's under a Chastity
Contract. She's not getting anything more than a kiss until she's
legally married. Rumors do happen, however. A protective older brother
standing between them should waylay those. He's her designated chaperon
in my absence."

That made Voldemort smile.

"Does Lucius know about this?"

"I honestly don't know. I am not going to mention it to him. He tends to
be unreasonable when it comes to my goddaughter."

"He is her father."

"No, he isn't."

Voldemort felt a sting of curiosity. It was a very rare occasion that
Snape would contradict him so bluntly. It was also rare to see him
display any sort of protectiveness for someone. He'd seen the vaguest
hints of it when his godchildren were younger, and only once or twice in
regards to Potter. He'd almost convinced himself such incidences had
never happened.

"I'll trust your judgment in this matter then, and leave you with a
reminder that it wouldn't be worth Lucius' anger to take too many
liberties in Miss Granger's upbringing, even if you are her godfather."

Snape hesitated, but nodded. "Thank you, Master. Will that be all?"

"Yes. I'm sorry I can't stay longer, but you understand the schedule I'm
keeping. I have one more appointment and then I'll be going."

The potions master nodded, and left. Ten minutes later, Brennan entered
the office.

"Fáilte[^71-1]," he said to the teacher. "It has been a while, old friend."

The man gave him a less than friendly look. "Friend, is it? If knowing
exactly who you are and actively not pursuing your death qualifies me as
your friend, than I suppose you can call me that."

Voldemort smirked. He'd known Brennan since he was just a boy,
apprenticed to a teacher of his own and in love with the world. Now
Brennan was the teacher, and though still in love with the world, he was
cautious in his affections. The war hadn't been any kinder to the Druids
than it had any other sort of witch or wizard. It had been a miserable
time for the Irish in general.

"You should be more cautious. You never know when I won't be in the mood
to tolerate your insufferable self-righteousness. I should feel bad if I
killed you in a fit of pique."

Brennan just scowled.

"What do you want?"

"How is my apprentice?"

"Harry? He's magnificent. As if you didn't know. I've never seen anyone
so sensitive to the flow of magic. If he had half an idea of what he was
doing, he'd be the next Merlin, but his mind doesn't work like that. His
element is water, after all. He needs his boundaries defined for him or
he flounders. What did you do to him?"

"What do you think I did?" he laughed.

"You're the devil. You'll eat his soul given half the chance."

"That's a strange thing for a pagan to say..."

"There are many devils that the Druids fear. What did you do?"

The Dark Lord leaned further back into his chair. So Brennan truly
thought he had done something to Harry? Well, he suppose he had. He'd
been the one to introduce the old magics to the boy, to pull him slowly
away from the 'safe' magics, and finally he help the boy sell his soul.
Perhaps he really was the devil. What a titillating thought.

"Surprisingly little. He is an open and welcoming spirit. The Earth
wanted him already. I think She intended me to make him Hers from the
beginning. An angel to stand beside her devil."

"A balance?"

"She is all about balance."

"He's a child."

"So was I once. Won't you help me?"

"Help you? Help you what? Turn him into another one of you?"

"Of course not. There can only be one of me, but I see so much potential
for him. He can fulfill the roles I can't... do as easily. I am a
conqueror, he is a defender. I lead by the lash, he leads by example. He
*might* yet become my equal, but we shall never be the same."

Brennan said nothing for a long moment, taking in what was said and what
wasn't.

"And you are all right with that? Having an equal with different ideas
about how the world should be? You are too conceited to lend that much
trust. If you've come for assistance in binding that boy to you, I tell
you I'd rather die."

Voldemort's amused expression vanished.

"That can so easily be arranged. I do not need the aid of a feeble old
man to bind Harry to me. I have not even entertained the idea of such a
corruption of spirit. He'd be driven insane and I want him whole. That's
what I need you for. You are the only one he can turn to when I'm not
here. The only guiding hand."

"I don't need to be threatened to do that. He is my pupil, my
responsibility. I will not allow him to come to harm."

"But will you allow him to grow? It takes almost thirty years as a
disciple to become a fully fledged priest. I want you to speed the
process along."

Brennan looked horrified. "He hasn't even accepted being a Druid, only a
pagan, and you want me to make him a priest? No. He'll make that
decision for himself when he's an adult."

"It's the Earth's decision."

"You are *not* the Earth. However much she favors you, she doesn't obey
your whims."

This was starting to give the Dark Lord a headache, and he rubbed his
temple. He didn't want to argue with Brennan or get into metaphysical or
moral arguments. Especially not if the man was going to intentionally
misinterpret him at every turn.

"Fine. Suit yourself. Waste his potential. Bind his hands with your
fear. He'll break free of your restrictions soon enough. Go. Plant a
tree or something before I turn you into a woodpecker."

Brennan didn't dignify him with a reply and angrily stalked out.
Voldemort sighed.

And to think he'd been such a sweet kid.

---

The First Challenge was held on a Friday. Classes and clubs were all
canceled so everyone could attend. The Hogsmeade weekend would be the
next day. The only classes anyone seemed to have homework in was Potions
and DA&D.

It felt like Christmas to Harry, albeit a warm Christmas with a lot of
pumpkins turning up in odd places. He'd been working non-stop, with
barely enough time to spare any of his friends a hello, let alone sit
down and enjoy their company. He had even started dreaming about classes
in his sleep, and woke up one morning convinced he had already taken all
his quizzes for the week.

"For someone who flies so fast, you walk really slow," Draco groused,
trying to hurry without actually looking like it. Malfoys did not
*hurry* for anything or anyone, after all.

"It's fine, Draco. What's the rush? No one is going to steal your seat."

It was just past 8 o'clock in the morning and the tournament started at
nine, but already people were heading out to snag the best seats. Most
of the other students and teachers were heading for the newly
constructed stands on top of the lake. Harry, Hermione, Draco, all the
Weasley siblings, and a few others had found an even better vantage
point. Ginny's eldest brother, Bill, was part of the Safety Team who
would be standing by in case something went wrong, and had set up a
floating platform opposite the stands and closer to the action. He'd
invited them to take advantage of the view.

"Tell me who's brilliant idea it was to spend the tournament sitting
next to the Wealsey twins?" Draco groused.

"Your's," Hermione said, Colin following behind her once again with
camera already out and ready. "Well, actually I accepted Ginny's
invitation and you just sort of invited yourself along."

"Pfft. Like I can leave you unprotected with that lot?"

Harry and Hermione both rolled their eyes. They reached the edge of the
lake, and after a precarious hike through a swampy edge, came to rocky
beach. Fred and George were already there, helping Bill and Percy set up
the floating platform, which was easily as big a classroom, from atop
broomsticks until it was safe enough to land on. Ron and Ginny were
loading two rowboats with chairs, blankets, and other things and
charming them to float out to the platform. Harry and his friends
quickly went to helping them, and Angelina Johnson and Penelope
Clearwater turned up just as everything was ready.

They squeezed into couches and overstuffed chairs they'd transfigured
from wooden benches, but only after a rather ridiculous game of musical
chairs, in which Angelina squeezed herself in between Harry and her
boyfriend, Fred, only to realize she was next to George, so Harry got up
and sat next to Hermione, but Draco order him to move over so he could
sit next to her, which left him next to Ron, who got up... and by the
end of it all Harry was sitting on the orange shag rug (George's idea,
along with ottoman that wouldn't let you put your feet on it) between
Ginny and Colin, his bare feet hovering inches above the water.

All the while across the lake, people gathered in the stands like ants
on a sugar mound, and an obstacle course started to take shape as
workers set up a variety of barriers. Everyone had their own telescopes
(a Charms project Flitwick had been thoughtful enough to assign, and
little more than charmed paper cylinders a child might make to play
pirates), but Harry simply charmed his glasses to give him eagle vision.
He could make out strange sigles painted onto the grass along the shore
where the challenge would start, and waiting at the shore were large
golden keys, the course must have continued under water, for their were
strange glowing lines beneath the water that gradually faded as the lake
deepened. The course continued right up to the spectator stands, where
empty spaces had been left for champions to pass through. Three
broomsticks were chained to the platform, waiting for riders, and way
out at the middle of the lake was a single platform on which three
flags, each bearing one of the school's crest flapped in the wind. On
the neighboring shore there were still more stands where the flags would
have to be set, but if there were any more obstacles Harry couldn't make
them out.

He felt uneasy. There was a lot of space between each relay, and a lot
could go wrong... he shoved the thought aside. This was just a game. A
dangerous game, but there were people like Bill all around the lake
prepared to jump in if anything happened.

"Hey, Harry," Hermione said, pulling attention, "Do you know what those
symbols on the ground by the lake are?"

Harry took a closer look. He didn't recognize them, but their shapes
suggested they stored magic for some purpose.

"No... not really. They're not like any runes I've ever seen."

She looked disappointed. "McGunny said this challenge was designed by
Voldemort himself. I thought he might have shown you something like it."

Harry didn't say anything to that. He was uncomfortably aware that
everyone was now looking at him expectantly.

"What?"

Fred grinned. "Nothing, you're just so damn cute."

Everyone burst out laughing, including Harry, until Ron interrupted.

"Will you all shut up? I think it's starting."

At the lake shore, the three champions appeared.

---

Voldemort surveyed lake. Finding everything met with his approval so
far. The course had been perfectly laid, the stands completely filled,
the safety team all in their places, security was nearly as thick as the
spectators, and the champions appeared right on time. His Death Eaters,
those still living and loyal, sat at his left as honored veterans and to
his right the teachers and foreign officials as honored guests.

Lucius was seated directly beside him, looking as menacing and superior
as a general should. He wasn't entirely happy to be there, Voldemort
knew, as he had been diligently organizing his army and training them
for a war he felt was quickly approaching. Lucius was pragmatic,
however, and had accepted an invitation to meet some of his future
enemies up close.

"You should relax a little, Lucius," the Dark Lord suggested, "There
will be no battles for you to fight today."

"Yes, Master," Malfoy Sr. agreed but didn't lighten up. He hadn't
forgotten about Moody or the explosion that had nearly killed his son.
Where was Draco anyway?

The Dark Lord stood as the champions took their positions at the
starting line. He grinned darkly to himself and stood to address the
crowd.

---

From the back of the viewing box, Oblitz glanced around, crammed with
Death Eaters and political giants, the greatest among them the Dark Lord
himself, and felt almost giddy with anticipation. He had to wait for the
perfect moment, however, which arrived when the Dark Lord rose to
address the spectators.

"Welcome-"

Every eye was turned to the creature, unwillingly captivated by his
handsome face, his seductive tone, his charming vaguely archaic turn of
phrase as he talked of the five elements of the world. Water, air, fire,
earth, and...

"Spirit... the element with allows all living things to persist against
the forces of Nature and bend it to their benefit. The source of all
magic. Here today, we test these young champion's spirit in a battle..."

Oblitz stopped listening, without moving his head, he scanned the other
spectators and found them all suitably distracted. From his sleeve, he
pulled out a box. It wasn't a particularly interesting box. Indeed, it
was like thousands of other match boxes a wizard might carry around for
lighting a pipe or candle or oven, but it wasn't matches inside. He slid
it open with one hand and discreetly dropped it under his seat.

Hundreds of tiny black bodies with six tiny legs scurried away from
their prison as fast as they could, starved and thirsty, they sought out
their sustenance and found it readily available. Dozens of giant, warm
bodies all around them, and they scurried to beat their competition. As
tiny as they were, they didn't share.

They found their way to every available body, but for a dozen who reeked
of pesticide, crawling and hopping their way upwards, stopping only to
fight off other invaders. Their own kind weren't the only danger though,
as they soon found out.

---

Snape slapped his leg, crushing the little insect ruthlessly, scowling
down at the bloody smear.

"I thought the frosts would have gotten the last of you little buggers,"
he muttered, then turned his attention back to the champions.

---

Cedric looked out across the field, flat and faded green with stark
white lines scribbled across it, then over at his fellow champions, and
weighed his odds. Krum would definitely be a challenge. He had seen him
practicing in the Dueling Hall and knew his focus and magical strength
were impeccable, and on a broom Cedric admitted the other boy was
superior. Fleur was a mystery. He had her in a few of his classes and
had never seen her struggle with a spell, but he had never seen her
battle anyone either. She certainly *looked* confident.

But he felt confident too. He was the captain of the Senior Dueling team
*and*the Hufflepuff Quidditch team, top of all his classes, and just
generally good at magic. He had been chosen to represent his school and
country today, and he wasn't going to embarrass either with anything
less than first place.

Fleur smirked at him, before looking out across the field. "I know I'm
cute, but you are going to need to focus if you don't want to fall too
far behind."

"I just wanted to get a good look now, since I won't be able to see
you're pretty face once the race starts. I don't intend to be looking
back," he teased.

Viktor scowled and didn't bother looking at either of them. From the
lake, they could just barely make out Voldemort's speech, but it didn't
last long before he pointed his wand in the air. There was a loud crack,
and they all sprinted onto the field. They had no sooner touched it than
it rolled beneath them, knocking all of them to the ground. There was
moment of confusion, and another subterranean wave rose and fell beneath
them. Across the field, the earth undulated like the surface of the
ocean during a storm, the golden keys, their first goal, remained the
only immobile thing, hanging stoically from wooden stakes.

Determined, they all rose to their feet again, struggling to keep their
balance and pulled out their wands.

---

"Wow."

Harry wasn't sure who said it, but it was definitely the feeling of
everyone watching. From their vantage point they could see the entire
field, and the champions dipping in and out of sight as hills rose and
fell around them. Once the they'd found their footing, the champions
were really something.

There was an announcer on the other side of the lake, but they didn't
need to listen to follow what was happening. Colin's camera flashed
continually as he followed their progress.

"That first earth wave caught them all by surprise, but they're on their
feet-"

Delacour was waving her wand around, which didn't affect the moving
ground, but left her weightless and agile. She hoped from the crest of
one hill to the other without pause, swift and graceful as a deer.
Viktor's method was more brutal, blasting apart the ground when ever it
rose up and storming over it before it dipped beneath his feet. Cedric
had cast a Incorporeal Spell on himself, and simply ran straight through
the solid ground, but while it was quick it was disorienting too, and
the momentary blindness he experience when he passed through a hill kept
him from following a perfectly straight path.

The field was only two hundred feet, but it took them all nearly fifteen
minutes to cross it. They managed to reach their keys in roughly the
same time, sprinted towards the lake, and quickly disappeared beneath
the water. The crowd all waited for several minutes, but nothing seemed
to happen. The announcer was starting to struggle with things to fill
the silence with.

"What do you think they're doing down there?" Ginny asked, curiously.

"Don't know," said George. "Might be taking bath. That last bit probably
left them sweaty."

---

Natalie hadn't lied. There really was carnivorous lake weed, and it
seemed quite intent on dragging Fleur to the lake floor. She shouted a
muted curse and flung out her wand, shredding it to pieces, and broke
free. From behind her bubble of air, she could see Viktor and Cedric had
gained a lead, each partially transformed into different aquatic beasts,
and contemplated propelling herself forward with a spell but decided
against it. She had spent too much magic on the Earth Obstacle, and she
had no idea what the other three obstacles involved. Instead, she swam
naturally, and was glad she had, because the two boys ran into the
grindylows first.

---

Tom cocked his head to the side curiously, watching the tiny black
insects leap onto the oblivious spectators, and crawl up their bodies.
He wondered if they were poisonous. He hoped so. Killing off all of his
elder counterpart's minions right in front of him would be a marvelous
treat to watch. Perhaps if he was really lucky Voldemort would die too.
He'd have to keep his feathers crossed.

It wasn't like he had *expected* something like this to happen. He'd
only come by to watch the competition, do a little recon on Krum, Snape,
Voldemort, anyone else who caught his fancy. Perhaps check on Harry. He
hadn't risked seeing the boy up close, just as he hadn't risked getting
too close to Voldemort. They weren't like other wizards. There was a
chance they'd sense there was something *off* about him.

So he'd perched himself at the back of the viewing box, and no one had
noticed him. Not even Oblitz, who was directly in front of him, thought
to look behind him before he released his bit of six-legged mischief.

He really did hope people would start keeling over soon. That'd be an
absolute riot!

---

Viktor broke to the surface first, struggling for air as his gills
receded and he regained use of his lungs. He hated that transformation
for a number of reasons, but it had proved useful today. Swimming
clumsily for the last couple of feet to the stands where the brooms
rested, he finally pulled himself out of the water. He cast a drying
spell on himself quickly, hating to waste the magic, but knowing he
couldn't let the cool autumn air rob him of anymore of his body heat.

An explosive splash, and he spun around, expecting an attack. Fleur
landed on her feet beside him, her faced twisted into something
monstrous, as she seized a grindylow still gripping tenaciously to her
leg. It screeched in pain as she drove her clawed fingers into its back
and released her, escaping into the dark water. An imperious shake of
her hair, now come undone, and she looked her usual beautiful self
again. She lifted a regal brow at him.

"What?"

Cedric finally appeared, dragging himself out of the water in time to
see the other were already using their keys to unlock their broomsticks.
He struggled to do the same, but he'd been bitten on the foot and had a
heavy limp. He barely remembered to dry himself off before he took
flight, but once he was in the air he felt much more at ease.

And then a giant tentacle shot out of the water and nearly knocked him
off his broom.

"Oh, that was a close one for Diggory!" The announcer shouted, rising
above the growing din of the crowds.

Another tentacle shot out, this time aiming for Viktor, who easily
rolled out of its way and then rose up as yet another slimy appendage
reached for him. Fleur had already shot up out of reach with surprising
speed, too far up to be a likely target, and the others followed her
example.

"And they're safely out of reach! But they're not going to get their
flags if they don't get down there. Yikes, it's going to take some
pretty spectacular flying to get past all of those arms!"

Viktor dip sharply twice, but the tentacles followed him, appearing
everywhere at once and barely escaped both times. Cedric and Fleur each
tried a variety of curses and hexes, with limited success. The squid was
too large and too fast. Attempting to levitate the flags to them, didn't
work either.

"I have an idea!" Fleur called out to the others, "But I'll need your
help."

Both boys looked reluctant.

"Are we even allowed to help each other?" Cedric asked, skeptically. She
rolled her eyes at him.

"We're not helping each other, we're helping ourselves. We need to
freeze the surface of the lake! If we do that, it won't be able to move
its arms or even see us, but I can't do it on my own. It's the only way
any of us are going to get what we want."

Viktor scowled even more darkly, but nodded, and Cedric shrugged. She
was right after all, they couldn't do this alone. They spread out to
form a rough triangle around the squid, and pointed their wands down at
the water.

"*Congalcio!*"

Light sprang from their wands like lightening, and where ever the light
touched ice bloomed like a flower, from the surface and started to
spread across the water, hardening it into a solid sheet. The squid
didn't seem to notice at first, continuing to swing its arms madly,
smashing through the thinest layers with ease. But slowly the ice
started to thicken and harden, and the wiggly appendages started to
slow, uncertain of their movements as the ice started to block the view
in front of its bulbous eyes. They kept at it until the squid was barely
moving at all.

"And look at that, all three champions working together! It's man
against beast this time around, but how long with this truce last?!
There is still one more obstacle left before the finish li- AND KRUM IS
GOING FOR IT!"

Viktor broke off first, streaking towards his flag, and Cedric followed
half a second behind.

"No! It's not safe yet!" Fleur cried, chasing after them anyway, but she
was too late. Viktor's hand was already wrapped around the staff of his
flag, pulling it free. The ice exploded beneath him, flinging him aside
and straight into the Hogwart's flag. Boy, broom, and flags all landed
on the edge of the ice circle. A part of it breaking off and dipped
briefly beneath the surface before bobbing up again, leaving Viktor
sopping wet. Cedric had managed to pull back in time to avoid being
knocked from his broom, and in a quick low-flying sweep, snatched up his
broken flag and sped towards the opposite shore. Viktor rolled over on
to his broom, grabbed his flag, and kicked off into flight just as the
ice beneath him was crushed beneath a tentacle.

The crowd burst out into wild cheers. The announcer shouting out with
equal enthusiasm.

"That was *FANTASTIC!* Not half a second longer and they'd both have
been goners! Delacour is the only one without a flag now. The pressure
is on for her as the Hogwarts and Durmstang Champions widen their lead!"

Fleur was definitely feeling the pressure. Her flag now rested on ice,
ice that was quickly being torn apart by nine blindly flying arms. She
made two passes, but had to pull up both times when an arm passed too
close. Frustrated, she made one last dive.

And then everything went black.

---

There was a collective gasp, and everyone jumped to their feet.

"Oh my god," Hermione gasped, her eyes wide with horror. They'd seen the
chunk of ice flung flying through the air strike Fleur by sheer luck,
knocking her off the broom and sending her skidding across the ice.
There was a streak of bright red to mark her passage.

"Shit," Bill cursed, sparing only a moment. "I think she's unconscious."

He ran to one of the waiting boats, throwing out everything inside it
accept for some blankets, a first aid kit, and a length of rope.

"We'll help," Fred said, "Just tell us what to do."

Bill turned a warning glare at them.

"You'll stay right were you are. I'll have enough to worry about just
with her, I don't want to have to worry about pulling you all out of
trouble as well."

"How are you even going to get to her?! Look, you're buddies aren't
doing a very good job and they're on *brooms!*"

Sure enough, several safeties were already hovering over the squid, but
like the school champions they couldn't get pass the tentacles to get to
Fleur, whose chuck of ice was starting to sink.

"I've got a ward up on this boat. The squid won't touch it! So stay out
of it. You'll only be in the way," Bill snapped, jerked the rubber of
the boat twice and it groaned once before speeding towards the other end
of the lake. It's progress seemed painfully slow.

"What are those idiots doing?" Ron growled as he watched the safeties
hover around uselessly. "They should at least try strengthening the ice
underneath her! Fucking retards! She's going to drown."

"Shut up, Ron," Draco growled. "You're not helping."

"It'll be alright, Bill will get to her," Angelina said, mostly to Ginny
who was ashen, staring helplessly as the situation became increasingly
dire. Percy rested a comforting hand on her shoulder, but his expression
was grim.

"Nonononono, oh no, oh no, *no!*" Penelope chanted to herself, watching
as the ice finally gave way and Fleur sank beneath the water.

Harry who had been watching the entire thing without so much as
blinking, reached behind himself and opened his hand.

"*Up!*"

---

Bill was half way there, but already knew he'd be too late as he watched
the girl disappear into the water. It would be another two or three
minutes before he reached the spot she had been in, and he had no way of
knowing where she was by then. And there were *things* in the lake.
Normally, fairly harmless things, but they'd been intentionally
aggravated for the sake of the tournament. There was no telling if he'd
even be able to find a body let alone save her life, if the grindylows
got to her first.

He clenched his teeth. This wasn't suppose to happen! It was just a
damn-

Something shot passed him, hovering close to the water and disturbing
surface, making his boat chop up and down dangerously. He struggled with
the rudder, adjusting his speed and angling his boat into smoother
water.

"What in Merlin's name?"

---

Snape was torn between rushing down to the lake to help attempt a rescue
and casting a Calming Spell on Madame Maxime, who was now shrieking
hysterically and demanding someone do something, her tantrum causing the
entire platform to shake dangerously. Voldemort was completely
nonplussed by the situation, looking more curious than anything. Like
everyone else, he was standing to get a better view, his hands resting
on the railing, perfectly at ease. Next to him, Lucius looked far too
amused than was appropriate. If Madame Maxime happened to notice, Snape
suspected she'd stomp the aristocrat flat.

The announcer continued his monologue, now reporting the incompetent
attempts of the safeties and insisting that Delacour was still *somehow*
going to be rescued, but even he was starting to sound doubtful. At the
other end of the lake, Diggory and Krum had stopped their race to the
finish, instead watching the lake like everyone else for some sign of
the Beauxbaton's champion.

"It's all right, Madam," Voldemort said at last. His tone was calm and
level, and though he hadn't raised his voice, the Beauxbaton's
headmistress heard him and fell quiet. "Help is on the way."

He pointed a little further out into the lake, but his finger moved
steadily closer towards the rampaging squid. Snape found what he was
pointing at and stiffened. Potter was flying across the lake at a speed
he wasn't sure was possible on a broom and definitely faster than was
safe, little more than a dark shadow. Really you couldn't see Harry's
face, but Snape just *knew*.

The instant headache forming behind his eyes was a sure sign.

---

Harry felt, more than saw where he was going and how fast. His magic
extended out around his body and if he could have seen it's shape he'd
have described it as falcon-like, wings bent close to his sides until
the sprung out with a sharp flap for extra speed. His senses extended
still further than that, glasses still charmed to see perfectly at a
distance, nose filled with the scent of lake water, squid, and magic.

He wasn't planning at this point. That girl didn't have time for a plan,
only quick action, and he wasn't going to wait. Never mind that Snape
would probably cane him for this, that he might be violating the
tournament rules and cause an international incident, or that she might
be dead already. He'd watched someone die right before his eyes once
already, and he wasn't just going to *let* it happen again.

He was a hundred feet from the first tentacle, when he abruptly turned
his broom on its side, nose pointed down and his right side facing the
creature. It helped to slow his momentum, and the angle he kept lifted
him higher above the lake rather than overshooting his target area
altogether. By now the safeties had moved even further away, as the
squid had taken the remaining chunks of ice and started hurling them at
anything that moved.

"Who is this!? Who is this!?" shouted the announcer, "Flying in like a
whirlwind, untouchable! I've never seen anything like it! Will this be
Delacour's salvation?"

Harry dodged two head-sized chunks easily (they weren't nearly as quick
as bludgers and only came from one direction), still not righting his
boom. Pointed downwards made it more difficult to keep his hold, but at
this angle he could look down at where the squids arms met its body and
follow their movements more easily. He swayed to and fro, avoided being
slapped out of the sky with as little wasted movement as possible, while
he searched for any sign of Fleur.

Half a minute later of futile searching and dodging, and he couldn't
wait any longer. He shot down, down, down...

"And he's going in! My god he's-"

The water swallowed all sound and most light and heat, and the force of
the impact half robbed him of his senses. Taking a bellyflop to the face
*hurt*. His broom continued to pull him deeper, though more slowly, the
pressure pushing in on his fragile ear drums. He had to stop or risk
bursting them, and took the time to prepare himself. He charmed his
glasses, which immediately turned into goggles and gave him a clearer
view. It was still too dark to see far, and the most he could make out
was the outline of the squid's enormous head. The horrible idea that
Delacour might have been eaten flitted across his mind.

He didn't have time to spare on those thoughts. He didn't know any
spells for breathing under water.

He cast a locating charm.

A white light snaked out of his wand and the twisted through the water,
arching downwards, beyond the squid. He pointed his broom in that
direction and willed it forward, letting it drag him far faster than he
could swim on his own. He had to stop after only a short distance.

He needed air. Needed it BAD.

But so did she. She'd been down here for nearly five minutes already,
long enough for her heart to have stopped. He couldn't help her if he
lost consciousness, though. Merlin, he need *help.*

*Please! If you're my element, why won't you help me?*

Something grabbed him by his ankle and *pulled.*

---

"Vat is he doing?" Viktor asked, simultaneously horrified and transfixed
as he watched Harry disappear into the lake. In the distance, he thought
he could hear Hermione scream the boy's name. Beside him, Cedric gave
him a wane smile.

"What he can."

"He'll never find her in time. It's impossible."

"I know. He'll probably do it anyway. It's what he does."

Viktor turned back to him, searching his expression for arrogance or
disgust, but found only a sort of fond expression.

"Vat does dat mean?"

"I'll put it to you this way. If the Goblet of Fire didn't have an age
restriction on it, I guarantee it wouldn't be *me* you're up against."

---

Bony hands dragged him down, and he screamed on instinct, loosing the
little air that remained in his lungs. He struggled and kicked, but the
hands held firm and multiplied, seizing him by his arms and legs and
head. Something squishy and plant-like was shoved into the back of his
throat, forcing him to swallow it and more than a little water.

Immediately, the hands all pulled away, leaving him to flounder after
their mysterious attack.

He swung his wand around threateningly, not entirely sure where to point
or if he should even try. No sooner than his line of sight settled on
something strangely hideous and beautiful at once, a spasm wracked his
body, and he felt himself started to change. Skin grew between his
fingers and toes, and along his neck he could feel the skin part. A
feeling of relief came over him, like he was suddenly getting his first
breath of air.

Gingerly, he touched his neck and felt three large slits there, opening
and closing to let water in and out.

He had gills.

He had *fucking gills!*

Well, at least he wasn't suffocating, and decided he should just be
satisfied with that for the moment. He turned his attention back to his
maybe-not-attackers, and their appearance suddenly made more sense. They
were merpeople. Dozens of them, none of them under six feet and most of
them easily over seven, naked from the waist up and decorated with shark
teeth.

They were a benevolent race, or at least not humanity's sworn enemies.
He didn't know much about them, except that they'd been known to rescue
people from drowning around Hogwarts every once in a while, were known
for singing when fogs rolled in, and they didn't speak English.

"Thank you," he tried, although it sounded like nothing more than
gurgles underwater. A male merperson with a scraggily beard nodded, and
pointed in the direction he had been heading before he'd started
drowning. Recalling Fleur, he recast the location charm and sent his
broom racing in the right direction. Around him the merpeople followed,
keeping up easily, their tails glinting silver in the light of his
spell.

She wasn't far, just deep. She was resting lifelessly at the sandy
bottom, eyes closed and mouth open, yellow hair floating around her.
There were already merpeople surrounding her, but unable to get close, a
large pack of grindylows snarling and clawing at anyone that came near.
The only thing the merpeople had been able to do was keep the creatures
distracted enough so they hadn't begun to feed on her. For this Harry
was supremely grateful.

The stunning spell he hit them with knocked half of them away and sent
the rest scurrying for their lives. He put his wand away, grabbed the
girl by her wrist (which felt uncomfortably cold and limp), and pointed
his broom upwards. They shot straight up, faster than even the merpeople
could follow, the water growing lighter and brighter, and the oddest
thought that this was what it must feel like to go to heaven flitted
through his mind.

They broke the surface, and Harry took an automatic gulp of air, only to
have it go straight into his stomach. *Gills* he reminded himself,
pulling Fleur further out of the water so her mouth and nose were
exposed to nothing air, while he dipped further down to submerged his
gills. It made looking around harder.

He tried calling for help, but the only was a gurgling cough. Awkwardly,
he pulled out his wand, and shot out a distress signal, one of only a
dozen spells he could cast with wordlessly. A blaze of red streaked
upward and exploded.

"Harry! Over here!"

Bill eased the boat up beside him, not even completely stopping before
he half threw himself into in the lake, pulling Fleur from Harry's
grasp. He reached in to pull out Harry as well, but the boy swatted him
away and pointed towards the girl. Bill took the hint and went back to
her.

Harry couldn't see what he was doing, but there were spells involved and
strange instruments, one that looked suspiciously like a miniature
bellow, lots of yelling and cajoling and begging, and then finally Bill
just beating her in the chest with his fist.

A minute dragged on and then another, and Harry grew increasingly
distressed, more and more convinced that he had been too late, too slow.
Another person he couldn't save.

And then there was a gasp and coughing and still more coughing.

"That a girl! That a girl!" Bill crowed, dragging her upright though she
had no strength to sit up on her own. She continued to struggle for air,
the blue around her lips fading to white and finally the faintest hit of
pink. Harry could just barely make out her eyes, barely open, staring
dazedly down at him. He smiled up at her, and laughed and cried his
relief.

Hehad done it. Bill had done it!

Just barely.

Just enough.

She was alive.

---

Cautiously, the BUG crawled its way up its prey's pants, up his cloak,
detoured a little towards the back for safety, and continued up until it
had reached the bass of the neck. Thick black hair, the perfect hiding
place, beckoned across the last and most vulnerable stretch of skin. The
neck was sensitive, and if the BUG didn't step lightly, it would find
itself the same bloody smear Snape's BUG had become.

There was a moment of hesitation before it risked a rushed hop, and
then... SAFE!

Eagerly it traveled over it's victim's scalp to the clean patch of skin
behind the ear. Eager to feed and quench its thirst. The skin was warm
beneath its feed and smelled delicious. He clamped down with savage
little pincers, knowing its prey would feel nothing, and swallowed down
the first droplet of blood.

And promptly dropped dead.

---

​1. Failte, I have been informed. Is the actual Gaelic term for
'welcome'. I will be going back and replacing Taigamid with this. Just
an FYI.

​2. The BUGs are what they sound like, in both contexts of the word (no,
not the Voltswagon Beetle type of bug, the *other* two meanings of the
word).
