# The Serpent King and the Wolf King

Harry did not care much for St. Mungo's. Being of a magical nature, he
had thought he would be more accepting of it than a muggle hospital, but
he was quickly corrected. Hospitals of any kind were no fun at all.

Or perhaps he just missed his wand.

Since it's loss in the werewolves' forest, he had not felt quite
himself. He felt listless most of the time, anxious occasionally. His
sleep was poor and he had a small but persistent headache.

One of the nurses had called it 'magical withdrawal'. Ironic given his
magic wasn't any less, merely unreachable without his wand. The nurse
had said keeping occupied or getting another wand was the only way to
get over it. Which was bloody useless advice considering that the
doctors wouldn't allow either to happen.

His only real malady when he'd been admitted to St. Mungo's were bruises
and small cuts. A light healing potion later and he was cured, but they
had wanted to keep him for a few days for 'observation'. Harry had
thought them rather stupid. McGonagall had given her authorization
though. She wouldn't tell him why, but then again he hadn't told her
about his run-in with Greyback and his pack or about Sirius and Remus.
He wasn't sure what he should say.

Everyone suspected he'd encountered werewolves. His silence on the
matter did nothing to dissuade that thinking, but telling the truth
would be self-incriminating and lying could only make the situation
worse.

So all he could do now was wait for someone to punish him for violating
Voldemort's treaty. He was rather surprised that it took them three days
to send someone, and that someone would be none other than Snape.

"Good day, Mr. Potter," the potion's master sneered as he entered the
hospital room. "Judging by your vacant expression you were not expecting
me."

Harry, who had been laying in bed reading a novel, graced him with an
irritated look.

"Sorry, sir. I'd have had tea and cakes ready if I'd known you were
coming."

"You have a lot of sass for someone in your position," Snape growled.

Cowed, Harry looked away. "And what position is that?"

"Don't play stupid boy. You might not have contracted Lycanthrosis, but
the Dark Lord and I *both* know you've been in contact with Black and
Lupin."

Oh, so that's why they wanted to keep him in observation in his own
room. They were waiting for the full moon to see if he went mad.

"Greyback's been demanding your head," Snape continued, "and I dare say
he just might get it."

This was nothing Harry hadn't thought about before. He had half resigned
himself to that very outcome, trying to comfort himself with thoughts of
being reunited with his Godfather and separated from the inherit dangers
and corruption of wizarding life. For a little while, he could convince
himself that it wouldn't be a bad life and he could learn to enjoy it
even. Then he would remember Greyback, that mad, hungry look in his eye
and enough power in his hands to snap him in half and he was afraid.

The door opened again, and a toady looking woman entered. She was
dressed garishly in a bright pink sweater with fuzzy trim, smiled
widely, and blinked too often. Harry didn't recognize her, but judging
by the distinct loathing in Snape's expression he guess the other man
did. Harry gave the man a questioning look.

"Madam Umbridge," Snape drawled, "this is the victim, Harry Potter.
Potter, this is Court Representative Dolores Umbridge. She will be
acting as a witness to this interview. I remind you that everything you
say and do now will be recorded for purposes of review by officials of
the Court. Not that knowing makes any difference, as you won't be able
to control a thing you say under veritaserum."

Harry swallowed thickly.

"Eh-hem," the woman coughed...croaked? "Court policy dictates that a
witness should be given all courtesy-"

"Oh, do be quiet. I know Court policies very well. I helped write almost
a quarter of them," Snape hissed. The woman blinked rapidly, her
expression fixed in that weird simpering look. He ignored her. "Now
then, Potter, once I administer the potion, I will need you to keep eye
contact with me so that I may monitor your reaction to the potion. Five
points if you can tell me why."

Harry wasn't sure if he should laugh or gape. Had his Professor just
made a joke? Well, since the man appeared to be expecting an answer he
hadn't.

"Um... It can cause paralysis of the optic nerves, spasms in the facial
muscles, and... and... spontaneously shouting out random things."

"Correct, Mr. Potter. Five points to Slytherin."

"What? But *I-*"

"Yes, you did get it right. No doubt due to my excellence as your
instructor. Open your mouth and stick out your tongue."

Harry stuck out his tongue alright, but it wasn't to obey the man's
order. Pulling a vial from his robes, Snape placed two drops of the
truth potion on the boy's ornery appendage. It tasted of vinegar and
alcohol. He cringed at the taste, but as it faded away a strange
detached feeling fell over him. His eyes wandered about the room until
they fixed on the only bright spot.

"My god, you're an ugly toad of a woman," he said, smiling pleasantly.
Umbridge said nothing, but her eye twitched visibly. A hand on his chin
guided his gaze back to Snape, where he immediately found himself stuck
even after he was released. The man was smirking, but didn't really seem
amused.

"We will take that as a sign the potion is working. Now keep your eyes
on me. Madam Umbridge's presence in the room is irrelevant."

"You're funny," Harry said, smiling vapidly to prove his point. He
didn't look away though. Not even when the man gave a very tasty glare.

"Now Mr. Potter, explain to me the set of events that lead you to the
boundaries of the werewolf territory, Brittlewood Forest."

The story he told fell out his mouth before he could even think to edit
it, telling of not only actual events but the feelings and motivations
he'd experienced. There was a vague sense of embarrassment when told of
the pride he had felt at having his first job and the loneliness of the
summer, but he was still feeling mostly detached and Snape didn't take
the time to sneer at him.

"Just to be absolutely clear," Snape said, as Harry finished his first
answer, "You did not take the job at Wibble's Wards and Boundaries, Inc.
with the intent to reach the werewolf boundary?"

"No. I didn't know I'd end up there."

"And you were not made aware by Mr. Wibble or any of your supervisors
that you were working along a werewolf territory?"

"Nope."

"Were you ever in contact with a werewolf while you worked there?"

Now Harry tried to stop speaking, to hold back the answer that would
doom him and possibly his godfather and Remus as well. He tried to hold
it back with all his might, but it was pulled from him as easily as if
he hadn't resisted at all.

"Yes."

Snape's eyes suddenly became more intense, a strange feeling wormed its
way through the detachment. It wasn't fear or hatred, but something
alien ... and yet familiar.

"Describe to me the circumstances of the encounter and the encounter
itself," the man commanded. Again, words were pulled from him without
his consent, but this time they were not his words, not his tale, not
his truth.

"I was working alone, laying down warding posts... I think it was late
morning. I was approached by a man I didn't recognize. He startled me, I
was afraid, but he never came too close to me. He said he lived on the
property I was helping to ward, and that he wanted to observe to make
sure the company was doing a proper job of it. He never said his name."

Snape spoke again, "Did you tell anyone you saw this man?"

"No. I was afraid if I told them one of the clients was skeptical of the
company's work, they'd get an adult to lay down the posts and send me
home."

"Did you ever see this nameless man again?"

"Yes. I came back the next day and he was there again. He came and went
throughout the day, but never said a thing. He was kind of frightening.
It was the same everyday until the fifth day."

"What happened on the fifth day?"

"I came to the spot I'd left the day before, and one of the warding
posts had been pulled up and was lying on the other side of the
boundary. The man was there and said I had laid it wrong, and expected
me to replace it 'properly'. The foreman had said I wasn't to step onto
the land no matter what, so I thought I'd just lay another one, but the
man became agitated and demanded I pick up the fallen post and lay
*that* one. I got frightened, and I started to walk away.'

'He followed me. He kept yelling at me to pick up the post. Over and
over he kept yelling that. I started to run. He chased me. He caught my
cloak, and jerked me onto his side of the property. I slipped out of my
cloak and started running again. I tried to grab hold of my emergency
portkey, but I tripped and fell in some mud. He jumped on top of me and
held me down by my arms, said if I tried to run away again he was going
to break my legs."

"How did you escape?"

"Another man came," Harry continued, his voice steady while his mind was
reeling, wondering what was going on. This wasn't a tale he had
conceived, or even could have conceived, but it flowed out in a
perfectly believable lie. All the while that alien sensation seemed to
wiggle and squirm just behind his forehead. "He was bigger than the
first man, stronger. He grabbed him and pulled him off me. He started
yelling at the smaller man, calling him all sort of names and then
ordering him to go home. The smaller man left. The larger man grabbed me
by my arm and dragged me back to the other side of the boundary. He told
me not to tell anyone about what had happened. He said if he anyone
knew, then I would have to come back and become a werewolf. I didn't ask
any questions, I just activated my portkey and got out of there. I ended
up just outside the office building. One of the other employees found
me, and the foreman took me to the hospital."

For the first time since the interrogation started, Snape looked away
and the alien sensation retreated. Without the older wizard demanding
his eyes and his thought on him, Harry could think clearly enough to
realize he was the source of the lies. But why? Why would Snape
be...helping him?

"I believe that is all we require," Snape said, looking back at
Umbridge, who had been taking notes through the entire ordeal. "A clear
case of child endangerment on the part of Wibbler's. I trust this
interview will be forwarded to the appropriate authorities?"

The woman smiled condescendingly. Quite a feat considering she was
dressed like a demented Barbie.

"Just a moment professor. I have a few questions of my own, if you don't
mind. Mr.Potter, why didn't-"

Whatever she asked, Harry couldn't hear. Snape's hands were suddenly
over his ears. Harry gave the man a questioning look, but he was glaring
at Umbridge. The woman herself looked startled by his action. When it
was apparent she wasn't going finish her question, Snape removed his
hands.

"Madam Umbridge, you have been sent to this interview to act as a
non-partial witness to ensure the rights of Mr. Potter are not violated
while under verisaterum and that all proper protocol is upheld for when
his testimony is submitted to the Court," the man lectured, as if to a
very dim student, "As I recall, third party members questioning a
witness are strictly prohibited. This should not have to be explained to
you."

Harry slapped his hand over his mouth to hide a very obvious giggled.

Umbridge's eye twitched.

"You are correct, of course," she said, "But given *your* presence here,
a WYRA executive rather than a Court legal official, I thought this
interrogation would be a bit more... ah... *informal*."

Okay, now Harry *knew* something funny was going on. Even Umbridge
seemed to know it. In fact, she seemed to think it was something
*underhanded*. Snape did not appear unnerved by her insinuation. He
actually looked rather offended.

"Madam, Court business is never *informal.*. My presence here is
*because* I am a WYRA executive as well as a Hogwarts teacher, and Mr.
Potter is still the responsibility of both these institutions until such
time as he is adopted or reaches the age of majority. This incident
which resulted in his hospitalization is of great concern to us. So much
so that Lord Voldemort has *personally*granted my request for full
authority in investigating this matter. And I take personal offense that
you believe I would conduct my investigation in anything other than a
*formal* and proper manner."

Harry's giggling, which had died off, returned with full on laughter to
the point he was starting to tear up. Snape shot him a venomous look,
and quickly gave him the antidote. It tasted like fish. He sobered up
instantly, and made it a point to look at his toes.

"Now Professor," the woman simpered, still smiling, "I meant no
offense-"

"Well, *I* do when I tell you that your business is done here and that
you are going to leave now."

Harry peeked beyond the length of his toes at the woman who looked on
the verge of doing something... dangerous. Like imploding. Good thing
they were in a hospital.

Her entire head was starting to twitch now, but still she smiled
cheerily.

"I suppose its best to get the paperwork started as soon as possible.
Better Mr. Potter had this matter wrapped up before the beginning of the
school year after all," she said, and stiffly walked out of the room.
She closed the door with exaggerated care, and they could hear her shoes
tapping in a slow rhythm until it faded into the distance.

"Friend of yours?" Harry asked, turning to the older man.

"*Legilimens!*"

---

Voldemort liked Fenrir in the same way a person might like dangerous but
beautiful animals. He liked watching the man pace and growl and flex his
powerful, clawed hands. He liked watching him bully his pack into
submission, hunt in the forest, and take his mate, Athena, where and
when ever the hell he felt like it. He liked watching him transform,
crying to the moon and raging at the world. But most of all, he liked
watching Fenrir think.

The werewolf was different from everyone he knew in his manner of
thinking, for his thinking was not that of man's but that of beast's
made eloquent through human speech. That which motivated him was not
what motivated men, except at the most primal level. Fenrir, like any
animal, wanted to live and knew living need not involve 'higher
concepts' like love, honor, or justice. At the same time, being a social
animal, he appreciated such things as sharing, forgiveness, and
protection. Voldemort understood this on an intellectual level, but
seeing it played out on practical one through Fenrir was always...
stimulating.

At the moment, he was having a splendid time watching the man-beast
thinking over the latest events revolving around Harry Potter and his
own unexpected reluctance in handing the boy over. Just last year he had
easily and willingly handed over two Slytherin students violating their
treaty. What made the Gryffindor child a special case? It was not the
normal state of things for Fenrir or Voldemort to question each other.
Their motivations, if not their methods, were similar, their circle of
influence separate, and rarely did they cross or conflict. However,
Fenrir was interested enough in Potter, and more importantly his hold
over Blackbone, that he was willing to have a meeting with the Dark Lord
in order to settle the matter.

The lodge house, normally filled with pack members, was empty and
freshly cleaned for their meeting. It was still very crude and rustic,
but Voldemort was quite comfortable lounging in his fur laden chair and
sipping on strong herbal tea. Around the wizard's feet, Nagini looked
rather happy as well, rolling about on the many fur rugs and leisurely
hunting the nooks and crannies for rodents. Fenrir's own chair across
from the wizard, was empty, as he had taken to standing near the window
in order to watch some of the pack's youngsters play football (English
version). Such things were calming for him.

"This shouldn't be an issue," the werewolf growled out, finally looking
towards the wizard. "He violated *both* our laws. He trespassed into my
lands and his life belongs to me."

Voldemort took a sip of is tea, looking considerate.

"No, he never did," he said finally. "I had one of my people perform
legilimency on the boy this morning. He did indeed meet with Blackbone
and Slivermoon, but he never crossed the barrier until you and your men
dragged him into it. It would seem to me, *you* are in violation of the
treaty more so than Mr. Potter."

"They're liars!" Fenrir snarled, "I could smell that boy all over
Blackbone's and Slivermoon's clothes, and they would not dare break
their probation by stepping out of the boundary. He *was* inside my
territory. I don't care what your people say."

"Are you saying then, that *you* did not step out of your territory in
an attempt to collect the boy?"

Fenrir merely let out an angry growl, showing neither guilt or regret.
Voldemort let out a sigh.

"I'm afraid I can not let you have this one, my friend. I have great
plans for him."

"I have plans as well!" he snarled, punching the wall angrily and
cracking the wood. His eyes had gone yellow when he turned to the Dark
Lord, but the other was not intimidated.

"Oh, yes," Voldemort said, "You wish to use him to keep Blackbone in
line. If such extreme measures are needed to ensure his obedience,
wouldn't it just be better to kill him? I know you have this strange
desire to see him inherit the packs after you, but with his seditious
attitude towards me I will be forced to kill him anyway."

Fenrir grunted in acknowledgment and finally took the chair across from
him.

"He is the only one with the balls for the job," Fenrir said. "Everyone
else is either too weak in will or too weak in body. He's an alpha by
nature, by the will of the Goddess, and my bad fucking luck. Anyone else
and the packs will fall into disorganized factions again. His hatred for
the both of us does nothing to change that."

"Hhmm... that is quite the conundrum."

He took another sip of his tea, and looked thoughtful. Fenrir let him
have his moment to think. The wizard was better at plotting, and he was
not above letting him find a solution for the both of them. The Dark
Lord lifted his cup, but stopped abruptly, and the werewolf knew he had
an idea.

"Perhaps Mr. Potter might still be of use to both of us," he said
slowly, thoughts still flying about in his head, this time with a
definite goal in mind. "After all, if I should retain direct power and
influence over the child, Blackbone will be forced to make concessions
to me *and*you in order to remain in contact with him. Yes... I think
that might work. Even after you pass on, he will still be forced to
behave himself so as not to endanger or make an enemy of his Godson."

He took one last sip of his tea and then stood, beginning to pace the
breadth of the room. Fenrir watched him curiously, almost amused. He
knew Voldemort never indulged in pacing while amongst wizards. Such a
thing would be considered a lack of self control and dignity. Whilst
visiting the werewolves (he did so once or twice a year, supposedly on
diplomatic visits, but really because it was a vacation to him) he
tended to care very little about appearances.

He slept late. He didn't bother shaving or brushing his hair. He ate
with his fingers and drank too much. He swore. He kept his shirt
untucked and walked around barefoot. He flirted with *everyone*. In
general, he acted as young as he looked, and as uncouth as his muggle
upbringing inclined him to be. The only reason he wasn't degenerating at
the moment was he would have to return to his usual duties within the
hour and it took time to fall back and forth between behaviors.

"It will be tricky of course," Voldemort continued, "I will have to make
sure their interactions do not result in the boy adopting Blackbone's
traitorous thoughts, while at the same time ensuring that they don't
become resentful of the other... But it could work in my favor... a
kindness in its own right... How troublesome... Nevertheless..."

Fenrir grinned.

---

Professor McGonagall picked Harry up from the hospital later that day.
She looked very worried when she saw his pale, tired complexion, but he
managed a smile for her. There were no questions when she brought him
back to Hogwarts, and he offered no explanations. He wondered if she
didn't know that anything he told her would once again be a lie. And
that really was a pity. Of all the adults he knew including his
Godfather and Remus (and he loved them dearly already), he thought
McGonagall the most reliable.

But she couldn't have saved him. Strong and noble woman though she was,
it was Snape's underhanded tactics that had him safely returned to
Hogwarts and not Fenrir Greyback's clutches. It was also Snape's
underhanded tactics and his skills in legilimency that tore the truth
from his very mind, and left him feeling sicker than he had upon
entering the hospital.

Harry still didn't know why the man had done it.

He suspected Voldemort put him up to it. While he didn't believe it was
beyond Snape to do something altruistic, he didn't think he would do
something that would risk himself in the process. But then why would
Voldemort save him? Did them both being parselmouths make the Dark Lord
some how protective of him? Was this the evidence of a bond he believed
the two shared? This wouldn't be the first instance where Voldemort had
shown him extra attention. He had occasionally talked to Harry in a
casual manner and even given him Elsbeth as a gift.

It wasn't something he wanted to think too hard about.

He just wanted to go back to the Sleuw's house, sit down at his desk,
write a letter to Hermione about their arithmancy homework, and not
think about Voldemort, Snape, Greyback, or Sirius and Remus possibly
being tortured (since the full moon had come and gone, hopefully Athena
had told the truth and their punishment was over by now).

Harry and McGonagall arrived at the Sleuw's shortly after sunset, and
her good bye was the first thing she had said to him since she'd checked
him out of the hospital. Mrs. Sleuw clucked and fuddled about the
kitchen, while Harry sat numbly beside Mr. Sleuw and thought them quite
a pair at the moment. After dinner, despite what Harry had thought he
wanted, he pulled out the charmed journal and quill.

He sat by the window, and lighted more by the light of the nearly full
moon than by his single candle, he wrote his first real entry.

He wrote about his Godfather and Remus, his job, his near capture, the
hospital, Snape, Umbridge, his suspicions, his fears, and his
frustration about not being able to entrust the entire truth of his life
with anyone. He wrote for several hours, long after the headache had
settled in and his fingers had started to cramp. He wrote until finally,
magically and emotionally drained he collapsed out of his chair and fell
unconscious.

---

​1. Lycanthrosis is related to lycanthropy. It's caused by being bitten,
having sex, or exchanging blood with a werewolf who wasn't transformed
at the time. Symptoms include growth of fangs and/or claws, increased
aggression and strength, affinity for raw meat, and strange behavior
centered around the cycles of the moon. A person won't transform during
the full moon, but they're still considered dangerous to uninfected
people. In Voldemort's society, anyone who gets it is sent to live with
werewolves and usually turned into a full werewolf eventually.
