# The Serpent Prince

Harry boarded the train quickly in order to avoid the crowds and their
pointing. He hadn't thought about his short stint through the newspapers
last November, but apparently it hadn't been completely forgotten.
Wherever he went a least a few of his fellow students would point him
out to their parents or younger siblings and say something like 'That's
Harry Potter. He got kidnaped last year. He's in my arithmancy class' or
'That's the kid who broke Slytherin's winning streak in Quidditch. I
heard he's got two girlfriends *and* two boyfriends'.

It was ridiculous.

If anyone had heard even *half* the story of what had happened to him
this summer, he imagined they'd have just about mobbed him. Well, thank
God for small miracles. His wand, although promised back to him shortly
after his return from the hospital, had not reached his person until the
day before. He was almost giddy to have it back and unharmed, but the
crowded station was not the place to ogle his magical conduit so he kept
it tucked safely in his robe.

The train was not yet over run with students so most of the compartments
were empty. He ambled along until he came to a door that for one reason
or another felt *right* to him. Opening it, he found himself face to
face with a boy who could have been his older brother. He had black
hair, a slender build, and the same amazing green eyes. There was
something vaguely familiar about him, yet Harry couldn't recall ever
seeing him before. Perhaps he was from another House?

"Why, hello," the boy said, setting down the book he had been reading,
"Are you looking for somewhere to sit? I could use some company and you
have a friendly face."

Harry felt himself blush, but moved into the compartment. He hadn't been
looking for a stranger's company, but this boy seemed friendly enough
with his charming little smile and curious eyes.

"Thanks," he said, taking a seat across from him and reaching out his
hand. "I'm Harry Potter, but just Harry is fine."

The boy shook it and said, "Thomas Matthew Rook, but *you* may call me
Tom."

Harry's face became even warmer.

"You don't have any luggage," the boy pointed out. "But you are wearing
your school robes."

"Oh, that. Well, I live at the school year around. They have me take the
train to school for tradition's sake, you know," Harry said, "What about
you? If you went Hogwarts you would have recognized me, and you're too
old to be a first year."

Tom chuckled. "Both of our circumstances are unusual then. I will be
attending Hogwarts as a fifth year student, even though this will be my
first year going there. I was home schooled due to a childhood ailment
that I have only recently overcome. I must say I am rather looking
forward to it."

At that Harry couldn't help but grin.

"You'll love it. Everyone does."

Tom invited Harry to tell him about Hogwarts, which Harry did with just
as much enthusiasm as he had with Ginny Weasley. The older boy was an
attentive audience, laughing at the right moments and asking many
curious questions, and never taking his eyes off the second year.
Fifteen minutes passed before their conversation was once again
disturbed. Natalie peeked in, took one look at them and grinned.

"Oh, Harry, you've grown an older brother over the summer. Now I know
what I want for Christmas."

"Natalie! Don't be rude, he's a new student."

She glided in, and held out her hand to the older boy with perfect
confidence. "Natalie Cypher, second year Slytherin."

Tom accepted her hand and kissed it. "Thomas Rook, man of mystery."

"Oh, that's smooth. You'll be Slytherin for sure," she said, giggling a
bit. "I see you've already found, Harry. Don't let the Gryffindork badge
fool you, he's got enough Slytherin in him it's a miracle his tongue
hasn't forked yet."

"Hey! It took a lot of Gryffindorkishness to sow that fork closed, I'll
have you know!"

"Mind if we join you?" came Draco's 'friendly' sneer, "The Humfmumper's
tears of friendship are getting my shoes wet out here."

He stomped in, followed by Hermione and Blaise. He ordered his two
goons, Crabbe and Goyle (Ron was absent, likely sitting with his
brothers), to stand watch outside the door. To guard against what, Harry
had no idea. Harry introduced Tom to them, and soon after Hermione began
shooting questions at him about his education. The elder boy took it in
stride, listing off the many subjects he had been tutored and self
studied in, and assured her his scores on his placement exams more than
qualified him to attend Hogwarts even so late in his schooling. Draco,
who had been rather reserved, seemed to lighten up a bit when it became
apparent that Tom was from a wealthy if not well known family, but only
a little.

Finally, Hermione settled back and they moved on to more casual affairs.

"I'll be trying out for Quidditch this year," Draco said. "The Seeker
position opened up again since Harry off'ed the last one."

"He off'ed himself. Not my fault your house picks blind goons for their
Seekers."

"You won't be so cocky when I'm flying circles around you, Potter."

"Bring it on, Malfoy."

Natalies and Hermione rolled their eyes at each other.

"Boys and their games," Hermione lamented. "It could be worse, I
suppose. They could have joined Fencing club. Bravado *and* pointy
objects."

"Oh, that reminds me, Ginerva is coming this year, can you believe it?
Finally, the last Weasley. I thought I'd never see the end of the line,"
Natalies said.

"How did bravado and pointy things remind you of Ginny?" Harry asked.

"A Slytherin's mind is a twisted maze, Harry. You can't go in too deep
without getting lost and possibly eaten by something," Hermione said,
and moved the conversation on to other things.

They kept the conversation going for several hours, until after they'd
gotten lunch from the trolley car and fallen into an easy silence. As
they neared the last leg of their journey, the sky turned grey and it
started to rain.

"Bother, I hope you don't have to take boat with the other first years,"
Harry said. Tom just smiled faintly, and it suddenly occurred to Harry
that the boy hadn't looked away from him for the entire length of their
journey. He felt himself blush yet again and hastily looked out the
window.

---

Tom did have to take the boat. Harry gave him an apologetic look, but
the older boy just shrugged and headed towards the lake. When Harry saw
what was to take the rest of them to the castle, he wished he could have
gone with him.

Thestrals shifted anxiously in their harnesses, their leathery wings
secured uncomfortably to their sides. They huffed and snorted, their
seemingly skinless bodies trembling in the rain. Most of the students
didn't seem to mind, and others seemed completely unaware of them. He
briefly recalled what Kyle, the lawyers assistant he'd met at the first
adoption party, had said about only those who had seen death would be
able to see them.

"Come on, Harry. You're going to catch a cold," Hermione said, leading
him reluctantly to their coach, where Draco and Natalie waited.

"So what do you think of Tom?" Harry asked, once the carriage started
moving.

"He seems quite knowledgeable," Hermione said, "Although his arrival is
a bit suspicious. I've never heard of a late transfer before."

"He'll definitely be Slytherin," Natalies said, "I bet he charmed and
possibly bribed the school board."

"He's a pedophile," Draco stated with a dead expression. "I'm amazed he
didn't rip off Harry's clothes and molest him in front of us."

"Draco!"

All three of them yelled it at the same time and with the same amount of
outrage. Hermione crossed her arms and scowled at her brother.

"Jealousy is very unflattering on you, Draco."

The blond boy merely sniffed and looked away.

---

Harry made it a point to stay extra close to Hermione on their way to
the Great Hall. He didn't fancy a repeat of last year's incident,
however unlikely. They found their seats and were soon joined by Clyde
and the Weasley twins. Fred and George, ignoring the social pecking
order as usual, looked rather like giants among the second years but no
one questioned it. They'd likely move three or four times during the
feast anyway.

"Good evening, our most High and Divine Lord of Chaos," Fred said by way
of greeting, "Was the rain your idea or did Snape's foul disposition
moved ahead of you?"

Harry rolled his eyes. "Must have been Snape. I would have thrown in
lightening and a thestral stampede."

"Well, there's always next year, your Lordship," George suggested.

"Don't encourage them, Harry," Hermione pleaded. "And don't insult my
godfather. I'm sure youwouldn't like me insulting *yours*."

Harry smiled, showing her he understood her hidden message. When the
feast was over, they would find a nice quiet place and Harry would
explain everything he had discovered 'that summer'. Undoubtably, she had
been dying to ask him the moment they saw each other.

The hall slowly filled until everyone but the nervous first years and a
curious looking Tom were seated. Headmistress Lestrange took the podium,
which struck Harry as kind of odd. Wasn't Voldemort the one who usually
addressed the students first? It wasn't as if he could remember much
from his first welcoming feast, being cursed and all. He turned to
Hermione to ask.

"Oh, yes," she agreed, not taking her eyes off the stage, "He enjoys
playing Headmaster quite a bit. I truly believe he thinks the only
wizards worth his time come through Hogwarts so he takes a lot of
initiative with the students. But I overheard mother talking about her,
and that Voldemort was displeased with her recent running of the school
so she's taking on the full responsibility of it now to show she's fit
for the job. If she blows it, Professor Snape will have her job for
sure."

"Welcome," Lestrange began, "to the beginning of another school year. As
always, I and all those present here expect great things from each of
you, as befitting of the most prestigious Wizarding School in the
world-"

"And I thought the Dark Lord was pretentious," Fred muttered. Hermione
hushed him.

"- and remind all returning students, the Forbidden Forest is strictly
off limits. If you are lost in there, there will be no search party to
retrieve you-"

George grinned. "Good, we'll know where to escape to when she finds that
nest of Skitzles we put in her-"

"Sshh!"

"And I have some unfortunate news. Professor Quirrel, our Dark Arts and
Defense teacher for several years now, was injured while researching
acumantulas and will not be returning to teach this year. Your new
teacher, however, is more than qualified. May I introduce Professor
Anthony MacNair."

Beside him, Harry heard Hermione gasp and it wasn't in pleasant
surprise. She looked positively pale when she spotted the man, who had
been slinking in a shadowy corner in a black cloak. He was a gaunt and
wicked looking man, and did not smile or acknowledge the polite applause
in any way.

"Now, because this is Professor MacNair's first year as a teacher,
Professor Snape has graciously offered up his time and expertise to
start a Dueling Club to help practice DA&D's practical applications."

"We're going to die."

If the twins had said it, Harry would have taken it in stride, but
coming from Hermione it was a tad bit worrying.

"In addition to our usual contingent of first years, we will be having a
fifth year transfer. Mr. Rook is attending public school for the first
time so I expect you all to be helpful and studious-"

The twins grinned at each other.

"-let the sorting begin."

McGonagall brought out a stool and a hat and set them at the front of
the hall. The hat immediately burst out into song. Harry thought it one
of the most ridiculous things he'd ever seen that didn't involve the
Dursley's laughable attempts at being 'classy'. It was over soon enough,
and McGonagall started to call first years to be sorted. Every table
greeted their new additions enthusiastically, quickly making room for
them.

Harry felt suddenly deprived. His own sorting had gone all wrong, and it
had taken months and a great deal of luck for him to be welcomed
anywhere at his own table. Even now, he realized, he didn't have the
same attachment to his own house that all the other students seemed to
possess. He likely never would either, and that was so utterly unfair.

"Rook, Thomas!"

Harry returned to the present to watch his new acquaintance stride
forward confidently. The Sorting hat barely touched his head before
shouting out a resounding 'Slytherin!'. Harry bit back at the feeling of
disappointment, reminding himself that half his friends were Slytherin
anyway. As if hearing his thoughts, Tom caught his eye on his way to the
Slytherin table and gave him a mischievous wink.

Harry wasn't the only one to notice it, for Fred and George each put
their arms protectively around him.

"No way!" cried George, "He'll have to get his own adorable Master of
Mischief. Harry's ours!"

"Here, here!" agreed Fred. Harry rolled his eyes.

It wasn't until almost the very end that another familiar name was
called.

"Weasley, Ginerva!"

Her name immediately perked Harry's attention, and he gave the nervous
girl a friendly wave as she made her way to the front. She smiled
timidly back. In a matter of seconds, the hat called out her house and
she practically skipped over to Gryffindor table. She paused briefly
before sitting to wave to Ron, who managed a little smile and wave.
Beside him, Draco gave him a pat on the back as if to say 'I know
*exactly* how you feel'.

She ended up sitting between George and Harry, looking the happiest girl
in the world.

"Oh, I was nervous!" she said, "But you all were right. Gryffindor all
the way!"

"Told you," Clyde said, as if the outcome was obvious. Hermione elbowed
him in the ribs.

"Welcome to Gryffindor, Ginny. It's been a while."

"Only a year! How is Draco, by the way?"

"He's now the official overlord of the first and second year Slytherins.
By Christmas he'll have completed his coup d'etat against Avery and
taken the third years as well."

Ginny laughed, not realizing Hermione wasn't actually joking.

"Congratulations," Percy said, wandering over, "Mom will be so pleased.
Sorry, I can't stay long. Prefect responsibilities, you know."

"Thanks, Percy," Ginny said, even as the older boy was wandering off
again, pulling out and discarding the dung bombs the twins had snuck
into his pockets.

"Prefect duties, my arse. He's going to flirt with Clearwater," said
Fred.

---

"So, what is this about your parents being wizards and your godfather is
a werewolf?" Hermione finally asked, once they'd finally found a moment
alone after the Welcoming Feast. They'd found a quiet little nook in the
common room, both dressed comfortably in their nightclothes, to speak.

"His name is Sirius Black. He was my father's best friend. They went to
this very school together. His mate is Remus Lupin, who also a good
friend of my father's in school, but he was a werewolf already by then.
My father and Sirius both figured it out, and helped him get through his
time at school. All three were the very best of friends. My mother was
also Gryffindor and attended the same years as them, though I don't
think she hooked up with my father until their last year together."

Hermione blinked. "But how would Remus have gone to school? It would
have been illegal at the time..."

Harry shrugged. "The Headmaster at the time was rather... open-minded?
Only he, McGonagall, my father, and godfather knew... and maybe my mom
figured it out later, I'm still a bit unclear on that."

She sat back and considered what he had told her and several questions
seemed to come to her, but she held her tongue. Finally, she spoke
again.

"So your parents have a taboo on their names? What did they do to get
those?"

"I don't know yet. I know they fought against Voldemort during the war,
and left shortly before he took control of Britain. They must have
really pissed him off, because after they reached Germany they withdrew
from the wizarding world completely."

He ran a hand through his hair in frustration.

"They never told me any of it. I don't know why they kept it from me.
It's not like I wouldn't have found out eventually. It's kind of hard
not to notice once you start setting things on fire and levitating the
family pet across the room."

Hermione nodded.

"It must have been really difficult for them. By then, they were
probably so sick of the war and magic in general, they just left it all
behind to start over. I'm sure they would have told you once you started
performing accidental magic."

Harry shrugged. "We'll never know will we? But you know what really gets
me? What really pisses me off?"

"Harry, language."

"*Everyone* knows. Voldemort sure as hell knows. McGonagall... god, I
don't know how I missed it. She practically blurted it out to my face
when she first saw me. She called me 'Harry'. Not 'Harold' or 'Mr.
Potter', but *Harry*. Snape knew the instant he saw me, and he's in WYRA
so he had to have reported it. Everyone at WYRA must have known. All the
teachers here must too. But they all just pretend I fell out of the damn
sky. Like none of it *matters*."

It was clear Hermione didn't know how to respond to that. She had no
idea what he must be feeling. Any similarity between their circumstance
was made moot by the fact that everyone knew her origins and they really
*didn't* matter, except in the context of her adoption and eventual
marriage.

When no words of wisdom were forthcoming, Harry just shrugged.

"At least I have Sirius and Remus. I know I won't actually be able to
meet them until I'm seventeen, but at least I can write them and get
some honest answers."

"Harry, you have to be careful. I know they're your family, and precious
to you, but they're also known traitors to the state. If people were to
learn that you're in contact with them, it could seriously damage your
reputation. If they expressed anti-government sentiments in their
letters, there would be physical evidence for a treason charge against
you. You have to be very, *very* careful."

Harry just rolled his eyes. "Why do you think I only told you? I thought
about telling Clyde or even Draco and Natalie, but I don't think I could
trust them that much. Voldemort gave the go ahead, and Snape already
knows and has to proofread my letters, but I'm not going to go blabbing
about it to everyone. Hufflepuff is known more for its loyalty than
Gryffindor, if you haven't noticed."

---

"How is the brandy, Tom?" Voldemort asked, taking a sip from his own
glass.

"Smokier than I remember, Brother, but still good," the boy replied,
stroking the head of his much grown familiar. Nagini was large enough
now to smother him easily, but her coils remained comfortably snug
around his arms and shoulders as she practically purred under his
fingers.

"Enjoy it while you can. After tonight, you'll have to do without till
the end of term. Your new Head of House is considerably more competent
than your last, and he despises rule breaking."

"You couldn't have a word with him?"

"I could" Voldemort agreed, "But I wouldn't over something so trivial.
Plus it will arouse his suspicions, and he's already suspicious enough
as it is. Your role here requires discretion."

Tom tilted his head in acknowledgment, and took another, slower, sip.

"I met him," he said, once the flavor had faded, "He found me on the
train almost immediately. I wonder if he sensed his own magic in me."

"I hope not. With a body of your own to anchor your magic, his should
have faded until only yours remained." Then the elder wizard smirked.
"Unless you're keeping some? A little memento from your 'mother'."

Tom gave him a smirk of his own.

"Why not? 'Mother's milk' made me grow tall and strong. His drawings
provided me the comfort of the world that his juvenile thoughts could
not, until his passion finally gave his words enough power to give me
form. He has the length and breadth of my affections, and the depth of
my gratitude."

This sentiment seemed to irritate the Dark Lord. *It was no wonder*, he
thought to himself,*that I would splice*this*particular section of my
soul into something as sentimental as a diary*.

"Do not get too attached. Young Mr. Potter's future will take him beyond
the walls of Hogwarts, and out of your reach. I have great plans for
him."

"And who am *I* to get in the way of such plans?"

The irony of that statement was not lost on Voldemort.

"Don't get cheeky, little brother. I freed you for a purpose. One which
you have already agreed to fulfill. With Britain's government stabilized
and measures for expansion under way, I will not be able to oversee
Hogwarts to the extent I would like. Lestrange's absolute loyalty is the
only thing that makes her increasing incompetence tolerable, and Snape's
great competence is the only reason I allow him authority which requires
absolute loyalty. Only you can I entrust to watch the school and its
occupants in my absence. And I am willing to grant you those positions
you desire in exchange for your assistance...and your compliance."

*And what if I want more?* Tom thought, but did not say. He had tried
his counterpart's patience far enough. If he were to ask for more *now*,
then the man would kill him. It was as simple or not so simple as that.

---