# The Hunt

"They blamed an acrumantula last time this happened," Hermione said, handing
over 'Hogwarts: A History' to Harry. The four of them were gathered in at the
far end of the library, surrounded by a silencing charm. They had selected a
couple of books on hexes and dueling, so that if anyone should question their
secretive behavior they could say they were studying for matches against other
Houses in Dueling Club. No one else had come up from dinner yet, but Madam
Pince was eying them suspiciously.

"What do you mean, 'the last time this happened'?" Clyde asked, looking over
Harry's shoulder at the article.

"According to 'Hogwarts: A History', *another* girl died in the exact same
manner as Sweety did, *and* in the exact same location, almost fifty years
ago," Hermione explained.

"Oh! Moaning Myrtle! I've heard about her from Patricia York. She say's she's
a right menace, what with flooding the bathroom and screeching at anyone who
enters," Ginny let out excitedly. "If that's the case, then we can just ask
her what happened right?"

"Who the heck is Moaning Myrtle?"

"She's a ghost of a first year who haunts the girl's dungeon lavatory," Harry
said.

"Gross! Who could take a leak with a dead girl floating through the stall?"

"Clyde!" Hermione scolded, but then tilted her head in concession, "Well, I
suppose that's pretty accurate. No one really goes in there because she's
pretty up-in-your-face as soon as you step inside. But she *is* a gabber. I
bet she'd tell us what happened-"

"No."

All three looked at Harry, surprised.

"What? You think she'd tell someone we asked her?" Hermione asked.

"No, I mean it's impossible to ask her. She's been... I dunno *what's* been
done to her, but the investigators brought me back into the lavatory, I found
*Myrtle* in one of the stalls. She looked like she'd been frozen in place. She
just sort of ... *floated* there with this vacant expression on her face. Can
you curse a ghost?"

"Wait, why didn't you say this before?" Ginny asked.

"Ginny, I'm sorry to say that just about half of everything I say about what
happens to me has been edited for content. Voldemort and Snape keep the
scissors."

Ginny shuddered.

"Well...ah... that's a clue at least, right? I mean, who would know how to
curse a ghost?"

"Snape," offered Clyde.

"No," Hermione cut off pointedly. "I don't think there are any spells you can
caste directly on a ghost. You'd need special equipment or incense or
incantations. Really, it would have been a lot easier to exorcise her rather
than ... *suspend* her. But that's a clue. We should start looking up things
that could do that to a ghost. Maybe we can figure out how it was done and
*then *figure out who or what could have done it."

"Or perhaps we could just find a cure and ask Myrtle directly," Harry offered.

Everyone looked rather interested in his idea for a moment, but then Hermione
sighed.

"No, they've probably exorcised her by now. She would have been proof that an
acumantula hadn't killed Sweety. They would have hidden her at the very
least."

Harry pulled out his watch and grinned.

"Thankfully, I'm a master at ending up exactly where I'm not suppose to be."

---

"I'm going to *kill* Potter!"

Tom looked up from his book, 'A History of Serpents and Magic', to observe
Draco Malfoy storming into the Slytherin Commons Room. He was followed shortly
after by his little band of cronies and the Cypher girl, all with varying
degrees of agreement. Tom mentally rolled his eyes. Draco's frustrated and
often ambiguous friendship with Potter was infamous among Slytherins, and
resulted in many speculations on his true feelings towards the Gryffindor.

The most common were as followed: Draco was secretly in love with Harry, but
would never admit it. Draco was secretly in love with his adopted sister, and
hated Harry because he was competition. Draco wanted Harry to marry his sister
Hermione, and was frustrated when he did stupid things to muck that up. Draco
hated Harry, but kept him as a friend because of his influence with the dark
lord. Draco hated Harry, and was pretending to be his friend so he could
destroy him later.

Tom was of the personal opinion that Draco both admired and envied Harry, and
hated himself because of it. It didn't really matter to Tom. He didn't intend
on letting Draco remain in Harry's sphere of influence for much longer, and
the boy was still young enough not to pose a real threat. He turned back to
his book, fully prepared to ignore the Malfoy heir but his next words drew his
attention back.

"Some one died, and Potter's already meddling and dragging my sister along
with him! I swear the next dueling practice I'm knocking his head clean off
his shoulders! It's not like he uses the silly thing!"

"Draco, you're being paranoid," Natalie said, sighing, "They went to the
*library*, not the dungeons. I bet your sister dragged them up there to
study."

"With *Ginny*? She doesn't have any of the same classes as them!"

Natalie shrugged. "For Dueling Club then. Maybe just to talk about what's
happened. If they have a half a knut worth of sense between them then they
don't believe Lestrange's load of dragon dung about spiders anymore than we
do."

Ron paused, mirroring Crabbe and Goyle's looks of confusions. "It wasn't
really a spider?"

The two blonds rolled their eyes, and continued to stalk up to the second year
dormitories. Tom pretended to read his book for another fifteen minutes, then
got up to head to the library. If what Draco suspected was right, then Harry
was setting himself up for trouble.

An intervention might be in order.

---

Harry and his friends spent almost four hours in the library researching
ghosts and old newspapers regarding the death of Myrtle Tetherwood. There was
a lot of material about the ghosts, less so about Myrtle.

"I can't seem to find anything about her in the newspapers," Hermione
lamented, "There seems to be some missing around the time of her death, but
there's no way of knowing if they were removed before or after Sweety's. But
it does suggest that they're connected some how."

"Yeah, and I doubt a *spider* went around stealing newspapers," Harry said,
before turning to his book, *Dealing with the Dreadful Dead.*

"Maybe McGonagal would know," Ginny suggested, "She would be about the right
age to attend Hogwarts then, wouldn't she?"

Hermione shook her head. "She'd never tell us, if she even knows. She probably
thought it really was an acrumantula, like everyone else at the time anyway."

The bookish witch turned suddenly thoughtful.

"It's weird though, that both girls were killed in *that* bathroom. I mean, if
it were an animal or a person, what are the chances of them killing someone in
the same place?"

"Well," Clyde said, taking the opportunity to close his book on exorcisms,
"that depends. If I were an animal or homicidal wizard, where would I be most
apt to kill anyone I met?"

Everyone turned him expectantly. He grinned and rolled his eyes.

"It's obvious. It'd be the place where I wouldn't want anyone else but me to
be. My *secret lair*."

"In the girl's bathroom? What kind of lair is that?!" Ginny protested.

"Wait," Harry interrupted, "Clyde might have something there. It might not be
the bathroom itself, but perhaps there's a secret passage in there. There's
secret passages all over the school, *especially* in the dungeons. They say no
one's ever found them all. Perhaps Cassandra and Myrtle both found it, and
accidentally set off a trap of some kind. Maybe a curse or a poison... or a
guardian."

There was a tense moment of silence as they digested the possibility..

"If that's the case, and they accidently released a guardian to some secret
passage... then I bet the Dark Lord knows about it," Hermione finally
continued, "That's why there's this big cover up. That's why they're blaming
it on something as ridiculous as spiders. They want to keep it a secret."

"But what if it really is a spider," Clyde suggested, "What if the acrumantula
was the 'guardian'?"

"I doubt it," said Harry, "A spider wouldn't have been able to bite Myrtle.
Besides, I've talked to Myrtle before. She said she saw a *pair* of big yellow
eyes just before she died. I think spiders have six or eight or something like
that."

"*Harry!* Why didn't you mention that before?!"

"Sorry, Hermione, I kind of forgot about it, really."

"Hold up a sec. When did you go into the girl's bathroom before? *Why* did
you, for that matter," Clyde asked.

Harry turned a bit pink around the ears. "I got sick after potions last year,
and ran into the first bathroom I could find. I *still* don't know were the
boy's bathroom is down there. But that's really not important right now!"

Hermione sighed and closed her books.

"I think we should call it a night."

"What? But we've just started making progress!" Ginny protested.

"Hardly," Hermione said tiredly. "We've only got a theory, and one that's
going to require us getting a lot more books about things other than exorcisms
and ghosts. I think we need to decide whether we want to pursue finding a cure
for Myrtle first or start investigating a secret passage theory before we
continue. Lets head back for now. I need to talk with Draco and I still have
to study for next Friday's History of Magic quiz."

Ginny and Clyde agreed, but Harry lingered.

"I'm just going to see if I can find some old maps of Hogwarts. It might prove
useful if were looking for a secret passages *or* a hidden ghost. I'll meet up
with you all at dinner."

"Alright, Harry, just don't get carried away. And be careful!"

"Yeah, those paper cuts can be deadly," Clyde laughed. Ginny smacked him
upside the head. They disappeared somewhere beyond the book shelves and Harry
cancelled the silencing charm. Now he could hear the faint sounds of library
activity, pages rustling, vague whispers, and the light creak of old wood.
Pulling his watch from his pocket he whispered 'Hogwart's maps' and let it
lead him to the far end of the library, where he found himself looking at the
locked gate to the Restricted Section.

"Well, damn."

"You should be grateful for the locks, Mr. Potter. Your curiosity in that room
will kill more than just a cat."

Harry jumped, dropping the books he'd been carrying and spun around to see
Snape looking cooly down at him. Mentally, he let out a groan. Just the person
he didn't need to see. From the other end of the library he could see Madam
Pince glowering over at him, and he avoided her accusing gaze as well as
Snape's by gathering up his books.

"Nervousness is a sign that a person is up to no good, you know," the potion's
master drawled.

"Or that someone else is up to no good," Harry muttered back, then glowered at
the man, making a point to look just above his head as he did so. There wasn't
any reason to take chances.

"Ah, perhaps," Snape conceded generously, but snatch up a book from amongst
those he was carrying. He read the title and raised a brow at Harry, who was
now blushing. "*'The Anatomy of the Spiritual Body'. *Found religion, have
we?"

"It's not about religion, it's about metaphysics," the Gryffindor bit out,
taking the book back.

"I don't recall metaphysics being apart of the second year curriculum, Mr.
Potter."

"Personal interest, Professor. Detentions have been rather low this semester."

Judging by Snape's expression, the older wizard clearly didn't believe him,
but he let it go for the moment. He pulled a letter from an inner pocket.

"This will likely be of personal interest, as well. If you think you might put
aside your meanderings on your inevitable demise for a few moments, you might
like to know you've received a letter."

Now Harry's interest was definitely perked. His mail, as far as he knew, was
handled completely through owl post with the exception of ...

"Sirius."

"Yes."

Harry reached up to take the letter, but Snape grabbed his wrist with his free
hand, and pulled him forward so the older wizard could hiss in his ear.

"I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that these letters are a
*privilege* for both you and your mangy godfathers, and so can be taken away
if either of you behave poorly. Poor behavior includes, but is not limited to,
meddling in affairs that do not concern you and lying to your guardians. I
trust we have an understanding?"

The man's grip was incredibly strong, and Harry knew he could snap his arm
without hardly trying. Worse, perhaps, was the fact that he had the power to
uphold his threat, severing the last chances Harry had at family. Reluctantly,
he looked Snape in the eye.

"I understand, Professor."

Snape held his gaze for moment, but there was no pressure or the slithering
feeling of a foreign presence in Harry's mind, and finally the potion's master
released him and handed him his letter.

"Good. I trust we will not require a repeat of this conversation."

Harry's gaze fell to his shoes.

"No, Professor."

Snape nodded sharply and turned to leave. He made it all the way to the end of
the first row of shelves, before pausing. Harry was afraid he was going to say
something else to him, but instead he turned to towards another row of books.

"Good evening, Mr. Rook. Studying hard, are we?"

There was a pause, and a very reluctant response.

"Yes, Professor."

A wave of humiliation washed over Harry. Had Tom been there through Snape's
entire visit? Had he seen him spook at Snape's sudden appearance? Had he heard
his godfather's name? Snape's threat? Had he seen Harry's pathetic submission?
He didn't know, but whatever Tom saw or thought he did, Harry didn't want to
be around to face the older boy's questions or pity. He quickly slipped down
another aisle, left his books with Madam Pince, and escaped to the hallway.

---

Snape kept his eyes on Rook, but listened closely to Harry's retreat. Rook
hadn't spoken, and the potion's master suspected he was listening as well. He
was glad he had decided to deliver Harry's letter here. It had originally been
his intention to wait till after Monday morning Potions, but the abrupt
appearance of Sirius Black's belated letter provided him the opportunity to
sate his curiosity on Harry and Hermione's activities in the library. He had
learned two very important things from the excursion.

One, the Gryffindors either weren't investigating after all and were pursuing
stranger hobbies involving ghosts or they had devised a theory that had
absolutely nothing to do with basilisks. Both circumstances meant he didn't
have to worry about them discovering the truth about Sweety (and really, what
*was* the truth?), but still meant he would have to watch to make sure they
didn't get involved with different kind of dangers altogether.

Two, Rook really was interested in Harry. Perhaps even stalking the young
wizard. That was something he was going to have to list in his next report to
Voldemort. It might provide him with sufficient reason to perform a background
check on the mysterious boy. Failing that, it would at least reassure the Dark
Lord that he was being vigilant in his duty regarding Potter, and perhaps even
further validate Snape's importance at Hogwarts.

Every little bit helped.

He smirked at Rook. "Your diligence to your academics is commendable, Mr.
Rook. So many students become *distracted* in their free time. I am glad to
see that is not the case with you. After all, with your late admittance to the
school, it is important for your future university to see how well you
acclimated to student life at an institutional level..."

*Every* little bit helped.

Rook's expression was cool and neutral, but the lack of his usual confident
smile, told Snape his threat had been received and given appropriate
significance.

"Yes, Professor."

"Well, then I will leave you to it. Don't stay too late."

With that he strode out of the library, gracing Madam Pince with a wicked
smirk. The strict librarian blushed inexplicably and turned away from his to
sort through the books Potter had left on her counter.

---

Tom watched Professor Snape's withdrawal, thoroughly flummoxed. Fifty years
ago, he could not recall a single wizard who had been able to see through and
out maneuver him with the exception of Albus Dumbledore.

And Severus Snape was no Albus Dumbledore.

Not *yet* anyway.

---

Harry practically ran out of Hogwarts. Or at least the castle. He had hidden
his letter in an inner pocket upon entering the school corridors, and then
headed straight for the green houses. After his initial embarrassment of Tom
witnessing Snape's reprimand, he was filled with excitement and anxiety over
his godfathers' letter. He had been waiting for so long, he didn't want anyone
to disturb him while he was reading, friend or foe, and went to one of the
most private places he knew.

No one but Professor Sprout and Harry used Green House number three, and Harry
only went there to visit and care for Inana. The highly venomous cobra lurking
amongst the greenery was more than enough of a deterrent to curious students.
Inana had an understanding, via Harry, that Sprout was there simply as a
humble servant to keep the illustrious Queen Inana's abode suitably green and
lush and should thus be ignored completely when ever she came or went. Sprout
assumed Harry had simply commanded Inana to leave her alone.

As if he could command a snake to do anything it didn't want to do. Convince,
perhaps, but never command.

So he knocked on the green house door, and then slipped inside. Inana was
curled up sleepily in one of Sprout's tin tubs, and hardly gave him any mind.
He found a large, upside down pot he used as a chair, and made himself
comfortable. He took out his letter and began to read.

*Dear Prongslet*

*Firstly, sorry we couldn't write to you sooner. I left a dead fish in Loki's bed, and the twerp threw such a hissy fit, I wasn't allowed to write for a while. He deserved it, I swear!*

Harry rolled his eyes, but smiled. Why was he not surprised? Incredibly
relieved, but not surprised.

*Secondly, don't worry about being a parselmouth. Your father told me once that your great-grandfather was one as well, but never told anyone outside of the family. He was also a Gryffindor, and a very kind and decent man. Don't let anyone hold this talent against you.*

A surge of joy fill him. It was a family trait! A gift passed down the Potter
line, perhaps the descendants of Slytherin, but obviously the black sheep of
that particular family. And Sirius and Remus knew and didn't care! Thank
Merlin! Thank God!

*Of course, we could have told you this if you had bothered to mention it **before **you managed to run off and started setting cobras on dark wizards. You do know you made it into Wizarding Weekly again, don't you?*

Eep. So that's how Voldemort knew to send Umbridge.

*Judging by McNair's short vacation to St. Mungo's, I take it you won that duel. Congratulations. We're so proud of you. Or I am at least. Remus was puttering around like such a girl. 'Oh, poor Harry, he must have been terrified!' 'What if Harry was hurt? What if he's mentally traumatized for life?!' I was more worried about you actually joining a club taught by Snivilus. **Are you mad?!*

*Well, if you are, welcome to the club.*

Harry grinned, and continued to read.

---

Harry's good mood lasted all the way until Wednesday. Sirius' letter had been
long and pleasant and such a relief. Despite all the bad things that had
happened, he couldn't help but feel things were starting to take a turn for
the better. The only down side to receiving it had been Snape's threat.
Hermione and Draco had also received a little 'talk' after potion's class on
Monday, and though Hermione hadn't told them what was said he had a pretty
good idea. The potion master's scrutiny had temporarily halted all research in
the library until they could think of a more discreet way to search.

It likely wouldn't have mattered anyway, as everyone seemed much to busy
catching up with school work and missed club activities to spare much time.
His Quidditch team was in a fierce competition with their rivals for time on
the pitch, and Harry found himself dragged off for practices at a moment's
notice at the oddest times. During lunch break, just before breakfast, and
half an hour before sunset were just a few examples of his quirky practice
schedule. Clyde had taken to bringing Harry and his adoptive uncles snacks and
meals they missed because of it. The boy chalked it up to 'showing House
spirit' by supporting the team, but Harry was touched by the gesture
nonetheless.

It was during one of these meal runs that Wednesday evening, that Clyde came
upon his friend being given an unusual assignment by Oliver Wood.

"Angelina's late," the captain said. "She probably didn't get the message or
something. I want you to go back to the castle to see if you can find her, kay
Harry? It's almost sunset and not good light for practicing with the snitch,
even with an illumination charm, so after you do this you can skip practice.
Kay?"

"Sure," Harry agreed, albeit reluctantly. As much as everyone seemed to value
his Seeker's skill, they still tended to treat him like the part-time towel
boy he'd been last year as punishment for flying without permission during his
first flying lesson. It was rather annoying.

"Come on, Harry!" Clyde urged, "Lets eat at the *table *for once. You remember
the table right? The food actually stays hot there and they serve dessert!"

Harry smiled and followed his friend back to the castle. Taking out his watch
he said Angelina's name, and observed as the long hand pointed down an empty
corridor.

"That's weird," Clyde said, "There's nothing down there but the Hufflepuff's
dormitory."

"Hold on, let me check something."

Harry turned the watch upright and watched as the long hand started to angle
upwards.

"She's on a higher floor. I think it's pointing toward the library or near
there. Come on."

"What's she doing in the library? It's already dinner time. I thought the only
girl crazy enough to choose a book over food was Hermione."

"You can ask her yourself when we find her."

The halls were mostly empty, with only a few students and teachers heading
down to the Great Hall, until they reached the fourth floor which seemed
entirely deserted. A distant flash of lightening drew their attention and
after a moment the distant rumble of thunder could be heard.

"Looks like practice will be cancelled anyway," Harry lamented. "I hope Wood
lets them off soon enough to avoid getting rained on."

Clyde remained silent. Glancing over at his friend, Harry saw that he wasn't
paying him any attention at all, but looking further down the call. He
followed Clyde's line of sight and jumped in surprise as another round of
lightening caste a figure in blinding white and darkest shadow. The light
faded almost immediately, revealing Angelina, looking down at what appeared to
be a make-up mirror.

"Angelina!" Harry called, but she didn't look up. He frowned and moved
forward, but Clyde grabbed him by his arm.

"Something's not right."

Their wands were in their hands instantly, a special flick of the wrist Snape
had taught them in Dueling Club that they hadn't thought they would ever need
to use in the halls of Hogwarts. They scanned the surrounding hall, found it
empty, and slowly moved forward.

"Angelina?" Harry tried again, but she remained motionless.

"I don't like this, Harry."

"Me neither."

At last they were beside her. There was still no response. Cautiously, Harry
reached out to touch the underside of her neck.

"She's alive, and still warm. She must have been cursed."

"Do you think she's been petrified?"

"Maybe, but not the kind we learned in Quirrell's class. It kind of... She
looks kind of like Myrtle did..."

They shared a telling look, and spun around to scan the hall yet again.

"What do we do?" Clyde asked.

"I'll stay here and guard Angelina. You go to the Great Hall and find some
teachers."

"But what if *it* comes back?"

"That's why I can't leave Angelina alone. She's can't defend herself like
this."

"But *Harry!"*

"*Go!* The faster you get someone the better."

The other boy hesitated, clearly torn about leaving his friend alone and
finding help for Angelina. Realizing he couldn't convince Harry to come with
him, he finally bolted back towards the stairs and out of sight. A distant
roll of thunder drowned out the sound of his shoes on the stones.

Alone in the hall, Harry tried to calm himself. Angelina wasn't dead. This was
a bad school prank. The Slytherin team trying to sabotage Gryffindor's
practices. A *finite incantatem* later, and she would probably be fine. He
would try it himself, but McNair's warning against applying counter-curses
without knowing the actual curse hadn't been forgotten. Madam Pomfrey or
Flickwit or even Snape would know what this was, and a simple incantation or a
bad tasting potion later and everything would be back to normal. He swore he
was going to *cream* Slytherin in their next match.

"Bloody hell, Potter, what did you *do*?!"

Harry spun around, his wand ready with a curse to defend himself, but he
hesitated. Ron Weasley stood at the end of the hallway, his wand in one hand
and accusatory glare on his face. Suddenly, Harry realized what this must look
like to the other boy.

"Bullocks."
