# The Hunting Grounds

"What are you looking for, Mr. Potter?"

Harry turned back around, and trotted to catch up with the irrate
potion's master. They had just finished dinner, and as promised headed
down to the dungeons to prepare his potion. Though this part of the
castle never received any natural sunlight, it still seemed somehow
eerier at night than during the day. The halls echoed louder and the
shadows seemed deeper.

"Thought I heard something."

*And I'm still hearing it...*

'The voice' had persisted throughout the day, popping up at odd times.
He had heard it during a study period in the dungeons with the other
Gryffindors, near the Great Hall on his way to lunch, and now again in
the dungeons. It seemed to be looking for something, but other than that
he couldn't tell what it was or what it wanted. For a while he had
thought it might have been 'the guardian', but that didn't explain why
he was the only one who could hear it. Unless, of course, it was a
snake, but that seemed to make as much sense as the spider story had.
How could a snake hurt a ghost? If it were just a random snake, it
seemed to know Hogwarts extremely well. He finally concluded he'd been
hit with some sort of 'schizophrenia curse', and rather than skip class
to get examined and babied by Madam Pomfrey, he'd instead opted to see
if it would fade on its own. Most illusionary curses didn't last long on
wizards or witches, especially when they aren't cast on ones self. If it
had been caste by Ron, he wasn't going to give the boy the satisfaction
of knowing the spell worked.

So far it hadn't begun to fade yet. Even now he could hear the vaguely
masculine voice mumbling to itself about where 'he' was and how bored it
was and how dark it was and how smelly everything was. Sometimes it
wouldn't say anything, and just hum some odd tune that seemed vaguely
familiar. As far as pranks went, it was pretty damn creepy.

"Come, Potter, we do not have all night."

The murmuring voice disappeared altogether once Harry entered the
potion's lab, and he couldn't help but wonder about that. Snape set him
to work nearest his desk, while he himself started leafing through his
papers. They said nothing as Harry set up his cauldron and scales and
gathered his supplies, but once the Gryffindor had settled into stirring
for the next fifteen minutes, Snape surprised him by initiating
conversation.

"Mr. Weasley seems to have taken a rather strong dislike to you, Mr.
Potter."

"You've *just* noticed?"

Snape shot him a look.

"It has never made me concerned for your safety before now."

Harry shrugged, not seeing the point of this conversation. It wasn't
like it was his fault Ron was a prat.

"You would do well not to provoke him."

The ladle in his hand stopped for a split second.

"When did I ever provoke him?! I've always ignored him and his stupid
games."

"Yes, exactly. You refuse to acknowledge him as someone worth noticing,
and now he feels as if he must *make* you acknowledge him, even if he
has to hurt you to do it."

Harry acknowledged that what Snape said made sense. Perhaps, in a way,
he had known it all along. Hadn't his ignoring the other boy been his
way of angering him in the first place?

"Less than a week ago you were suggesting I accuse him of cursing
Angelina, and *now* you want us to be buddies?"

"Circumstances have changed," Snape admitted. "The Weasley twins have
already alleviated the need to blame their younger brother, and provided
even better circumstances for me to set up safety measures. Yet, I seem
to have miscalculated the lengths with which young Ronald would go to
achieve his own perceived vindication. He is becoming a threat not only
to your reputation but also your physical well-being. For both your
sakes, I wish to ease the tension. You should add the dragonfly wings
now."

Harry floundered to retrieve said ingredients and crumble them into his
brew before it turned completely black, then settled back to let the
newest addition dissolve on its own.

"You could just expel him," Harry offered. "He confessed to adding the
acorn just after potions class."

Snape sneered.

"Expel one of my snakes over *you*, Mr. Potter? Don't flatter yourself."

The young wizard could have pointed out that a lot worse had been done
to Morgenson and Whitehall than mere expulsion, but didn't want to risk
it. He was being cheeky enough already. Briefly, he wondered what
happened to his two would-be murderers and whether he should write
Sirius and Remus to ask.

"What do you propose then?"

"Dueling Club practices will continue as always. We will be performing
our first practical demonstrations this Thursday. I want Mr. Weasley and
you to be one of the dueling pairs."

"I won't lose to him intentionally."

"Oh, believe me, Mr. Potter, I'm not worried about that. I suspect he'll
defeat you with his own skills. After all, I've been tutoring him."

"*What?!*"

---

"The entire school has gone nuts," Draco grumbled, moving his trembling
black pawn to block Natalie's vicious white knight. Predictably, the
bloodthirsty piece smashed the pawn clean off the board a moment later.
The young witch smirked at her knight's antics before deigning to
acknowledge Draco.

"Whatever do you mean, Malfoy?"

"*That* for one thing. You never call me Malfoy. And then you left me
with Parkinson in potions and then again in arithmancy. Are you mad
about something?"

"Of course not," she said dismissively. "But I mustn't give anyone the
impression that I'm one of your minions. It's degrading."

Draco scowled.

"I suppose it's fine then, but I can't think of why everyone else is
acting weird. Ron refuses to listen to me anymore and even seems to go
out of his way to annoy me. Ungrateful little bastard. Slytherin would
have torn him apart if it weren't for me. I'll have to remind him of
that fact soon."

Natalie nodded in approval.

"Yes, one should never let one of their pawns run the board. And who
else is acting oddly?"

"Hermione. She's joined another club. Journalism this time."

"What's odd about that?"

"She hates reporters."

She laughed at that.

"And then of course there's Potter."

"Isn't there always?"

He ignored the tease.

"I think he's starting to crack. He threatened Weasley in the dungeons
today-"

Natalie giggled, recalling the incident perfectly. Harry had been so
perfectly *wicked*.

"And now he keeps looking around as if he expects someone to hex him at
any moment. Plus I must have seen him turn around at least three times
saying he heard something today. Paranoid, I tell you. He'll be locked
away in St. Mungo's before the end of term."

His black rook overthrew the white knight, causing his friend to pout.
The knights were her favorite pieces after all.

"He has reason enough to be paranoid. These are dangerous times."

"Still going to go crackers."

"Check."

"Shit."

---

Tom's roving spirit re-entered his body and he opened his eyes to stare
up at the canopy of his bed. He pondered over the conversation he had
overheard between Malfoy and Cypher, and tried to determine how much of
it was worth investigating and how much was just idle gossip.

"*And now he keeps looking around as if he expects someone to hex him at
any moment. Plus I must have seen him turn around at least three times
saying he heard something, today alone.*"

Was Harry being paranoid or was he really hearing something. Something
only Harry... and perhaps another parselmouth might hear? If that were
the case, then Muchalinda had been given far more liberty than was wise.
Snape's many barriers were doing their job, but how long would that
last? There were so many secret passages, and no way to secure them all.

He had not heard the basilisk at all when he was about the school, but
was that because the serpent wasn't there or because it was following
his orders to keep at a distance? He had made it very clear to his
minion what exactly he expected of them and what liberties would be
allowed. His own inculpability and Harry's safety must be assured before
they were allowed to 'play', and only as a means to be rid of his
targets. The mistake with Angelina was inconvenient, but understandable.
At the same time, Harry had gotten much too close to danger.

He had made his displeasure *well* known to his servant, but had not
been able to deliver the message in person. Something he felt was
critical to them understanding the gravity of his instructions. He had a
sneaking suspicion that they were having a little too much *fun*.

---

Five o' six am was an ungodly time to be called out of one's bed, even
for as ungodly a man as Severus Snape. Particularly by house elves.

Wretchedly over excited and frightened house elves.

"Master Snape says Nibby must come quick if something *nasty* is seen in
Hogwarts. Oh and what a *nasty nasty* thing Nibby has seen!" she wailed,
her floppy ears sagging like an unhappy puppy.

Snape merely grunted in response, tying back his hair for once so he
wouldn't be delayed with combing it. He took a vial from his night stand
and downed it in one shot, the potion chasing away his sleepiness as no
amount of caffeine ever would and without the irritating side effects.
With that, he slipped on his teaching robe and stormed out of his
private quarters and towards the kitchens, Nibby running after him.

By the time he reached the kitchen the barrier had already been taken
down by Flitwick and McGonagall, both still in their bed clothes. Snape
almost cracked a smile at the charm's professor's frog print pajamas.
Almost.

The five dead house elves pretty much killed whatever humor he found in
the situation after that. There was a horrid stench of burnt flesh.

"I pulled one of them off the stove before it completely caught fire,"
McGonagall said sadly. "Aside from that, we haven't disturbed anything."

"The rest of the house elves?" Snape asked, tip-toeing around broken
eggs and flour until he reached the first body, her large bulbous eyes
staring innocently up at nothing. He recognized her as Yoyo, the
youngest and giggliest of her fourteen siblings.

"I found them hiding in the pantry. I sent them to the laundry. Working
always seems to calm them down."

Snape nodded, moving to the next body and then the next. After
confirming they had all died in the same manner, he went on to
investigate the rest of the kitchen. It was a mess, food and cooking
utensils scattered everywhere, tiny hand and foot prints of flour
marking the hurried escape of Hogwart's cheery slave population.

"There's no sign of a secret passage in here. It must have entered from
the hall and gone out the same way. There are at least four different
hidden passages it might of escaped through," he said.

Flitwick surveyed the damage and shook his head in dismay.

"This is awful."

"It could have been worse, Filius. *A lot* worse. Hufflepuff's
dormitories are only another hall away," Snape pointed out.

"*Hem-hem*."

Three heads turned to see Madam Umbridge, looking as if she had been up
and ready for hours, and Professor McNair, who looked none to pleased to
be awake, standing in the door way. Umbridge cast her wide eyes around
the room, her vapid smile firmly in place even as she spotted the dead
house elves.

"My goodness," she said pleasantly, "This will take forever to clean up.
I hope no one was hurt."

The three looked at her blankly for a moment, then at the five corpses.
Snape spoke first.

"No... I suppose, technically speaking, no one was *hurt*."

Then he went on to ignore her.

"Filius, Minerva, I want you to secure this corridor and take care of
the elves. I want the barrier up again by six. Umbridge, inform the rest
of the staff. McNair, you and I are going hunting."

McNair's grumpy scowl curved into a malicious grin. This was likely the
first bit of fun he'd had all year.

"*Hem hem...*"

"You should really have that checked, Madam," Snape said, already
stalking past the toady woman and following the traces of flour that
marked the murderer's passing.

---

The voice was gone the next day. Harry waited for it to appear all
through his morning routine, on his way down to the Great Hall, all
through his oddly skimpy breakfast of oatmeal and fruit, and on his way
to classes, but it never reappeared. He felt strangely accomplished by
that, now knowing his avoidance of the hospital wing had been the right
decision and that somewhere someone was wondering what they'd done wrong
in their casting.

This cheery feeling didn't last long. The circus of curses had died down
over the weekend, even if everyone's disgruntled attitude had not. The
general atmosphere of Hogwarts remained tense and uninviting. Even the
teachers seemed stressed and disgruntled.

Oliver Wood was insistent that even though Quidditch was cancelled, that
the team still keep up practices under Professor Grimm's supervision to
keep their competitive edge. Harry would have been quite content with
this, but the weather which had been unseasonably mild finally decided
to rear it's ugly head. A cold snap had blown in from the North,
bringing with it a light snow and a reminder that the Christmas season
was only a week away.

Suddenly, Harry found himself inundated with a completely new set of
worries on top of his old ones. There was his inevitable duel with Ron
that Thursday, semester exams and papers he would need to start work on,
'the guardian' which may or may not have gone, Christmas presents he
would need to buy or make within a month, Quidditch practices in bad
weather, and still the need to be watchful of attacks in the hall (even
if hexes had become rarer, he doubted he was completely safe).

It was almost a relief that he and his friends had decided to halt their
investigation. In fact, it *would* have been a relief except that made
Harry feel like such a cowardly jerk.

His life went from dangerous and exciting to hectic and mundane
practically over night. Hermione tried her best to get him organized,
but she was having more than a little trouble with that herself. Much of
her spare time was being taken up with getting the newspaper up and
running. Clyde's only concern was gathering enough courage to ask Cathy
Wicket to the Winter Dance, and that wasn't going to help anyone.

Deciding he may as well face his most immediate concern- his duel with
Ron- first, he found himself burying his nose in spell and strategy
books. He wasn't sure what good it would do him in the end. Books would
help him, but not nearly as much as instruction from Snape would likely
help Ron.

---

"Relax, Harry," Clyde said, as he and the rest of their club made their
way from dinner to the Dueling Hall, "It's only Ron."

Ginny pinched him. Hard.

"Shut up, Clyde. What do you know about it?" she snapped, not liking the
dig at her brother one bit. Ron was full of flaws, but she knew better
than most that he was not weak. Stubborn as a mule and oblivious at
times, but never weak. She hoped Harry had been paying more attention to
his rival than Clyde had and realized this. She wished Hermione hadn't
decided to skip this lesson in favor of calibrating the Hogwart's
Herald's new printing press. The brainy girl might have had better luck
cautioning Harry than she would have. Not that she had been able to
caution him much to begin with. Every time she turned to him to say
something, she'd notice and cute his serious face was and get
distracted.

Ron kept peeking over his shoulder at them, his expression hungry.

They entered the Dueling Hall and found it had been rearranged a bit.
The dummies had all been pushed back to press against the far wall, and
a matt that was shaped like the dueling platform had been pushed to the
center of the freed space.

"You have ten minutes to suit up and line up beside the matt," Snape
instructed them, gesturing towards the armor on their practice dummies.
They all hurried to obey and were in formation, standing at attention in
military fashion within seven minutes. Snape walked along the line and
made sure they were fitted properly before he began their lesson.

"For the last several weeks we have gone over the basics of Dueling, but
lectures and practice dummies only provide so much preparation for the
real thing. When you finally take the platform, you will not be facing a
piece of wood, but a living, breathing, conniving person who wants to
destroy you. Hesitation is natural, a result of the unpredictable
consequence of your spell and the equally unpredictable response from
your opponent. Natural, but unacceptable."

Snape paused, pulling their attention towards him like fish on a hook.
It almost *hurt* to be drawn in, but it hurt worse to struggle.

"We will begin actual duels today. I do not want you to worry about
strategies yet. hat will come later. I want you to simply work to
overcome your natural hesitancy. Fire the first spell that comes to
mind, and do not worry about your opponent's spells."

Mentally, Harry scoffed at the hypocrisy of Snape's instructions, for
despite the man's words he knew that he and Ron would be neither
hesitating or spouting out anything randomly. It would be a REAL duel.

"You will not be scored on your success or failure," the professor
continued, "but I do want you all to try your best. Next semester I will
be assigning one of you as the captain of the Junior Dueling Club, based
on your proficiency in my lessons. Houghton, Malfoy. You two first."

Clyde seemed a bit startled. He had known Harry and Ron were going to
fight, but it hadn't occurred to him that he might actually have to as
well. Draco was looking rather smug in comparison. He had a reason to
be, for they had only gotten through the ritual salute when Draco blew
him clean off the mat with a simple expelliarmus. Snape did not hesitate
to call up the next two duelists; Ginny and a first year Ravenclaw boy.
They were more equal, and they managed to cast two spells each before
Ginny took the boy's wand with a simple summoning charm. And so it went,
with each of them being called to the platform. The duels were short,
most of them over within the first three spells caste and all of them
under a minute.

Harry and Ron were the last summoned. It wasn't unexpected, but it
didn't make it any less nerve-wracking for Harry. He took a deep,
calming breath and moved to the platform. Harry briefly noted that Ron
had changed his uniform colors to solid black, but quickly returned his
attention to more important things.

They saluted, and locking his eyes to his opponent, he could see a
savage hunger for battle and something else which seemed more dangerous
for his inability to recognize it.

"*Suffuco sentenia!*"

"*Oculus obligo!*"

The two hexes smashes into each other simultaneously, evaporating into
nothingness. The voices had barely stopped echoing through the hall
before the duelists were set to attacking again.

"*Sterneo!*" cried Ron, gesturing violently with his wand. Harry simply
move sideways to avoid, shouting out a Wind Curse. Ron blocked it with a
shield charm, but the charm was meant to block elemental curses and not
the Stinging Hex that followed. Turning sideways, the redhead caught it
in the arm not holding his wand, before casting three curses of his own
in quick succession.

"*Perturbo ordo!*" Harry called, the disruption spell causing two of the
three spells to break off and fizzle in the air like firework sparks.
The third curse slipped through behind the other two, ghosting into and
over Harry. He felt the affects immediately, not in the form of pain as
he had expected, but fear.

"*Fortis fidens!*" This spell, Harry did not caste on Ron, but on
himself. A Bravery Charm. It was a risky move, especially since he
wasn't entirely certain what spell Ron had used on him, but he hoped it
was enough to prevent the rise of magically induced terror.

And it seemed to work... or at least work in his favor.

The fear was still there, making his heart beat frantically and his
hands tremble around his wand. It also made the adrenaline rush through
him, unleashing strength and a flurry of mad thoughts formed for simple
self preservation.

The spells were coming to him faster, coming out more powerfully, more
recklessly. Ron was forced to move to the offensive, blocking and
dodging, clinging to his position on the matt and waiting for exhaustion
to do what his own curses could not.

Harry was on his twelfth hex when his magic suddenly flickered, causing
him to stumble, almost from the matt all together. Ron brought down his
shield to cast his next curse.

"*Spina mordeo!*"

Harry instinctively brought up his arm to protect his face, foolishly
using his wand arm which caught the worst of the Thorn Curse. He hissed
as he felt a hundred little barbs sink into his exposed hand and the
bend of his elbow where his armor did not protect him. Stubbornly, he
refused to drop his wand, even as the sickening feeling of his own blood
on his hands and the sickly scent of it pervaded his senses.

"Not so tough after all," Ron said, breathless and gleeful, and followed
his observation with another spell.

He heard the second curse shouted and quickly rolled out of the way and
to his feet, shouting out two successive spells of his own. Ron blocked
the first curse easily, but the rock Harry had summoned flew through it
as if it weren't even there. It struck him clean in the forehead and
knocked him to the ground.

Harry's magic wavered yet again, preventing him from casting the final
blow before Ron managed to scramble back to his feet, blood seeping from
a gash on his forehead.

"*Blood. Oh, I smell it! I smell it!*" came an unfortunately familiar
voice. A feeling of dread that had nothing to do with Ron's previous
curse settled into Harry's stomach. He had thought 'the voice' gone,
certain it was a cursed induced hallucination that had finally faded
away. It couldn't have come back. Curses didn't work that way!

"*It's here, and it sssmellsss sssooooo goooood...* *I musst* *have
it!*"

'The voice' distracted Harry enough for Ron to regain his balance, but
the impetuous boy wasn't satisfied to fling another fruitless spell. His
head throbbed, his *anger* throbbed in time with it, frustration
pounding in his mind in time with the heart pounding in his chest. It
wasn't suppose to be like this! He had trained so *hard*, done
*everything* Snape had told him, *studied* for hours and hours on end
when even Draco had given up. Potter should not have lasted this long.
There was no way the stupid Gryffidnor was as powerful or perfect as
everyone thought he was. He was just a stupid mudblooded fool with
brainy friends and a silly ability to talk to snakes.

There was no way Harry fucking Potter was better than him!

With a roar of pure rage, he rushed for the Gryffindor, tackling him to
the matts.

"Harry! Ron! Stop!" someone cried, reminding Harry of the spectators he
had forgotten about. He had been so preoccupied with Ron, he hadn't been
able to think about those around them. How long had they been dueling,
anyway?

"*I want it! I want it*nowthe disembodied voice demanded, and then fell
into the most horrible description of why. Even as he struggled to push
the other boy off of him, Harry felt the rise in panic as the voice drew
closer and louder and more bloodthirsty.

Hewanted to flee, believing it was *his* blood the thing wanted, but the
fight with Ron wasn't over. The first punch split his lip, but he
managed to block the second, only to loose his wand on the third.

Snape managed to reach them before the fourth one landed, pulling Ron
off physically.

"Wealsey! What in the name of Merlin are you *doing?!*" Snape snarled,
shaking the boy like a rag doll. The potion master's attention was soon
diverted to Potter who had jumped to his feet before any of his friends
could reach him and bolted for the door. "*Potter!*Get back here!"

But the Gryffindor ignored him or possibly hadn't even heard him,
slamming the door behind him.

---

The halls were deserted, still forbidden as result of Snape's rigorously
enforced restrictions. Harry was both glad and terrified of that. He
sprinted in a random direction, but the voice followed him, growing
impatient in its hunger.

"*I can sssmell it, ssso clossse, so clossse.* *Ssso hungry. Houssse
elvesss are too musty to sssatisssfy.*"

He found the stars and rushed down them, barely keeping himself from
plummeting down them head first. When he reached the bottom, he paused a
moment to gain his bearings. The halls down here were silent. Should he
remain where he was then? Where could he go? This thing following him,
what was it? Should he flee the castle altogether?

Harry's mind was flooded with panic, partly from Ron's curse and partly
from a very real fear of the things he knew haunted this school. For a
minute he clung to the rail at the bottom of the stairs, trying to think
when all his mind wanted was for him to flee and all his body wanted was
for him to rest.

"*There! I found you!*"

Harry let out a startled scream, spinning around and finding no one, but
unable to keep himself from running away nonetheless. He didn't know
where he was going. There was no plan. Finding a teacher to protect him
or a place to hide was secondary to simply *getting away*.

He found himself at the front entrance of the school. The heavy wooden
doors were closed, latched shut from the inside. He seized the first
lock and tried to unlatch it, but it stuck firm. Harry searched his
pockets for his wand before remembering that Ron had knocked it out of
his hand in the Dueling Hall. Screaming in frustration and fear, he
pounding at the door with already bloodied fist.

"Let me out!"

"*Sssmellsss like fear. Deliciousss.*"

"LET ME OUT!"

"Potter!"

He spun around to find Snape rushing down the hall, and his terror
leaping between that of the bloodthirsty voice or his enraged professor.
The man seemed to hesitate as he came close, eying the bloodied hand
prints on the door suspiciously before turning his sights to the one who
had made them. Harry could only stare mutely at the man, knowing it was
almost as dangerous to run from this man as it was to stay in the
non-presence of his pursuer.

"Do not move, Potter," Snape warned cooly, moving forward with
deliberate slowness to prevent the boy from bolting. "You're under the
affects of a Panic Hex."

Harry shook his head.

"I can hear it. It wants to kill me. It can smell my blood. Can't you
hear it? Why am I the only one I can hear it?"

Snape hesitate. Harry eyes widened.

"It's a snake, isn't it? Whatever killed Sweety is a snake, isn't it?
And it's here, and it wants to kill me-"

"Don't be conceited, Potter. It's only the curse making you think
that,"Snape said, taking another step closer. Harry pressed himself
further into the door, as if he might somehow push himself *through* it
altogether.

"No. No, I heard it before. I've heard it everywhere. In the dungeons
and the hallways. Not in the tower, but once just outside of it... It's
*following* me... Let me out, let me OUT OF HERE!"

He seized the locks again, tearing at them with all his strength and
gradually he felt the first one give-

"*Praesens dormio!*"

---

Sitting in the infirmary, Severus looked down at the boy who gave him so
much trouble and wished he could resent him for it. Resentful was his
usual state of being, and even in situations where it wasn't warranted
he could easily summon the feeling and remain quite comfortably there.

It was certainly better than pitying. He didn't like the feeling and he
doubted Potter would appreciate it any. Yet whenever he tried to banish
the feeling, he would see the bloodied hand prints on the entrance doors
and screams to be let out. Not all the screaming he heard in his mind
had been from Potter. Some of the voices were old and dead and gone
forever except in the odd moments when his memories surfaced and the
frail remains of his conscious plagued him.

Harry was not old or dead or gone though, merely sleeping, dark hair
hallowing his pale sweaty complexion. He would have to write the Dark
Lord about this. It was a calculated risk on his part. Voldemort would
not be happy to learn that Harry was possibly being hunted, but he would
be even less so if he learned Snape tried to hide that fact.

The death of the house elves and the failure of the resulting search
early that morning was hardly going to impress his Master, although his
skill in keeping it quiet so far, just might.

There was no telling what the Dark Lord's response would be in the end.
He may return to the castle or have Harry removed from it, or leave
Snape to handle the boy's protection (and he was hoping for the last
option). He could not be completely sure that the voices Harry heard
were from the basilisk and not something or someone else, and he hated
the idea of turning someone's practical joke into an act of treason.

Regardless of what happened next, Snape had to deal with the problem of
keeping Harry safe and also keeping the boy quiet. In his deranged
state, the boy had stumbled to a conclusion about Sweety's killer that
hit far too close to the truth. Demands of silence would only go so far.
He would have to ensure that Harry was kept conveniently (and safely)
out of the way of rest of the school, particularly Hermione who would
easily figure out the rest of the puzzle.

Until Christmas break at least, only two and half weeks away, and then
the boy could be sent away from the castle for the holidays and a more
permanent solution could be found or the basilisk destroyed with any
luck.

Plucking a small vial from his robes, Snape very carefully unscrewed the
top. The lid doubled as a thin dropper, and he used it to carefully
place two tiny drops on the bottom of Harry's lip. The sleeping child
licked his lip reflexively, taking the potion into his body with hardly
a grimace.

Snape returned the vial to his robe and sighed. The next few weeks would
not be pleasant for Harry, but in the end it would be for the best.

The best for everyone.

He nudged prodded Harry sharply with his wand. The boy bolted up right,
his sleep and potion fogged mind less quick to follow his body's lead.
Wincing against wakefulness, he batted the wand away and glowered in his
assaulter's general direction. His glasses were elsewhere and he
couldn't be bothered to care, wanting nothing more than to fall back to
sleep.

"What?" he grumbled.

"Sign this," Snape commanded, placing a quill in one lax hand and some
sort of parchment on his lap. Harry looked down at the parchment but
without his glasses it was illegible. He let out an enormous yawn and
scribbled something he thought vaguely resembled his signature between
two other nonsensical squiggles.

With the sedative running fresh and strong in his blood, it did not
occur to Harry to question what he was doing, only to find the quickest
and easiest means to return to the comfort of sleep. Once Snape had
taken back both the quill and parchment, the potions master allowed him
to do just that.

When Harry awoke next he would be in no condition to wonder exactly what
he had done in his vulnerable state, and it would be several days later
before he realized the consequences of that hasty act even if the act
itself remained vague in his mind. He did, however, make an important
decision rather quickly after.

Snape was officially off his Christmas list until he died.

---

I have no idea if this is true or not in Rowling's universe, but I would
think it would be harder to make a long term spell stick to a
witch/wizard without having their own natural magic disrupt it. It
wouldn't be the same if say someone caste a disguise spell on
themselves, since it would already be compatible with their body's own
magic. Curses and hexes can work better because they work quickly and
rarely linger for long (although it certainly *feels* like a long time
to the cursed I'm sure). There are, of course, exceptions, but you'll
notice that they're usually considered *very* powerful spells. Potions
work for longer periods because they have no magical signature of their
own. That's my theory anyway. Agree or disagree as much as you like.
Artistic liscense. :P
