# The Prince and the Second Quest

The Chamber of Secrets was as beautiful and mysterious as he remembered
it. A strange mixture of natural geology and human design; symbolic of
an age when practitioners of magic were less apt to differentiate the
two. It brought a powerful longing in Voldemort, a nostalgia for a time
he had never known yet dreamed of constantly. It had been before
Christianity had completely smothered the pagan rites and beliefs of the
people, and muggles newly pressed in the idea of monotheism, still held
an instinctive fear of something other than the devil.

But he was not here to pay homage to the ancient past nor his ancestor
who had made the chamber itself. He was there to find Muchalinda, and so
far he wasn't having any luck. He had called to him three times, and
though the great serpent was powerful, it would never knowingly defy
him. It was gone, and it seemed to have been gone for a while.

The secret entrance from the girl's lavatory was undisturbed, and his
questioning of the serpentine faucet/gatekeeper had proved frustrating
but not completely fruitless. The chamber had been opened from the
inside, meaning whoever had let Muchalinda out had to have entered from
the only other secret passage that led here. With neither the gatekeeper
as witness nor the guardian present to answer his questions, there was
no way he could be certain who had let Muchalinda escape. It did,
however, eliminate an Imperius-ed Harry as a possibility since the other
entrance was located in the forbidden forest. His choices now seemed
limited to only those Death Eaters he had revealed the second secret
entrance to over a decade ago. No one else could have known of it and
the magical contract binding them to secrecy would have kept it that
way.

That eliminated Snape as a suspect, as he hadn't needed to bring the
potion's master to the chamber in order to infiltrate the school. He had
already done that on his own as a new teacher. Not that he had ever
seriously considered Snape. MacNair would have been in class... yet he
loathed to drop him as a possible suspect. Lestrange was capable, but
without suitable motive. The six or so still living Death Eaters who
knew of the place had to be considered as well. His minions may have
done well for themselves after the war, but he had left more than a few
disgruntled enough to pitch a hissy fit in the form of terrorism.

Or Tom really was involved.

Tom had no resources and no conceivable motivation, but he was clever.
Clever enough to orchestrate a death or two without leaving a clue and
clever enough to hide (or destroy) his weapon of choice afterwards.

He should know. He had killed his father and grandparents before
graduation and never been accused. He had killed a lover too. And her
other lover. And that pick-pocket from Knockturn alley... or had he only
maimed that one?

He shoved aside his useless meanderings and headed towards the exit.
There were no clues left to be found here, and he was expected back in
Bristol later this afternoon. He had just enough time to inform
Lestrange and Snape of what he found or rather *didn't* find, and
perhaps lay a few spells where he felt it warranted.

Time would tell if the threat had passed, disappearing into the unknown
with his precious Muchalinda.

Some how, he doubted it.

---

Cassandra Sweety's funeral was held on Saturday, and only a few of her
closest friends had been permitted to leave the school to attend. Harry
was not counted among them. The memorial service Voldemort promised was
that Sunday, which Harry did attend.

The service was held in a section of the castle Harry had never been in,
which was a pity since it was very beautiful. The ceilings were high and
vaulted, with equally tall windows on either side, letting southern
light streamed in through most of the day. Gothic arches and columns
decorated the chamber and divided the room into partitions, elegantly
drawing a person's eye's upwards to the ceilings, inlaid with golden
lief in patterns Harry vaguely recognized as Greek Orthodox with a heavy
Islamic influence. Harry wasn't certain if the room was meant to be a
church per se, as the only religious icon he recognized was a sort of
cross inlaid with runes standing over the memorial altar which easily
could have been removed, but it resembled the inside of a cathedral
enough to give a divine aura to the place.

The Hufflepuffs had been hard at work preparing for the service, Harry
could tell. The room was laden heavily with white and yellow flowers, of
many varieties from lilies and roses to marigolds and baby's breath.
There were gold banners, not with Sweety's house crest, but her adoptive
family's hanging above them in two rows of six.. Hundreds of white
candles in long golden candlesticks glimmered from the dimness of the
upper inner sanctum, forming a series of perfect half circles around an
altar. The altar was so heavily laden with flowers that you couldn't see
the altar underneath, but the framed picture of Cassandra Sweety was
clearly visible from the top.

In her frame, Cassandra giggled and flitted in and out of view so that
only one part of her face seemed visible at any given time. A twinkling
blue eye. The teasing curve of lips. A wisp of wavy brown hair. Every so
often she'd pause and pull back and you could see her entire face, and
her hands twiddling with her yellow and black scarf.

Harry thought she looked like a very playful and happy person. The sort
of girl who would have done well with children and the elderly. But
there was no way of knowing now.

Standing amongst the flowers and the candles and the golden banners,
Harry felt like little more than a ornament himself in his own
glistening white robes. They were merely his school robes transfigured
white, much like everyone else's as no one had thought to bring their
funeral robes to school, but they seemed so strange to him. Beside him,
Hermione who also dressed in white, looked ready for a marriage rather
than a funeral. Draco was somewhere in the crowd of white, but with his
pale skin and hair he had all but disappeared. Almost the entire school
was there, either out of real sympathy or sense of obligation, from the
Headmistress all the way down to the Sleuw's.

"In the wizarding world," Hermione whispered, "White is the color of
death, not black. It symbolizes purity and a return to the divine
light."

Harry supposed it made more sense than black, which he supposed seemed
like a symbolic return to absolute nothingness. Still, in the part of
him that still thought as a muggle, all this white seemed farcical for
such a somber occasion. Especially since the entire school had seemed in
a such a gloomy mood.

The Hufflepuffs were of course, hit the hardest. It wasn't uncommon to
have one of the girls spontaneously burst into tears during a lesson or
a meal, often dragging a few of their classmate's into an emotional fit
in the process. The rest of the time they were withdrawn and quiet,
avoiding the company of other houses in favor of clustering together in
comforting circles.

Slytherins, which were hardly known for their sympathetic side, were
more than likely mocking them behind the closed doors of their common
room, but in the open halls they remained respectfully reserved with a
few exceptions. A few of the more mean spirited boys and a petty
Millicent Bulstrode made the mistake of mocking Cassandra Sweety's
former boyfriend, Cedric Diggory, throwing out suggestions that he had
knocked up the girl and then killed her to keep from taking
responsibility. None of his mockers were in Dueling Club, and if they
had been they would have known better than to torment the Captain of the
Junior Varisty team.

Diggory received a week's worth of detention for what followed. Many
thought he got the worst of it, but Harry had seen the Slytherin's
leaving Snape's office after the event. The shame in their eyes and the
bright red hand print on their cheeks seemed a greater punishment than
polishing trophies by hand to Harry.

The Ravenclaws took it mostly in stride, though a few who had the girl
in their study group seemed genuinely upset by her absence.

Gryffindor was handling things the worst in Harry's opinion. Gryffindors
were witches and wizards of action, not contemplation, and death was
something none of them could really do anything about. But they tried
anyway. There was a great deal of talk about finding the culprit and
making that person pay, but it was mostly talk. Harry himself had been
interrogated for clues several times, but he had started replying only
in German after a while and then cursing them in Parseltongue shortly
after.

There were a few whispers about his involvement in Cassandra's death,
but after last year most were still stinging from their misjudgment of
him and avoided such rumors.

Harry wasn't sure how long their guilt would hold off their need to
blame someone, namely himself. Hermione had warned him that since he was
well known, he automatically fell under more intense scrutiny and that
made him vulnerable to baseless accusations. He didn't know what he
would do if that happened. Being unpopular because of a mistake he'd
made was one thing, but being accused of murder was something else
altogether.

At least the Hufflepuff's didn't seem to be entertaining that nonsense.
He had talked with several of them as they had gathered for the memorial
service. Their honest grief over Cassandra touched Harry, and the pained
look in their eyes when they asked whether it appeared she had suffered
in her last moments inclined him to answer them as he hadn't anyone
else, not even Hermione.

"She looked a little startled. I think she died before the surprise had
even worn off. There was no pain in her expression."

The girls all cried. Every single one of them. A few of the boys too.
Diggory had nodded once, taken a deep breath and thanked him.

The memorial service lasted an hour and a half. A few teachers talked
about what a hard working student she was, her determination, and the
regret that she wouldn't go on to aid the wizarding world with her
strength and her character. Her friends talked of less grand things. Of
study groups where there was more laughter than actual studying, where
comforting a friend had meant more than studying for an exam, and smiles
even when things didn't go as planned or perhaps because they didn't.

Afterwards they all walked by her memorial, laying down cards and more
flowers and trinkets. Harry hadn't known her, but feeling a strange
connection to her, had drawn a picture of a lark for her. One of her
friends had said it was her spirit animal.

For the first time since the murder that Wednesday, Harry wanted to be
alone. Unable to leave the common room like the rest of his House until
Monday morning classes, he had to settle for pulling the curtain around
his bed and casting a silencing charm.

Secluded in his new, smaller world consisting only of his bed, the
surrounding darkness, and the sound of his pocket watch ticking softly,
Harry lay thinking for a long time.

"There really is nothing else I can do for her, is there?" he asked
himself, recalling his last conversation with Voldemort.

Cassandra was gone and there was no bringing her back.

But... God, how many times would this happen? Girls dying in that
bathroom. Had it happened before Myrtle? Would Cassandra eventually
return as a ghost to haunt the bathroom in Myrtle's place? And what
about the bespeckled ghost? Being already dead, the chances were she was
only paralyzed or stunned or in some sort of stasis. All these things
could be undone, given the right spell or incantation or incense. Would
she eventually be unparalyzed, exorcised and evicted from the castle, or
hidden away like an unwanted painting? Had she been removed from the
school already? Should he risk Snape's attention by asking?

No.

Hell no.

But how could he...?

The faint ticking sound suddenly grew louder in his ears. Of course! He
pulled out his watch, and climbed out of his bed. Several boys were
startled by his sudden appearance but he didn't offer any explanation,
instead retrieving what he wanted from his trunk before scurrying back
into his small sanctuary.

He cast a *lumos* and studied Voldemort's gift. The golden band
glistened in the light, a shade brighter than his golden watch. He had
been meaning to try it out all year, but hadn't found a suitable target
or place to test it on. Slipping the band over his watch, he observed
with rapt attention as it glowed white for a moment and then shrank to
surround the face.

The hands of the watch, which had indicated it was fifteen minutes til
dinner, suddenly moved. The short hand pointed towards Harry, while the
long hand pointed towards three. Harry rotated the watch, and the hands
changed time but always pointed in the same direction. It took him a
moment to realize that the long hand pointed North by default, like a
compass, and the short hand always pointed towards himself.

"Where is Myrtle Tetherwood?" he whispered, half a afraid of the answer.
The long hand twitched, and then slowly rotated counterclockwise until
it reached the number seven. There it stopped. It was pointing further
*into* the castle. Harry grinned.

At least he knew Myrtle was alive...er... not *gone* anyway.

Now all he had to do was get to the library and figure out what was
*wrong* with her.The not knowing was intolerable. It may have be
pointless, but he needed to know what really happened. He needed to know
it would never happen again.

---

Opportunity presented itself that very night, without Harry having to do
a thing.

Clyde had timidly invaded his 'fortress of solitude' when it came time
to go to dinner.

"Hey, mate. You hungry?"

Truthfully, he wasn't, but he no longer felt like being alone. He had an
idea, a project of sorts that he thought his friends might be interested
in helping him with. Now if only he could get them alone long enough to
ask them.

"Come on then, Clyde," came Percy's authoritive voice, "There's going to
be an announcement at dinner, so *everyone* is expected to attend. That
includes you, *Mister* Potter!"

"Yes, your Majesty," Clyde muttered, earning a little smile from Harry.

They met Hermione in the common room, already packed with students
lining up to be escorted to the Great Hall. She gave Harry's still white
and now rumpled robes a disapproving look before muttering a couple of
spells.

"Honestly, Harry, you really need to read the book I gave you for your
birthday. I can't be doing your laundry every day."

He just smirked. Truthfully, he had read half of it already and it *was*
good, but he tended to skip the sections on 'domestic housework'. He'd
lived in his Aunt Petunia's fastidiously clean house for years and it
had sort of turned him off of anything that resembled a chore...
However, there was another book she had wanted him to read that he was
more interested in at the moment.

"Hermione, do you still have 'Hogwarts; A History'?"

Clyde looked horrified. "Bloody hell mate, she just forgot about it this
year and you have to go and *remind* her?!"

She favored him with glare, leaving him cowed, before turning her
intrigued eyes to Harry. "I'm way ahead of you, Harry."

Looking to make sure no one was watching them, she pulled the
aforementioned book (albeit shrunk to the size of a match box) from her
pocket and showed it to him then quickly put it back before anyone else
noticed. Harry gave her a surprised look. She rolled her eyes.

"Oh, come on, you think I wouldn't do a little investigating of my own?
This entire thing is *too* weird."

"Why didn't you tell me?"

Harry couldn't help but wonder if Hermione wasn't still harboring some
resentment for the secrets he kept, and this wasn't a way for her to
find some of her own. He hoped she realized they weren't nearly as much
fun as people made them out to be.

She didn't *look* resentful.

"Well... you seemed pretty out of it for the last couple of days, and
with everyone bothering you about what you saw, I figured you wouldn't
want to deal with it for a while if ever. I mean... it's not like you're
*obligated* to. Might even be better if you didn't, what with everyone
from my godfather on up to the Dark Lord breathing down your neck. But
since you came to me, well... Merlin almighty Harry, there are some
things I've found that I just *have* to show you! It's incredible!"

"Alright, alright! Calm down," Harry insisted, noticing that a few
people were noticing Hermione's excitement. "We'll talk about it
later... privately."

Clyde was looking utterly confused and after a moment a bit angry too.

"Do I get to join this little talk about this thing of which I have no
idea what you're babbling about, or does this 'private' party have a two
person limit?"

Harry smirked. "Come if you want. Just know you'll probably have to
answer to Voldemort if we get caught."

"What?!"

---

"Why'd I have to open my big mouth?"

"What's wrong with you, Clyde?" Ginny asked, passing him a basket of
rolls. The youngest Weasley didn't often sit with the second years,
feeling a bit naive surrounded by veteran students and her newest crush
to boot, but there had been some rather offensive rumor-mongering
amongst her fellow first years and she had decided to sit with Harry to
demonstrate exactly what she thought of that. Honestly, as if Harry
Potter would ever hurt anyone! McNair didn't count, since that was
self-defense in her opinion.

"Ignore him," said Hermione, trading Harry's hot potato for a salad,
much to the boy's consternation. "He's just crying over spilt milk."

Ginny wrinkled her freckled nose.

"Is this about that first year Hufflepuff? Cathy Ratchet or something?
'Cause honestly, Clyde, she's kinda of a nit. Nice, but a nit."

"It's Cathy *Wicket*, and she's not a nit. Just because she actually
acts like a *real* girl, doesn't make her stupid. Jeez, you could use a
few lessons from her!"

"Next time I want to know many times to flutter my eyes or who the most
eligible sixth year is, I'll remember that!"

"Calm down, both of you," Hermione scolded, turning to Harry who was
prodding his salad with his fork. "Aren't you going to say anything?"

"I hate salad."

She rolled her eyes. "Anything useful?"

"I like potatoes... with sour cream... and butter... and cheese..."

"*Harry!*"

"Well... it's useful if you want to give me my potato back."

Hermione rolled her eyes, while the others were now distracted enough
from their argument to actually laugh. She was half way through her
lecture on the importance of a good diet, *especially* for a boy as
physically active as Harry with his Quidditch and Dueling Club
activities, when Lestrange drew the student's attention by tapping her
glass. The resulting chime spread rang like a great bell through the
hall, silencing all conversation.

"Good Evening, students," she began, looking the most relaxed she had
since the term had started, "I have some good news. After a thorough
investigation, the culprit of last Wednesday's heinous crime has been
discovered."

Excited murmurs erupted from every table. Harry and his friends shared
cautious looks of suspicion and hope. Lestrange tapped her glass again
to draw back their attention, completely unperturbed by their
interruption.

"As I was saying, it turns out that this unfortunate incident was not in
fact an act of murder by a wizard as so many have come to believe, but
the result of an animal attack."

More murmurs, this time rather disbelieving. Who had ever heard of a
student being attacked by an animal in Hogwarts? (Outside of Care of
Magical Creatures and occasionally DA&D, of course).

"Now, now children, I think it is important that you remember that the
school is built beside a very dangerous forest with some of the greatest
populations of magical creatures in Britain," the Headmistress chided,
"Upon examining Miss Sweety, it was found that she had been bitten by an
acrumantula, a very aggressive and very *venomous*breed of spider. A
nest was found in some of the vents and destroyed, and additional wards
have been set up to destroy any spiders that may have escaped. Hogwarts
is once again safe."

A great cheer rose up through the students, and even the Hufflepuffs
looked happy or at the very least satisfied. Harry, however, wasn't.
Lestrange was lying and he knew it. There was no way a spider, however
venomous, could have harmed Myrtle. Hermione nudged him with her elbow.

"Clap, Harry," she said, smiling stiffly and applauding with everyone
else. "We know she's full of it, but we don't need to let her know we're
aware of that."

Reluctantly, Harry joined the others cheer, although if anyone had seen
his 'smile' they would say it looked more like he'd swallowed something
sour. Discreetly, he searched the Hall for anyone who doubted the
Headmistress's words as much as he did. Snape was sitting quietly,
neither smiling or applauding, but staring out at the students
contemptuously. He moved his gaze along before the man spotted him,
found McGonagal looking as reluctantly cheerful as he felt, and McNair
grinning a bit too much, likely amused at what he knew was a lie. He
found the Slytherin's table next. Draco was applauding politely with the
others, although his expression was neutral. There was no telling if the
Malfoy heir believed his aunt's words or not. Natalie just looked bored,
seemingly regretful that all the excitement was coming to an end. Ron...
looked constipated... moving on...

Tom.

The fifth year boy was neither smiling nor applauding, but regarding the
Headmistress with a thinly hidden veneer of disgust. Harry felt his
smile become a bit more real as he realized there was at least one other
who questioned what they were being told. He turned back to his own
table looking for the Weasley twins. Fred and George were taking the
excitement as an opportunity to slip something into Percy's pockets,
while the other was distracted. Harry shook his head. He'd just have to
ask them point blank later.

"Yes, yes," Lestrange said, preening under the applause as if it were
meant for her, "This is all wonderful news, but lets settle down. I have
a few more announcements."

Everyone took their seats and stopped clapping, but there was still a
dull roar of pleased murmurs. The Headmistress continued.

"Since the school has once again been secured, I am allowing the
continuation of extra curricular activities, unsupervised movements
between and after classes, and the resumption of Hogsmead Weekends. The
Gryffindor/Hufflepuff Quidditch match will be held next Saturday, and
the Ravenclaw/Slyterin match will be bumped to Sunday. All other matches
will resume as scheduled."

Another resounding cheer rose through the Hall, leading to such a racket
that Lestrange could say nothing more and resigned herself to her seat.
She sparred Snape a smug look, but the potion's master looked less than
impressed with the mess of rampant students she'd left in the wake of
her announcements.

Harry, Hermione, and Clyde took the flurry of activity to gather up a
bit of dinner and leave the Great Hall for their common room. There were
half way there when Ginny caught up to them.

"What's going on? Why did you guys leave?"

The three shared anxious looks.

"Ah... the library," Clyde stammered.

"What?"

"Oh! Yes, we're heading to the library," Hermione picked up, "We haven't
been able to visit since Friday and it was so crowded we didn't get
anything done! We want to get started on the essays we didn't finish
before everyone else gets done with dinner."

Ginny's expression was clearly doubtful. She looked shyly to Harry.

"Sweetey wasn't killed by a spider, so we're going to try and figure out
what did," he said bluntly.

"Harry!" his friends protested in unison. He glowered back at them.

"If there's something killing students wandering the halls of Hogwarts I
think she has the right to know."

There wasn't anything they could say in protest to that. Ginny looked
curious.

"O-oh... I wondered... C-can I help?"

"Can you keep it a secret?"

"Harry!"

"Secret? Why I don't know... I've never had any secrets before," the
younger girl said, laughing nervously as if she'd made a bad joke and
knew it. Harry grinned.

"Okay, then."

"*Harry!*"

"The more who know the truth, the better," was his only response. "It
makes it that much harder to kill."

Hermione's expression stated clearly that she didn't agree.

---

Snape left dinner early to take refuge in the dungeons. Dinner was
always a circus with that many children crammed that closely together in
the presence of food, but tonight it was particularly rowdy. He
understood their exuberance, but must they all act like screeching
monkeys with bananas? At least his Slytherins had kept relatively well
behaved, speaking just loud enough so that they could hear each other
over the din from the other tables.

Many of his snakes hadn't seemed inclined to talk at all. Draco, he
knew, was suspicious. Smart lad, his godson. So was his new student
Thomas Rook. Also a smart lad... unnervingly so. Rook had integrated
himself into Slytherin hierarchy in record time, charming and
manipulating his classmates and teachers with the ease of an experienced
politician, and his ambitions for more were apparent. At least to Snape.

He had seen the boy observing Harry Potter during meal times on several
occasions and Draco had mentioned Rook's curiosity regarding the Dark
Lord's 'favorite student'. His godson's words had suggested the interest
was more carnal than political, but the young Malfoy was young enough to
confuse the two... many adults still did. It was possible the interest
was both. In any case, Snape felt the boy worth watching.

Someone had to protect Potter, after all, and Lestrange clearly wasn't
going to cut it. She wasn't even going to make an *attempt* to protect
the rest of the students. Her removal of the staff's safeguards and the
state of complacency she had now lulled the little nitwits into was
beyond reckless in his opinion. It was unforgivable.

The situation was strange enough to Snape to warrant a repeat incident,
a further teasing. It didn't matter if their Lord hadn't been able to
find the basilisk. If fact, that was even more worrisome. Lestrange
seemed convinced the culprit who had unleashed the snake had destroyed
it afterwards. Voldemort hadn't done anything to dissuade her of this
theory, but to Snape it was obvious that who ever had done it wasn't
targeting Sweety or Myrtle. They were either an accident or the
beginning of a very disturbing trend.

Voldemort had already left the castle to return to Bristol, leaving
Lestrange with the acrumantula story and Snape with explicit
instructions to remain alert and protect Potter, suspecting that the boy
might some how be a target. Snape was less convinced, but the little
Gryffindork had disappeared immediately after Lestrange's announcement
with his goddaughter and some friends, and he couldn't help but wonder
if they weren't up to something.

Perhaps Potter had simply wanted to warn them. Officially, Snape would
have to object to the uncovering of one of the Dark Lord's many lies,
but at the same time he was pleased Potter was opting to protect
Hermione, and Draco by proxy. He was fond of those three...two, he meant
two!

Just as likely, Potter was letting his curiosity get the best of him,
thus risking Hermione, and Draco by proxy. Then he'd have to roast the
little fool on a spit and feed him to the basilisk... or Rook.

He was going to have to find out soon if he wanted to keep all of them
out of trouble.

Mentally, Snape sighed. When and how had he ended up playing father for
Hogwart's most troublesome?

---

Just a reminder:

DA&D stands for 'Dark Arts & Defense'. It's like DADA, accept it
includes actual Dark Arts in the curriculum, not just how to defend
against it.