# Forward to Battle

"You seem different, Harry," Natalie said, boldly eyeing the boy sitting
across the cramped compartment from head to toe.

The subject of her inspection was dressed in his usual attire (although
someone had lengthened the hem of his pants and his white dress shirt was
still stiff in its newness), his skin back to its normal tone before his
sickness, and hair still defiantly mused. By all accounts he appeared exactly
as he had before his hospitalization, and yet there was something *more* about
his presence that she just couldn't put her finger on.

"Bollocks," Clyde said, oblivious as usual. "The country air just did him some
good."

Hermione, for once, was in agreement with Natalie.

"It's true. You seem... I don't know. More confident? No, that's not right..."

Draco snorted, knowing or least believing he knew, what was about the other
boy.

"You look like you know something we don't know, and you're laughing at us."

Harry shook his head, though Draco was partially right. He knew something they
didn't know, and while he wasn't really laughing at them, he felt a thrill at
being party to something they would never understand. It was not the same as
his usual secrets, which weighed him down and tighten his insides, but
uplifting and liberating. *Empowering*.

He knew where magic came from. He *knew*, not just was told and expected to
accept. The 'awareness' had dwindled after the ritual, slowly siphoning off
back into the Earth, and then just disappearing altogether with the arrival of
the New Year. Yet still the knowledge remained. The days that followed were
restless, his mind now completely free to ponder exactly what had happened and
what it might mean. His interactions with the Dark Lord were now forever
overshadowed by that single intimate moment in the labyrinth. Now every thing
said or done by the man seemed to hold an extra dimension, a religious
perspective that Harry didn't completely understand. He'd danced around
Voldemort for the rest of the holiday, wanting to be closer to study him and
yet distanced so as not to be overwhelmed by him simultaneously.

Voldemort had his own ideas. He dragged Harry off to more press conferences
and charity banquets and private dinners, always making those present aware of
his protégé and yet not allowing them too close. Harry was forced to remain
near the man, finding himself drawn into every word and innuendo, wondering at
the calculations and the underlining meanings and never certain he had guessed
right.

Then in private, the few times opportunity allowed, Voldemort would tell him a
story. Never the same story and never about the same thing, though each had a
lesson in them.

Even if he didn't always know what they were.

"Do you see that building across the street, Harry? That used to be a muggle
courthouse, once upon a time. They burned 'witches' and 'heretics' there five
hundred years ago. Now it's a church for wizarding kind. Isn't that strange?
They pay homage to the God of muggles, the very ones who preach their
inescapable damnation."

Or once at a business meeting with a Director of Foreign Affairs over a
recently failed attempt to negotiate some trade agreement with Italy.

"It used to be we could not keep the Romans at bay and now they avoid us as if
plagued. A pity, as they have some very lovely libraries and museums. Perhaps
it's just as well though. Despite their linguistic contribution to wand magic,
they've little talent for the Earth-based magics. Not surprising when their
worship has always been directed at the Heavens rather than the Earth, even
when they were considered pagans."

There was pride in his words, wounded and inflated pride each in their own
measure, but always there nonetheless. It left Harry's head swimming with
images of ancient glories and atrocities, making the world larger with
possibilities and yet more personal, as if each act and consequence was now
being directed at him or someone very close to him.

So if he seemed different to them, he wasn't surprised. He *felt* different.
Bigger and smaller, depending on the new view points he'd found during his
brief jaunt through 'Voldemort Land'.

He smiled at his friends.

"It's been an interesting holiday. It will be good to return to Hogwarts
though. Anymore time stuck running between the middle of nowhere and the
middle of everything was starting to suck me dry. How do you all stand it?"

Draco chuckled, leaning back in his seat with all the poise of a model. This
was apparently a topic of which he was confident in his own expertise

"It's a gift, dear boy. Don't feel bad. Some people have it and some people
don't."

Hermione chucked a chocolate frog she'd been eating at him. The headless frog
stuck to his forehead for a second and then leapt into his hair, which sent
the boy into an unhappy fit to get it out. The rest of the company burst into
laughter. Draco finally caught the bit of charmed chocolate and tossed it at
Harry, but the boy wasn't youngest Hogwarts Seeker in a century for nothing
and caught it. And promptly threw it at Natalie who squealed when it got lost
in her robes. With everyone distracted by Natalie dancing about to shake it
loose, Clyde took the opportunity to open two more chocolate frog packages and
stuff one down Harry's shirt and other to Hermione's back.

The Chocolate Frog War lasted for nearly ten minutes, until everyone was
exhausted from battle and laughing so hard that they could only collapse in
their seats. Finally, between fits of giggles, they cleaned up their candy
casualties and chocolate smeared selves with a few quick cleaning and
banishment charms. And not a moment too soon, for someone opened their
compartment to peak inside.

"Are you all alright? I can't tell if your laughing or being tortured, or
laughing as you tortured someone," a seventh year Ravenclaw boy, looking
perfectly serious despite his playful words.

"Oh, McGunny," Hermione said, recognizing him immediately, "Guys, this is the
chief editor for the Hogwarts' Herald. Horace McGunny, these are my friends
and brother. Natalie Cypher, Clyde Houghton, Harry Potter, and Draco Malfoy."

"Good to meet you," Horace replied disinterestedly, although his gaze might
have lingered on Harry for a moment, "I'm afraid I need to borrow you for a
bit, Granger. We're gathering interviews on what students did on their holiday
break. Do you think you could get some from the first years?"

Hermione perked. This would be her first assignment as a reporter rather than
a glorified office assistant. She looked towards her friends.

"Go on then," Draco drawled. "It's harder to steal your Christmas candy when
you're hovering."

"I'll take good care of Harry while you're gone," Natalie teased, cuddling up
to said boy. Harry, now pink around the ears, nodded his approval. At
Hermione, not Natalie.

"Put my Christmas gift to good use, yeah?"

She beamed at them, gathering a notepad and her new quick-quotes quill from
her carry-on bag and hurrying off. Clyde chuckled after she was gone.

"Hasn't even got out of school yet and she's already on the fast track to
becoming a professional story finder. Watch out Harry, she might give even
*you* a run for your money."

Natalie and Draco rolled their eyes.

"Nonsense. Harry's not a story finder," Draco pointed out. Natalie nodded in
agreement.

"Harry's a story *maker*. They'll be natural enemies before long."

Harry frowned, shaking his head.

"We're best mates. I'd do anything for her."

The two Slytherins shared shrewd expressions.

"*Anything* is a big word. I wouldn't ever use it in a promise, if I were
you," Natalie said evenly. Harry met her skepticism with a confident smirk. He
said what he meant and he meant what he said. Hermione and he would always be
friends, no matter what forces tried to tear them apart.

It was an oath to himself, as much as it was her.

---

While Harry and his friends enjoyed their time together, Tom smiled and
laughed and plotted the painful demise of the sycophants who had latched onto
him since he'd boarded the train. He had nothing against blind adoration
directed at his person, but his current batch of followers had developed a
rather unflattering sense of *entitlement*. More specifically, they felt
entitled to touch him (a friendly pat on the shoulder, a little poke to get
his attention, and *ugh* hugging), and knowing about his past and future
plans.

"Delphia, I assure you, I didn't do *anything* interesting this holiday. My
parents were away on business. I spent Christmas with the *house elves,*" he
said smoothly, shrugging off her hand from his shoulder.

Across from him, a sixth year boy leered stupidly at them.

"Oh, come on, Thomas, you're saying you didn't have a holiday fling? If your
parents were gone like you say, surely you took the opportunity to have a
little fun."

"Don't be crude, Jorgenson," Tom dismissed gently. In truth, he *had*
entertained a few witches and one very charming vampire over the holiday, but
he wasn't about to share the specifics with *these* imbeciles.

Brian Jorgenson was parasite through and through, siphoning off his older
brother's popularity as Head Boy and his own fiancee, Evelyn Hughes, who was
the second most popular sixth year girl in Slytherin. Evelyn was pretty, but a
ninny in comparison to most of her House, and too easily manipulated by the
boy. Even now she simpered stupidly with Jorgenson's arm around her shoulders
as he ogled her 'best friend', Delphia Bellfeldt practically shoving her
breasts into Tom's arm. Belladonna and Aminitas Greystone, fraternal twins,
were absorbed in painting each other's toenails black and basking in their own
narcissism.

They all had their uses, but at the moment Tom was having difficulty
remembering what they were. His thoughts kept drifting to Hogwarts, his plans,
and the one person in all the world he truly wished to see. Soon, everything
was going to come together.

He'd made certain of that.

---

From the baggage cart of the Hogwarts' Express, the sound of faintly shifting
luggage was drowned out by the monotonous clamor of the great engine. A ragged
looking rodent squeezed itself out from the trunk of one 'Thomas M. Rook'
through a small hole it had chewed in the corner, sniffed curiously at the
air, and turned into a man.

"I'm too old for this," Pettigrew muttered, straightening out the clothes he
hadn't felt for nearly two weeks. He felt his face to make sure he hadn't
forgotten his whiskers or teeth in the transformation. After re-familiarizing
himself with his human body, he closed his eyes to concentrate.

*Bristol. The secret entryway.*

And with a loud 'pop', he was gone.

---

It was just before sunset when the students filed into Hogwarts in well-
ordered chaos. The weather had been cloudless and sunny, but colder than they
were used to with a sharp, incessant wind. Everyone was glad to reach shelter
and file into the Great Hall for hot chocolate and ciders and seasonal teas.
The castle had already been stripped of its yuletide decorations, and everyone
felt a bit melancholy at the official end of the holidays.

Everyone, it seemed, except for Hermione who was still blissfully ambushing
random first years. Now, however, she was being accompanied by one Collin
Creevey, flashing his camera every so often when a student exhibited a
particularly interesting gift or an emotional reunion with their circle of
friends. The break had done much to restore Hogwarts' comradery, and many who
hadn't even been on speaking terms during the 'Curse Epidemic' were now
chatting excitedly with each other and comparing stories and presents and New
Year's resolutions.

Harry found himself the center of attention of a group of girls who had seen
his picture in the newspaper a couple times over the break and were eagerly
questioning him. A school reporter was amongst them, and he found himself
being bullied into an interview. It wasn't as bad as he thought it would be,
mostly because she tended to have a story already in mind when asking her
questions so he didn't have to make one up on the spot. The fact that her
story was a little too sugar coated and inaccurate was not really of concern
to him. It certainly beat trying to convince Hermione of what happened.

At some point, the Weasley twins abducted his interviewer and began regaling
her with tales she hadn't asked for of their negotiations with Santa to return
the coal they'd received for a new goat (they were very specific about the
*type* of goat they wanted right down to its curly third horn) and their
experiments with eggnog and their foster mother.

Ron made a brief appearance during a conversation between Harry and Ginny, but
aside from a obnoxious little smirk, hadn't bothered him. The Gryffindor
Seeker was still busy pondering the change in behavior, when Headmistress
Lestrange burst into the hall and went immediately to her podium.

"Attention students," she began, her voice cutting through conversation like a
machete. "There has been a small accident with one of the first years. He
isn't hurt badly, but I will require you to return to your dormitories for the
evening. Prefects if you would please take charge of your classmates and
escort them back to the commons?"

She immediately left the podium and disappeared through a side door, leaving
the students confused and without answers to a great many questions. Yet
within moments the Prefects and several teachers who had appeared out of
nowhere managed to herd everyone into their own House assigned groups.

Harry had just shuffled into the Gryffindor Common Room when he realized that
Hermione and Collin weren't with them.

---

"I'm sorry, Harry, but there isn't anything I can do," Percy said sternly.
"McGonagall has already sealed the entry way. I can tell her that Hermione and
Collin are missing when she gets back, but I don't know when that will be."

The Common Room was crowded and noisy, everyone equally ignorant of what was
happening and some how believing discussion would work in the place of actual
facts. Many of them were watching the exchange of Gryffindor's Black Cat with
one of the prefects in increasing interest.

"That's not good enough! They only mentioned a boy, who is probably Collin,
but they didn't say anything about a girl. What if they don't even know
Hermione is out there? What if something happened to her?!" Harry shouted,
frustrated that Percy didn't seem to understand the severity of the situation.
But then, perhaps he didn't. Who other than Harry and the professors knew
about the monster roaming the halls?

"Harry, calm down and be reasonable. Hermione's a clever girl, and the
professors are perfectly competent. I'm sure they've found her by now if she
was ever missing. Did you ever stop to think she was the one who reported
Collin's accident?"

The condescension in the prefect's voice threw the already frustrated Harry
over the edge.

"YOU'RE A BLOODY STUPID TWAT, PERCY!"

He stalked away, parting the crowds like Moses at the Red Sea and leaving the
Weasley prefect stuttering in his indignation. No doubt he'd just earned a
detention, but that was the least of Harry's worries. He rushed to the second
year dorms and went straight to his trunk, hoping to find something that would
help him.

Text books, personal books, his sketching journal, the secret box he still
hadn't been able to open, the large sketch pad Natalie had given him, art
supplies, school supplies, Hermione's magic bell, his Baluvian cloak, Sirius'
necklace wrapped in unmagicked leather, a deck of magic cards, candy, his
school clothes, Quidditch and Dueling magazines, a couple bottles of healing
salve he'd made in Potions, and absolutely nothing that was going to help him
get out of the dorm. The only exit he knew of was through the Portrait of the
Fat Lady, and unless he could transfigure something into a flying broom and
jump out a window, he didn't see any means of escape.

"Harry!"

The frustrated Gryffindor looked up to see Clyde and the twins rushing in, a
rather devilish look sending the few other Gryffindors there scurrying for the
exit. Fred (George?) cast a Silencing Charm on the door.

"What?" he snapped, suspecting an abysmal attempt to cheer him up when what he
really needed was to find Hermione.

"Happy New Year to you too, mate," Clyde groused, but was ignored as the twins
sat themselves on either side of their idol.

"Got something for you, Lord Chaos. We think you'll find it useful," George
(Fred?) said, handing him a piece of parchment. Harry accepted it curiously,
opened it, but found it was completely blank. He scowled.

"Now isn't the time to be playing jokes. Hermione could be in serious danger,
you know?!" he snapped, getting up to stalk off again, but they both grabbed
him by his arms and dragged him back down.

"So impatient today! We know this is serious!" Clyde said, then pointed his
wand at the parchment over Harry's shoulder. "I solemnly swear that I am up to
no good!"

Before Harry could question the odd phrase, the parchment before him suddenly
wasn't so blank anymore. Lines began to form walls, which in turn formed
hallways, towers, staircases, rooms, and... secret passages. And right there,
was tiny little trap door leading out of Gryffindor tower.

"Is that?"

"Yep," Fred said smugly. "I haven't been through that one personally. It's in
the First Year Girl's dormitory. We'll set off the alarms, but at this point I
don't think that's going to matter much."

"We?"

"You don't expect us to let you wander the halls alone with a big scary
monster scuttling about, do you?"

"You could get suspended for this."

The twins shared an amused look, one their foster nephew didn't appreciate.

"She's my friend too, Harry," Clyde said, seeming to steel himself for
something painful. Harry gave him an assessing stare, but remembered time was
not on their side. He pulled the magic bell and the Baluvian cloak from his
trunk, and then headed towards the stairs.

"What are all these dots?"

"People, their labeled, see? Collin's in the hospital wing, but we couldn't
find Hermione. She's either outside the castle, in a room or corridor that
hasn't been mapped, or... well"

A nauseous quiver ran through him, but he forced his mind on what needed to be
done and what he could do to achieve that.

"Clyde, I want you to stay here," Harry said, "Seal the trap door after we
leave. We'll knock twice, wait a moment and then knock three times when we
want you to let us back in. That's the password."

"No way, Harry, I'm coming too!"

Harry shook his head. "I need you to stay here in case a teacher or Hermione
comes back. Percy and the other prefects are clueless. You're one of the few
with half a clue about what's going on in Hogwarts."

"What about Fred or George?!"

"No one will take what they say seriously."

"Hey!" the twins objected in unison, then shared a 'well, he has a point'
look.

"Listen, we don't have time for this. Just trust me, ok?"

Whether Clyde agreed or not wasn't an issue as all four marched straight into
the First Year girl's dormitory. Instantly, an atrocious wailing sounded,
followed shortly by the startled shrieks of several girls.

"What the bloody hell are you doing?!" screamed one girl over the siren. Ginny
was there too, stunned as the rest of them, but quickest to recover.

"What's going on, Harry?" she shouted, whispering impossible over the wailing.

"I'm going to find Hermione!" he yelled back, tearing away a large rug from
the floor to reveal nothing but blank floor. The twins shouted out a Revealing
Charm, and grooves appeared in the floor, along with a hole just big enough to
reach a few fingers into. Clyde pulled it open, and Harry and twins
disappeared inside before anyone could stop them.

---

The trapdoor released them into a large storage closet, and after a few
awkward moments of shoving around cleaning supplies with only the light of
their glowing wands, they exited into a corridor. The twins took a moment to
murmur a simultaneous 'wicked!' when Harry's cloak turned from pitch black to
the dim gray of the surrounding stones, before quickly following the running
Gryffindor towards the Great Hall.

"Where are we going?" Fred (George?) asked.

"The map says Snape is a few corridors over. I just have to tell him about
Hermione. He'll know where to look."

The same place Harry knew to look, but wouldn't risk going alone nor could he
take Fred or George. The Contract was still in effect, and if he tried to take
them down to the secret chamber, who knew what would happen? Would he become
perpetually lost? Fall into a coma? He didn't know and didn't want to find
out.

"Just don't show him the map, ok? We'd kind of like to keep it out of the
hands of authority, ya know?"

"That's fine. It wouldn't help him find Hermione, anyway... Here, you guys
take it. There's no point for all of us to get into trouble for sneaking
around. Hide somewhere and keep watch. If you spot... something strange on the
map, come and find us again. But whatever you do, don't go playing hero. I
know what it is... and it's not something you'd ever want to find you."

The twins shared a significant look, but merely nodded and gave him a quick
salute and went off to hide. Harry took a deep breath and went to find Snape.
It didn't take long to find him. They practically ran into each other turning
a corner, a quick duck was the only thing that saved Harry from a very nasty
hex.

"POTTER! WHAT THE BLOODY HELL ARE YOU DOING OUT HERE?!"

Snape snatched up the boy his arm, giving him a harsh shake. Harry cringed,
terrified to find that the potion's master in a rage was worse than even his
silent malice.

"Ouch! Stop, I-"

"I swear to God Potter if you've dragged my goddaughter or any of your little
friends into the halls with you... Is anyone else out here?!"

The young Gryffindor flinched at another harsh shake.

"No! But I have to-"

"No, Mr. Potter, you don't have to anything but shut up and come with me.
You're going to get such a beating after this is over-"

"HERMIONE'S MISSING!"

The Snape drew back, dropping Harry's arm in alarm.

"What?"

"She didn't get back to the dormitory with the rest of us. By the time we
realized she wasn't there, McGonagall had already sealed the entryway and
left. She was *with* Collin Creevey before his 'accident'!"

Pallid already, Snape's minimal color drained to an almost luminescent white.
He grabbed Harry's arm again.

"We're going to the Headmistress' office."

The quick stride Snape adopted gradually increased until they were both
actually running, Harry was barely able to keep up with the man, until they
reached the gargoyle guarding their destination.

"*Salamander*," Snape barked, and the rotating staircase opened to greet them.
The potion's master turned to Harry. "Stay here. You will be safe as long as
you remain in this corridor. If you so much as *twitch* from this spot, I will
make you *intimately* acquainted with the many and varied torture devices that
qualify the bowels of this castle as a dungeon and not just an oversized
basement."

Snape disappeared up the staircase, which closed after him. The stairs hadn't
even stopped rotating close before Harry was sprinting up them. He pulled the
Unsilencing from his robes and pressed the mouth of it to the sealed entryway
and his ear to the other end. He could hear voices easily and clearly, as if
he were right in the room.

It certainly didn't hurt that Snape and the Headmistress appeared to be
yelling at each other already.

---

"NO! Absolutely not," Lestrange hissed, pacing in front of a series of maps
depicting Hogwarts and the wards that had been set. The girl's lavatory in the
dungeon was glowing red, signaling the activation of the sealing ward at the
entrance to the Chamber of Secrets, and on another map a section of the
Forbidden Forest was similarly alight.

"We know it's already trapped, and I'm not going to risk letting it out
because *you* have a grudge to settle. It's stupid. We will wait for the Dark
Lord like we agreed *before* the little tart went and got herself killed."

Snape grit his teeth.

"We do not know she is dead *yet*. Besides, the wards are meaningless now.
They've obviously been tampered with. There was no way for the basilisk to
have gotten Creevey in that particular hallway without setting off the traps.
Not to mention the wards indicated that the basilisk *entered* the Chamber
through the girl's lavatory, not left it and then re-entered it. Someone let
it in through either the *front* entryway or one of the windows, both of which
should have been sealed through the holidays and thus been impossible. If we
do not kill it *now* it is going to escape again!"

"Don't be a fool, Severus. Obviously, it just hid itself somewhere in the
school that we overlooked and came out. This is about Granger. Your
goddaughter is dead. You failed her. Deal with it."

He snarled out something savage and perhaps even obscene by the Headmistress'
sudden flush, and then stormed out of the office. Lestrange smirked as he
disappeared from view, positively smug with how things were turning out.
Admittedly, their Lord wouldn't be pleased with the loss of another student,
but she was only a mudblood and the capture of the basilisk was ultimately
more important. Frazzling Snape was just icing on the cake. No doubt the Dark
Lord would be disgusted with Snape's current frame of mind and his reckless
idea to re-open the Chamber. Perhaps she'd even get to see him 'crucio-ed'.

Her smirk dropped quickly, when Snape suddenly reappeared.

"Harry's gone."

---

Harry ran as fast as he could through the halls, the hood of his cloak pulled
over his head, his only gesture towards stealth. It may have already been too
late. Hermione was probably gone, dead and eaten by that monster, but he
didn't *know*. He had to know, and if his fears were true than he would make
it *pay*. Fear and anger swam in his veins like shark, all power and teeth and
base predatory instinct.

He knew he didn't have long before Snape or Lestrange managed to catch up with
him, but descending into the bowels of the castle he passed the girl's
lavatory for an important side trip to the potion's lab. The door wasn't
locked, and Harry went straight for the supply cabinet, which was ... but only
long enough for Harry's desperation blasted the entire door from its hinges.
He was in and out within five seconds, a bezoar clutched firmly in his hand.
He didn't know if it would do any good against a basilisk bite, but if
Hermione was still alive it may save her life. It might even save his.

He sprinted for the door.

And ran straight into the person he was least expecting. Tom caught him by his
shoulders just before Harry smashed into him, saving and capturing him in a
single move. The Slytherin's green eyes narrowed in anger.

"What are you *doing* here, Harry?" he hissed. "You're suppose to be in your
Commons Room."

A strange sense of deja vu passed over Harry, but he shoved it away just as he
shoved Tom away.

"I'm sorry, but I don't have time for this! I have to go!"

Tom caught Harry by the wrist as he tried flee again, and dragged him further
down the hall.

"Absolutely not! It's dangerous out here. I'm taking you to the Slytherin's
Commons Room."

"NO! Let go!"

Harry tried to bolt towards the lavatory but Tom's grip tightened painfully,
causing him cry out in pain. The older boy jerked him forward, furthering the
distance between him and his destination. When Harry tried to get passed him
yet again, Tom drew his wand.

"*Stupefy*!"

Harry flinched, expecting the affects of the spell to overpower him instantly.
Instead, he felt Tom's grip on his wrist loosen and the Slytherin fell to the
floor. Stunned, or rather *not *stunned, Harry blinked down at him stupidly.

"Harry!"

He looked up to see the twins racing towards him, winded and nearly out of
breath.

"How did you find-"

Fred (George?) held up the map and grinned, between wheezes.

"Something cooky seemed to be going on, so we followed you! Hurry up, Snape
will be here any second!"

Harry didn't need to be told twice.

"Stay here and protect Tom!" he shouted when they started to follow. They
looked ready to object, but when Harry flipped up his hood again, following
him was no longer an option.

He had disappeared.

They turned to each other, sighed, and then turned to the boy they had
stunned.

"What do you suppose he's doing out here?" Fred asked, crossing his arms.

"Nothing good, I'll wager," George agreed, mimicking the gesture.

"Come on, we'll 'protect' him in the potion's lab. Don't fancy Snape popping
up while we're standing here."

---

Lestrange and Snape entered the lavatory, both dismayed to find the secret
entrance was wide open. The headmistress let out a hiss of frustration,
cursing the stupid Gryffindor and his suicidal notion's of bravery. Snape
saved his already limited breath and went straight for the entrance.

"What are you doing, Severus?"

"Isn't obvious? I'm going to get Potter and kill that bloody overgrown lizard
while I still can. Unless you want to wait till the Dark Lord arrives and
kills us *both* for your incompetence. Now go back to your office and
deactivate the wards. If Potter or I am injured, we will need to *leave*
quickly."

"I don't-"

But Snape had already disappeared, leaving the Headmistress with no options
but to do as he had instructed or face the Dark Lord's wrath alone.

---

The tunnels leading to the chamber were cool, eerie, and the great abundance
of water originating from the lake was icey cold. Every drop of water, every
gentle tap of a falling footstep, and ones own breathing echoed into the
darkness for what seemed like miles, so that what may have been falling rock
from behind sounded as if it could of come from anywhere, even right behind
you. Even as a renown Dark Wizard with a reputation for stoicism in the worst
of conditions, Snape would freely admit that he did not like this place.

Luckily, he caught up to Harry fairly quickly. He had the benefit of exploring
the Chamber once before while searching for the Basilisk with the Dark Lord,
as opposed to Harry who was wandering seemingly blind. Or at least, Snape had
assumed blind. However, when the light from his wand finally fell upon Harry's
shadowy form, the reflection off the boy's glasses were a strange orange
color.

The boy had cast a Thermal Imaging Charm on his glasses, allowing him to see
in terms of heat rather than light, just as a snake would. More importantly,
that sort of sight would render the basilisk's deadly gaze utterly useless.

Oh, that was clever.

He'd applaud the boy, but he was going to kill him first, so that seemed a
rather superfluous gesture.

He was about to snarl out something, but the boy put his finger to his mouth
and then pointed towards his ear. Snape's words caught in his throat. The boy
was a parselmouth and would be hearing things the potion's master had no privy
to, things inaudible to any human ear save two... possibly three?

Harry tilted his head, turned it partially, like a rodent of some kind trying
listen for a predator. Then he spun full around towards the direction they'd
been going, and then back again, sprinting towards Snape.

"It knows we're here," Harry whispered, but it echoed loudly in the tunnels.

"*Frigorio!*" Snape hissed, flourishing his wand, and then followed after
Harry's retreating form. "We can't go back the way we came. I don't know if
the wards have been completely removed or only partially, but we can't risk
being trapped. The tunnels around here all circle back to the main chamber.
Just follow the flow of-"

*WHOOMPH!*

The fire trap Snape had set activated, setting off an explosion that rocked
the ground above and beneath them, sending fragments of rocks raining down
dangerously. He heard Harry cast a shield charm and prepared to do the same,
but the tunnel ahead of him collapsed altogether, knocking him in to ankle
deep water.

"Harry!"

A wall of rubble now laid before him, blocking his movement forward just as
the explosion no doubt blocked his movement backwards. He could easily blast
it away, but that could cause even more tunnel collapse, perhaps burying
himself just as he may have inadvertently buried Harry.

"Harry?"

The was a tense moment of silence, and then a weak, but welcome cough.

"I'm still here. Are you ok?" came a muffled reply. The boy was on the other
side of the wall, apparently unharmed enough to be concerned for his reviled
potion's master's well-being.

"I'll live. Stay where you are, do you hear me Potter?"

"Um..." there was a rather telling hesitation. "Yes, but..."

"Potter, don't you dare even *think* about-"

"Gotta find Hermione. Be right back!"

"Potter! Potter?! GET BACK HERE YOU LITTLE... heart attack waiting to
happen..."he trailed off as the footsteps faded.

Snape sighed in frustration, unable to do anything. He tried something he
hadn't tried in long time. He thought positively.

Well, really, what was the harm now? Chances are that explosion had blown the
basilisk to tiny little bits, or even better the handler. And Harry was a
parselmouth, certainly he could handle a snake. A giant man-eating snake with
venom so deadly it could eat through your skin like hyrdolic acid, but a snake
nonetheless.

It was Potter. He'd figure something out.

Hopefully...

Optimism was for idiots, he decided.

---

Harry ran as quickly as he could, which was considerably less quickly than
he'd been going earlier when he's *started* running around like a lunatic. His
body was sweaty and chilled at the same time, his fur cloak only making things
worse. Snape's arrival had been expected, and once he was inside the tunnels,
rather welcome as well. The possible death of the basilisk was well worth the
trouble he had just landed himself in... he hoped anyway.

A sudden gust of wind from up ahead gave him pause. He pulled out his pocket
watch, which until he had entered the secret passage had been utterly useless
in locating his friend.

"Hermione," he whispered, casting a Lumos and pulling down his glasses to read
the blurry outline of the watches' hand pointing ahead of him. The watch
wouldn't have worked if Hermione were dead. A thrill of hope ran through him,
and with renewed energy he sprang forward. The tunnel opened up into a larger
tunnel, which in turn ran straight into enormous chamber.

Harry's eyes widened as he let his glasses slip to the tip of his nose, taking
in the strangely beautiful juxtapose of natural cavern and master masonry. A
wide walkway was banked by pools of inky water and enormous statues of
serpents. Ahead of him was the carved face of a bearded man in Assyerian style
or was that really what Salazar Slytherin had looked like in his later years?

He slipped back on his glasses, and his gaze was immediately drawn to the blob
of bright yellow and pink. Scanning his surroundings briefly, he hurried over
to the base of the stone face and found Hermione laying in a shallow pool of
water.

"Hermione!"

His hands felt the gentle throb at her throat and the faint puff of warmth
from her mouth, feeling the presence of her life even though her blue tinted
skin implied the chill of death. A half laugh of relief, and he pulled her lax
body to a dryer spot, cast a warming spell, and wrapped his cloak around her.
He prodded her gently, trying to waken her but she remained utterly
unresponsive but for the faint shivers running through her. A spell or the
onset of hypothermia? Either way, he needed to get her to the infirmary fast.

And then there was a sound. A familiar, irritating sound, that in this dark
place filled him a horrifying dread.

"*Hem, hem.*"
