# Potions and Plagues

Waking up in the infirmary was not an uncommon experience for Harry.
Waking up in the infirmary feeling worse than he had before going there
was. The discomfort of a fever had woken him, several times in fact,
until late the next morning when he finally had the energy to stay awake
long enough to wonder at his situation.

He could remember his fight with Ron, the return of 'the voice', and the
subsequent escape into the halls. After that, things became a bit vague.
Snape had chased after him, he knew, but not how or where he had caught
him. The memory wasn't lost, but his head felt stuffed with cotton and
thinking anything but the simplest thing was huge effort he didn't have
the energy to expend.

"H-hello?" he called, coughing a bit from the dryness in his throat.
Madam Pomfrey was beside him in an instant with a glass of water. He
drank greedily, taking in the coolness of the liquid gratefully. A
moment later, his vision cleared a bit as she placed his glasses on his
nose.

"Thank you."

"You are quite welcome, Mr. Potter," she said cheerfully, then quickly
got to business, sticking a thermometer (or a wizarding equivalent) in
his mouth. "How do you feel? You've had a fever all night."

How did he feel? If could concentrate enough he would have to say he
felt awful. Sicker than he'd been in years, and unable to account for
it.

"What happened to me?"

She smiled sympathetically, taking his hand and holding it closer to his
face. He was stunned to find it covered in tiny blue spots.

"See for yourself. You, young man, seem to have contracted Blue Pox."

"What? How could I have... I was vaccinated and quarantined! How could I
have Blue Pox?"

"Calm down, dear, you mustn't excite yourself. You have a lot of
recovering to do after all. As for how, well, you may have had a bad
batch of vaccine but more than likely it was probably stress. All this
nasty business happening at the school on top of end of semester school
work, I imagine the stress harmed your immune system to the point you
couldn't fight off the infection."

She plucked the thermometer from his mouth and read it.

"101.3Â°. Hmm... a little better than last night, I suppose. Lay back
down dear, and I'll get you a compress. We can talk a little more after
you've rested some."

He wanted to talk more NOW*,*but she had already scurried away and by
the time she had returned, he had already drifted off. The next time he
woke it was to someone gently calling his name. He blinked sleepily and
turning to his left he saw a worried looking Hermione, Clyde, and Ginny
standing a few feet from his bed. Draco was also there, although he
looked more amused than worried.

"I can't believe it. You really *did* catch the Pox. I thought they were
just covering up that you fell down the stairs or something else equally
ridiculous," the Malfoy heir sniggered.

"Draco, be quiet, this isn't funny!" Hermione snapped, made a move
towards Harry but then hesitate and stepped back again. She sighed. "I'm
sorry, Harry, but you're under quarantine. This is as close as we're
allowed to get."

Harry felt a pang of loneliness, but managed a reassuring smile for her.

"It's alright. I'll be fine in a couple of days, I'm sure. But what
happened? I remember running away, but I don't remember why."

He *did* remember why, but he needed to hear why they *thought* he ran
away. Surely, Snape would have made some excuse that in no way resembled
the truth.

"Panic Hex," Clyde offered, "Who knows what you were thinking while
under its affects? Maybe you thought you were bleeding to death or Snape
was going to kill you or you needed to study for Herbology in case of a
pop quiz. Scared the bejeezus out of the rest of us though."

"Yes," Draco agreed, looking bored, "Ron did quite the number on you. I
didn't know he had it in him. Though, you didn't do half bad yourself."

Harry shrugged.

"And what happened to Ron?"

"Suspended from practices till after the holidays for 'unsportsman-like
behavior'," Hermione said, sounding disgusted, "He's lucky I wasn't
there or I'd have turned him into a toad."

Harry chuckled, but it caught in his throat, making him cough violently.
The shutters to the nearest window slammed shut.

"I-I'll get it," Ginny offered, opening the shutters again with a few
flicks of her wand.

"This is ridiculous," Harry muttered, taking the now warm compress from
his forehead and wiping the sweat from face. "I'm dueling one moment and
dying the next... from something completely unrelated."

"You're not *dying*, Harry. You've probably been carrying the virus
around for a while now, so when you expended all that magic during your
duel-"

"Rather careless of you," Draco pointed out smugly, earning him a pinch
from Ginny.

"- it left you vulnerable to the infection. You'll be up an about in a
few weeks. At least that's what my godfather said. You have the worst
luck."

"A few weeks? I can't lay around her for a few *weeks*?! I've got
class-"

Another round of coughing cut off his protests, closed the shutters
again, and tipped over a glass of water. Ginny set everything to right
again without a word.

"Don't worry about class, mate," Clyde admonished. "You'll be well by
winter break, and you can make it up then."

"I'll lend you all of by notes. And I'll visit every day to keep you up
to date." Hermione offered. Harry nodded, but didn't feel particularly
comforted. He hated staying in the infirmary, where it was always too
quiet and too lonely and too boring. Besides, there were things
happening in Hogwarts. Some of these things were fun, some of them
scary, but all of them important to him.

It was completely unfair that he'd have to miss out on it, even if it
was only for a little while.

---

Voldemort read the latest report from Snape and felt distinctly unhappy.
The return of the basilisk was disturbing enough, even more so since it
seemed to be doing a wonderful job of avoiding Tom while at the same
time following Harry. At least Snape had found a way to secure the
child, even if it did disrupt the boy's education.

This turn of events was confusing, as well as frustrating. It left him
in doubt of Tom's involvement yet again. His younger counterpart would
never place his 'mother' in danger, after all. Yet at the same time, how
could Tom possibly keep missing the basilisk? True, Snape's safety
measures had limited Tom's freedom of movement, but if he were earnest
there wasn't anything the young snake couldn't accomplish.

"Pettigrew," he said, startling the sniveling little man sitting in the
chair across from his desk.

"Y-yes, Master?"

"Have you learned anything new?"

The coward rung his hands for a moment, his nose twitching like the
creature he so often mimicked.

"Ah... well, no, not really. The, the Slytherin dorms are harder to get
into than Gryffindor's. There are a lot of p-pet s-snakes there."

Voldemort watched Pettigrew shudder with some amusement. He knew it was
unfair of him to ask the animagus to infiltrate a place swarming with
his natural enemy, but he was a sadist and such things were entertaining
to him.

"So be it. If you are too incompetent to infiltrate the bedrooms of mere
children, I suppose it is too much to ask for you to search the secret
passages."

Pettigrew paled. His master was not his friend, and their relationship
and his affinity to breathing hinged on his continued uses to the Dark
Lord. Should he run out of uses, the secrets he held would not permit
him to simply walk away.

"N-no, Master! I can do that for you! I- I could even... maybe... get
into the Sl-Slytherin d-dorms. It-it will just t-take time."

Voldemort seemed to consider, although he was merely taking a moment to
enjoy watching the little man squirm.

"Very well, I will give you another chance. Return to Hogwarts and find
me something *useful*. If something should happen before I receive a
*meaningful* report from you, I will be most... *displeased*."

"Y-yes, M-ma-"

"*GO!*"

The man was a rat (or rather the rat became even more of a rat), and
disappeared through a strategically placed hole in the wall. A scuttling
sound was heard for a few moments and then blessed silence. He took the
opportunity to consider his next move, but there was little he could
think of to do. Snape was handling the situation as best he could
without knowing the truth about Tom, Tom was the only one who could
control the basilisk in his absence yet was less than trustworthy, and
Harry wasn't going to be able to help or hinder anyone for a while.

Unable to think of an immediate course of action, he shoved his concerns
aside and turned back to his other responsibilities. For now, that
involved sorting through correspondence with his various spies and
officials. There was over fifty to look through for today. He sorted
through them, and found one from Lestrange. Apparently, she was having
better luck serving Hogwarts abroad then she was serving at home, for
she had already found a couple of very fine teachers that even Voldemort
approved of. The newest missive presented the teacher who would be
replacing McNair next year, a former Ravenclaw with impeccable
credentials and a reputation that preceded her.

Finally, some good news.

He set it aside, making a mental note to have Lestrange's candidates
undergo a thorough background check, and checked the rest of his
letters. One in particular gave him pause, if for no other reason that
it was pink. If his mail sorters had missed yet another love letter, he
was going to cut off someone's fingers.

But no, it wasn't a love letter. It was an Umbridge letter. Mentally, he
sighed. The toady woman really was tiresome. Clever and capable, but
tiresome. And perhaps a bit over ambitious if the contents of her letter
were anything to go by. She quite thoroughly reported everything that
Snape already had, perhaps hoping she would reveal something her
supervisor had withheld.

Really, did that woman believe she could ever surpass Severus or even
Bella? He tossed the letter aside, seeing no reason to waste time with a
response.

---

Ronald Weasley stared down at his adversary with a combination of
disappointment and irritation. Harry Potter really *did* have Blue Pox
after all, and was not just covering up the fact that one of Ron's
spells had done real damage. The bruises, the split lip, and the tiny
cuts on Potter's hand and arm had already been healed, leaving only a
series of little blue spots to justify his hospitalization.

Currently, Potter was sleeping restlessly, his pale skin shiny with
fever-induced sweat. Ron didn't like it. He thought he'd take pleasure
in the discomfort of the pompous bastard, but it felt *wrong* to see him
brought low by something as menial as a flu. He never admitted it to
anyone, least of all himself, but the Gryffindor had always seemed
indestructible. But he had bled under Ron's fists, made mortal *by* a
mortal.

Now, Ron couldn't claim he defeated a god, but he could claim what was
rightfully his.

"Potter."

The sickly boy flinched, awakening with a groan and a hand blocking the
dim light of the infirmary from his eyes. The medi-witch had left his
glasses on, but even then the room looked blurry at first. He finally
managed to lock onto the vague shape of someone standing at the foot of
his bed, and after a long tense moment Ron's expressionless face came
into focus.

Harry tensed. Without looking, he already knew that they were the only
two there, and of them only Ron had his wand. There was absolutely
nothing comforting about this situation.

Yet Ron did not have his wand in his hand and he made no move for it,
merely stared at Harry intently, making a demand the Gryffindor couldn't
understand yet couldn't deny. How long they remained there, silently
staring at each other he didn't know. But finally, Ron's blank
expression broke into a pleased smirk.

"Hn."

With that, Ron walked away, leaving Harry to wonder what had happened or
if it all hadn't merely been a fever dream. *Let him wonder*, Ron
thought, *he had gotten what he had come for.*

Potter had looked at him.

Potter had *seen* him.

And if the mudblooded bastard ever dared to disregard him again, he'd
leave him a bloody smear on the stones of Hogwarts.

---

A week passed, leaving Harry to dismiss Ron's visit as nothing more than
one of a series of bad dreams. The Pox left him weak, fevered, and light
headed, despite the many potions Madam Pomfrey poured down his throat.
Worse than this, however, was the endless boredom. Hermione visited him
daily, usually in the company of his other friends and occasionally a
teacher as well, but she could never stay long and in her absence the
infirmary was a silent and lonely place. Reading and studying were
impossible, his mind still too foggy from fever and potions to
concentrate, leaving him to random thoughts and during his more
energetic periods he could squeeze in a few sketches.

The only even slightly remarkable thing to happen was a visit from a
Hogwarts' Herald student reporter, Abigail Bilst, and her young
photographer Collin Creevy. Some rather unflattering rumors about what
had happened in dueling club had been circulating, and they had both
come to confirm or bust the official story. Abbey seemed disappointed
that her first story didn't have some hidden twist, but seemed delighted
to have an interview with him. Apparently, she had to beat four other
students in a round of Exploding Snaps to get it.

Harry wasn't sure if he should be flattered, amused, or vaguely worried.

He settled on amused, because he didn't get *near* enough amusement in
that place.

A second week passed, leaving Harry a little stronger, a little more
clear headed, and with fewer spots. And he *remembered*. He remembered
his desperate escape through the halls, 'the voice' chasing him the
entire way, Snape confrontation at the doors, his own mad conjecture
proven true by the potion master's reaction.

And it was all *pointless*. Because...

"Harry, don't speak," Hermione begged, her friend bent over himself and
coughing violently into his sheets. Around them his erratic wild magic
opened and shut shutters, knocked over flower vases, and exploded a
nearby pillow. "I'll go get Madam Pomfrey!"

"No-wait! Her-" more violent coughs wracked his body, until the
medi-witch appeared and dosed him with one of her potions. His fall into
unconsciousness was swift and deep.

When he had woken again it was late, and Snape was standing over him
with only a Lumos Charm to see by. His expression was devoid of emotion,
of anything resembling regret or guilt.

"What did you do to me?" Harry hissed through clenched teeth.

"I protected you."

"You *poisoned* me."

"Don't be melodramatic, Potter. You are *safe* here. There are more
wards protecting the occupants of the hospital wing than half of
Hogwarts combined. Now you have a reasonable excuse to remain here. You
should thank me."

"*Fuck* you."

Snape arched a brow.

"I will overlook your asinine attempt at insult just this once, as you
are ill."

"I'm not *ill.*I'm *poisoned* and I'm *pissed*."

"Mm... well, I didn't come to argue semantics. Aren't you going to ask
me about the contract?"

Harry was diverted in his search for something to throw at the potion's
master by his question.

"What contract?"

"The one that made you almost cough out your lungs when you tried to
tell my goddaughter what you had learned. The one that will cramp your
fingers if you ever try to write it and scatter your thoughts if someone
were to try and legilimens you. The one that will protect the Dark
Lord's secrets. That contract."

"... I don't remember..."

"You weren't really coherent when you signed. In fact, I think you
signed 'Hairy Plumber', but with magical contracts you could have signed
'Mary Antoinette' and it wouldn't have made a difference. You're bound,
Mr. Potter, and there's no getting around it."

Harry could only stare at the man, horrified. Snape waited for him to
say something, but quickly grew impatient.

"Well, goodnight then, Potter."

The lumos charm ended, plunging everything into total darkness, and by
the time Harry's eyes readjusted the infirmary was empty.

---

Harry managed to catch up on his school reading fairly quick, with
nothing else to do, and though he was not yet in enough control of his
magic to practice spells he practiced the hand movements with a pencil.
Anything was better than thinking about Snape's betrayal, and more
importantly the success of it. A great deal of energy was spent just
*not* thinking about it.

If possible, he was even *more* bored than the week before. Hermione
visited like clockwork, but she brought fewer and fewer visitors.
Although, sometimes when he was napping he could have *sworn* someone
else had been there, but could never be sure it wasn't the result of bad
dreams. Hermione assured him that no one could enter the infirmary
without alerting Madam Pomfrey, who had reported no one but the odd
patient and occasional student visitor.

That Sunday brought the first edition of the Hogwarts Herald, delivered
by Hermione herself. She was *giddy*.. He found it pretty amusing until
she accidently smacked him in the head with the rolled up newspaper (she
still wasn't allowed close enough to simply *hand* it to him), her
excitement badly affecting her aim.

"I'm sorry!"

He righted his glasses, and offered her a wane smile.

"That's ok. So how's it going?" he asked, unrolling the paper. It was
thicker thank he'd thought it would be, nearly as thick as the daily
Wizarding Weekly. The front page read "Meet the Heralds of Hogwarts" and
showed a large picture of the paper's staff, including Hermione sitting
right up front with the more prominent older students.

"Fantastic! Everyone did a marvelous job! I wasn't sure if we were going
to make our deadline, but Professor Toure really knows how to get people
organized. We put an article about her under 'The Teacher's Tattler',
and it mentions she used to be coordinator at the National Wizarding
History Museum. And to think before that she-"

Harry listened to her with half an ear, most of his attention focused on
the various articles scattered in the paper. It was actually pretty
interesting. There were articles about recent events, future events,
student activities, teacher and student announcements, weather reports,
a gossip column, a fashion column, sports sections, advice column for
school related problems, study tips, health section (which he was amused
to find his picture a part of), student interviews, teacher interviews
(this week was Toure as Hermione mentioned). The student interview
featured none other than Tom, coming off as charming and poised even on
paper.

He skimmed Tom's article briefly, but it revealed nothing he hadn't
heard about him before. Disappointed, he checked the 'Events in Review'
to see if anything new or the least bit suspicious had been written
about 'the Guardian'. Aside from a article about the 'hex epidemic' that
had since passed, there was nothing unusual mentioned. He wasn't
surprised.

Looking over at Hermione happily chattering away about the paper's
success and her plans for future articles, he couldn't feel too terribly
guilty. Nothing bad had happened and Hermione was happier than he could
ever recall seeing her. Perhaps 'the Guardian' had been following Harry,
and now that he was seemingly out of reach it had left. It was too much
to hope, but it was the season...

Which reminded him.

"I don't suppose I've received another invite to the Malfoy Christmas
party?"

Hermione, who had gone off on a tangent about Collin Creevey's
questionable photographer's morality was brought up short in her speech.
Confused, she merely blinked at him for a moment.

"Oh! I told you last week. We only hold those balls on even years. We're
sort of in an agreement with the Hothwell family, who hold the balls on
odd years. Otherwise we get into quite the competition over guests. I'm
not surprised you don't remember. You were pretty loopy from fever."

Harry couldn't remember much of last week, and it was his greatest wish
that no one else would remember him like that either. 'Loopy' wasn't a
very flattering state to be in.

"What about you, Harry?" she asked, "Has Professor Snape or Professor
McGonagall come to talk to you about where you'll be spending winter
break?"

"What do you mean? I assumed I would be staying here for the holidays,
like last year."

Hermione frowned, somewhat worried.

"I would have thought... oh, never mind. Turn to page four, under
'Important Announcements.'"

He did as instructed, skimming over the schedule for midterm exams and
located just above the Hogwart's Express Departure procedure was an
unexpected bit of news.

*Due to an unusually low number of available staff during the holiday
season, all students will be sent home or to an otherwise specified
domicile for the duration of winter break. Letters to parents and
guardians have already been sent, and should all arrive by Tuesday.* *If
you or your family have any questions, please speak with your Head of
House. Arrangements will be made for special circumstances. - Deputy
Headmaster S. Snape*

"Huh. First I've heard of it," he admitted. Could this somehow be a part
of another of Snape's plans? Perhaps with the rest of the school empty,
the potion's master would attempt to find and capture the serpent yet
again? He looked to his friend to ask her opinion on his theory, but a
sudden flush of strange magic surged through him, invoking a series of
violent coughs.

"Harry?! Are you ok? Should I get the nurse?"

He waved her off, continuing to cough. After a moment, it stopped. He
had forgotten about Snape's contract, but clearly it hadn't forgotten
him. Running his hand through his hair in frustration, he tried to think
of what to do next.

"Still sick," he said distractedly, voice a bit raspy now. "But at least
I didn't tip any glasses or something."

Hermione nodded sympathetically, and got up to go.

"You should rest if you want to get better before break. I'll talk to
McGonagall and see what their plans are for you. You can keep the
paper."

"Thanks."

---

After Hermione left, no one else visited that evening or the Monday
morning that followed. Alone with his thoughts and frustrations, the
restlessness that had plagued Harry since his hospitalization came to a
peak. He could not stand to lay there in bed any longer.

He peeked down the hall of the fourth floor corridor, and finding it
predictably empty, moved quickly until he reached the next turn. At ten
in the morning, everyone would be in class, including Madam Pomfrey who
taught Intro to Medical Wizardy twice a week at this time. That gave him
one hours to search the school and get back to bed before anyone noticed
him.

Hardly feasible, but he had a few places in particular that he wanted to
check out. The dungeon would have been his first choice, but he couldn't
risk being caught by Snape, so he began with the hall outside the
library and made his way to every place he could remember hearing 'the
voice'. Now that he had figured out it was from a snake, he though he
might have better luck finding it... possibly even reasoning with it to
return to the place it had been guarding.

So far all he had to show for his trouble was a nasty chill.

"Harry?"

The young Gryffindor let out a startled squeak, and spun around.
Climbing out of a secret passage behind a suit of armor was Tom, looking
almost as surprised to see Harry as the boy was to see him. Harry
bolted.

He was half way back to the hospital wing when Tom finally caught him,
catching hold of his wrist and spinning him around. Harry twisted in his
grip, struggling weakly. Whether it was his own prolonged sickness or
Tom possessed unusual strength, it quickly became obvious that escape
was impossible.

"Let go, Tom. I still have the Pox, you know," he grumbled, staring
pointedly at Tom's hand gripping his wrist rather than the boy himself.

"Which is why you should still be in the infirmary. What are you doing
out here, Harry? Merlin, you're freezing!"

The Slytherin released him, but he didn't have time to run again before
he found himself netted in Tom's school robe. The robe was much too big
and pooled over his feet. With a few flicks of the older boy's wand and
a muttered spell, the black cloth began to warm like an electric
blanket.

Harry almost sighed in relief.

Until Tom grabbed him by the arms, his grip wickedly fierce.

"What are you doing out here? And dressed in nothing but hospital
pajamas? Are you daft?"

He flushed in embarrassment.

"Nothing. I was just... bored. I've been laying bed for two weeks and
I'm sick of it. What are *you* doing out here? Don't you have class?"

Tom hesitated, his grip loosening.

"I... this is my free period."

"Shouldn't you be in your dorm with your classmates."

Tom snorted.

"If I have to spend one more minute listening to what so-and-so's parent
is buying them for Christmas, someone's not going to live long enough to
get their gifts," the Slytherin said, sneering. His expression smoothed
when he looked back to a Harry. "Why are you *here*, Harry? I can think
of a dozen better...*warmer* places an escapee-patient might prefer."

"Then why aren't *you* there?"

Again, that moment of hesitation and Harry was quickly beginning to
think Tom was up to something. He wondered if... could Tom be looking
for 'the guardian' too? Did Tom know or at least suspect the true nature
of Sweety's killer? If so, how much did he know about Harry's own
investigation? Was the older boy spying on him that day in the library
for that reason?

A thousand thoughts bombarded him, all questioning Tom's possible role
in the mystery and whether it was curious investigator or... something
else. Something that was too absurd to think about. Tom was his friend,
why would he spy on him? But then why wouldn't he tell Harry if he knew
something?

"I refuse to have a conversation in the middle of the hall with someone
in *pajamas*," Tom said finally. "I'll take you back to the infirmary
and we can talk there."

Once enclosed in the warmth and privacy of the infirmary, they each
settled into a chair. For a long moment, neither said anything. Then Tom
looked at his watch and sighed.

"I have to be back in the dungeons in twenty minutes, so we best make
this brief and to the point. Why were you wandering in the halls?"

Harry shrugged, unable to answer truthfully even if he wanted to. Tom
frowned.

"Were you... looking for it? That thing that hurt your teammate?"

Green eyes widened. Tom's frowned deepened.

"You can't keep doing this, Harry. You're much too important to be
risking your life over trivialities. Let Professor Snape take care of
it."

"*Trivialities?* A girl is *dead*, Tom! There's nothing trivial about
it! And Snape's the bloody reason I'm in here!"

The Slytherin's mouth twitched, fighting a smirk as he poked at a
prominent blue spot on Harry's forehead.

"Yes, it was rather clever of him too. No one's even suspected, not even
your own best friend. And I heard she was smart."

The Gryffindor slapped Tom's hand away from his forehead, glowering.
Anger bloomed in his heart, it's root feeding on his sense of betrayal.
He should of know, he thought. Tom had been too perfect. He had seen his
lying smile and still been charmed. But Tom wasn't what he had
thought... hoped?... he was. But how far did the lie go? Was the mask
simply a charming cover for his more callous and cynical thoughts or did
they hide something more sinister?

"Tom... what do you know?"

The Slytherin smirked.

"What anyone with half a brain, a little bit of curiosity, and access to
the Restricted Section of the library might know. I imagine you've
figured out quite a bit yourself."

"You didn't answer my question."

"You didn't answer mine either."

True.

Tom glanced at his watch again.

"I don't have much time left, and after this I may not be able to visit
you again before break. How would you like to spend the holidays with
me?"

Now where did THAT come from? Tom's charm was back, his clever little
smile directed at Harry, and his eyes were intense...no... welcoming?

"What?"

"I had hoped to keep you out of the matter, but if you're going to be
stubborn we might as well work together. I was planning on spending
Christmas in Askrigg. Have you ever been there? Tiny little town, but
very pretty when it snows."

That sounded nice, and Tom wasn't acting mean or weird now. He was
smiling and curious and just what Harry wanted.

"I still have no idea what you're talking about."

"I keep my best books in Askrigg. Spend the holidays with me there, and
I promise I'll tell you everything I know and you can help me search for
more. How about it, Harry? Will you come?"

Green eyes, different than his own, soften from intense emerald by
little flecks of red, held him gently, warm as the charmed robe around
his shoulders.

"I... I don't think..." he tried, thoughts of Snape's unknown plans for
him slipping into the warm atmosphere like a cold mountain spring.
Innocent, but distracting.

"Don't worry about your guardians, Harry. I'm sure I can convince them.
I'm very convincing, aren't I?"

Yes, he was definitely that, he thought hazily. But there wasn't much he
had to convince Harry of after all, was there? Why spend Christmas alone
when he could spend it with a friend he both liked and admired? One who
shared his interest in the-"

A familiar surge of foreign magic welled up, spilling out into violent
coughing, breaking the connection Tom had made to his mind. The
connection that had sought out the knowledge Harry's contract would
protect, even from legilimency.

"Harry! What's wrong?"

Tom's hands were on his shaking shoulders, and Harry shoved him away
harshly, stumbling away from him. The robe fell from shoulders, tangling
his feet and dragging him to the floor.

"Don't *touch* me! Don't come anywhere *near* me! You-you...bloody..."
he snarled up at him, eyes flashing in rage. Tom was stunned.

"Harry?" he tried softly, looking almost pitiably confused. All Harry
saw was a lie.

"You... I *trusted*you! I thought you were my friend! Then you tried
to...to... I THOUGHT YOU WERE MY FRIEND!"

The lie fell away, leaving Tom's expression cold and his eyes devilish
red. Like a striking serpent, he went from absolute stillness to violent
motion within a fraction of a second. He shoved the smaller boy to the
floor, pinning his wrists beside his head.

"*I am the*only friend *you will ever need*," he hissed, parseltongue
turning an already dangerous statement into something obscene. Harry
could only lay there, stunned and frightened.

Tom's expression softened, and he released Harry's wrists when he showed
no signs of struggling. He let out a long, frustrated sigh and checked
his watched.

"Damn it. Out of time."

He pointed his wand at Harry.

"*Obliviate!*"

---

"Potter, wake up."

Harry sprung up, gasping, his mind shredding and scattering his
nightmare like bits of paper. A moment of panic, of displacement, and
then the infirmary began to take on the familiar shapes and patterns of
light he remembered. He blinked away the vague afterimages from his
sleep, and turned to see Snape standing beside him. It was strange to
see the man after two weeks of absence. Had he always looked so
irritated?

Oh, wait, they were in the same room together. Question answered.

"Are you coherent?" the man sneered. "I would hope after two weeks
lazing around in bed you would be well rested."

Harry glowered back at the man.

"If you didn't want me bedridden then perhaps you shouldn't have
*poisoned* me? Just a thought."

Snape waved his statement away like an irritating fly. He pulled an
envelope from his robe, and for a second Harry's heart leapt at thought
of Sirius and Remus. Then he realized the envelope was black. The
potion's master handed it to him. An elegant 'V' was inscribed in gold
across it.

"The Dark Lord has extended an invitation to spend the holidays with him
in Bristol."

"Why?" he asked, confused and feeling disoriented again by rather
ominous deja vu.

"PR, probably. Orphan-hugging and all that."

Oh, well that actually made sense. It wasn't exactly flattering, but at
least it made sense.

"You should be released from the infirmary Wednesday afternoon, which
will give you just enough time to collect your assignments and pack.
McGonagall has assigned a Prefect to keep an eye on you... incase you
suddenly relapse from your illness."

Harry snorted. Snape smirked.

"The train leaves the next day at exactly 8 o'clock. You must be ready
to leave the castle at seven-fifteen with the rest of your House. A WYRA
representative will be in London to escort you to the estate. After
that, it's up to the Dark Lord. Happy Holidays."

"I hope you're hit by low flying reindeer."

"If only I were so lucky. The Headmistress is returning on Friday."

---

[^35-1]: Remember Blue Pox? I mentioned it in the first book. It's a common
illness of young wizard. Sneezing commonly results in the lights
flickering on or off, and other odd little things happening.
