# The Duel

Wednesday came too soon it seemed. Though none of the other classes spoke of
anything more horrifying than some snappish reprimands by McNair and eye
strain from reading for too long, Harry and his friends had been promised a
practical. Given the curses they'd been studying there was no way the day was
going to end well.

"Hurry up and sit down, all of ya ninnies," Professor McNair growled as
everyone started crowding in. His beady eyes lingered on Harry and Hermione as
they walked in and followed them to their seats. Once everyone was seated and
waiting in a tense quiet for the horror to begin, McNair spoke again. "Potter,
do you have that essay?"

"Yes, sir."

"And did you understand the material?"

"I think so, sir."

"You *think* so? Why don't you *know* so?"

Harry hesitated. "It wasn't something I could practice."

"Not practice? Of course you can practice. This is a wizarding school, you
don't learn nothing worth knowing without *trying* it out. Get up here."

Reluctantly, Harry stood and moved to the front of the class. McNair sneered
down at him and then turned back towards the class.

"I'll award ten points to whomever volunteers, regardless of how well the
curse is performed."

No one moved.

"Come on, then, fifteen points," McNair said. "Either someone volunteers or I
pick someone and they don't get any points."

Hermione shifted in her seat. Draco saw her and stood.

"I'll do it. It's a pretty pathetic curse, as such things go," he said,
smirking arrogantly at the rest of the class.

"Good lad, Malfoy. Fifteen points to Slytherin. Stand in front of the door.
Now, Potter, show us what you learned."

Harry looked at Draco, asking permission with his eyes. The blond boy's
arrogant expression didn't falter, but as Harry raised his wand he did tense.
It was enough for Harry.

"I'm sorry, Professor, I can't seem to remember the wand movement."

McNair smiled nastily, and Harry knew he was in for it now. His only
consolation was that what ever happened to him wasn't going to hurt
Gryffindor. Tom had already explained that the foul man wouldn't have house
points from him (at least not a significant amount at once). For someone with
only a vague sense of loyalty to his own House, this was a very small comfort.

"I'll demonstrate it to you, Potter. *Via phobius!*"

Harry tensed, but nothing seemed to happen. Nothing jumped out at him. There
were not creepy-crawlies or monsters stalkinging towards him. He wondered if
the man had been playing a trick on him or even managed to fail his own spell.
He turned a questioning glance towards Hermione.

She was gone.

Confused, he searched the room. She was not there. And neither were the
others.

Natalie and Clyde were no where to be seen. He turned to the door, but Draco
was gone too. The class was now dappled with empty seats where once his
friends had sat. They were gone and all that was left was room of full of cold
stares and malicious delight.

He was alone.

Again.

His breathing became rapid. He searched the tables where he'd seen them last,
looking for evidence of their existence, but their bags and their books and
pens were all gone. Or perhaps they'd never been there? Had he made them up?
Had they all been the dream of a lonely mind?

"He asked you a question," McNair said, his voice mocking. His presence
brought Harry back to the solidity of the moment.

"Who?"

"Malfoy, you clod. Pay attention when someone is speaking to you!"

The moment was solid, and McNair's mockery had inadvertently made the past
solid as well. Malfoy existed. Everyone else had to have existed as well. This
was only a curse. A pathetic curse. Isn't that what Draco had said? Speaking
of what Draco had said-

"*Phobius nostica!*"

Before his eyes, his friends reappeared, staring anxiously at him. He wondered
what he looked like to them. His breath still wasn't quite normal and his
hands felt clammy. A chill lingered in his arms and spine. He wonder if this
was what it felt like to stand before a dementor.

"Good to see you remembered *something*, Potter."

And McNair seemed pretty disgruntled over that.

He was still a bit disconcerted, so Draco grabbing him firmly by the arm and
totting him back towards his chair was more helpful than annoying at the
moment.

"Bloody hell, what did you *see*? Most people freak out like Weasley. You just
stood there like your soul had been sucked out of you."

Again Harry was reminded of dementors. Perhaps that's what he should say he
saw. The truth... the truth was not his friend in this room. From the corner
of his eye he could make out their grungy professor glowering at him. He
tilted his head a bit so the man could see his mouth moving, even if he
couldn't hear his words.

"Snakes."

Draco gave him a disbelieving look. Then rolled his eyes.

"So *that's* why you're not really in Slytherin," he muttered. "God, that's
just pathetic."

---

After that, the class became exceptionally boring and no one could have been
happier (except perhaps McNair). They spent the rest of the class reading out
of their books. They were expected to write a twelve foot mid term paper on
some aspect of the Dark Arts and their first proposal was due Friday. Hermione
managed to spark a bit of her old enthusiasm and was already writing down
ideas. Still feeling a bit depressed from the curse, Harry flipped through the
pages and stared at the pictures (considerably less graphic than McNair's
*private* collection).

After class, Draco gave him a chocolate frog.

"What? No flowers?"

"Stuff it, Potter. It will help with the curse's after affects. A sulky
Gryffindor is almost as bad as a lovesick Hufflepuff."

It did help. Draco's solid punch to his arm, a powerful (albeit painful) proof
of his existence, helped more. Hermione watched the exchange closely, but let
him finish his chocolate in peace.

No one got sick in potions, although Nott spilled his hair growth potion on
Crabbe and made his feet look like an angora rabbits. They were once again
reminded they still had a class to make up that Saturday morning as well as a
potion's essay. So groaning and muttering, they made their way up to lunch.
Snape caught his attention on the way out, interrogating him with his dark
eyes alone. Harry avoided his gaze, shrugged and walked off. Let the man
interpret that as he would. He wasn't going to let him stalk around his head
like it was his classroom.

He might have been safely out of Snape's reach, but Hermione was a different
matter. As soon as her brother and their class mates were ahead of them, she
pulled him quietly into an empty classroom and cast a silencing charm on the
door.

She held him with a dark look and demanded, "Spill it."

Harry just blinked at her stupidly.

"The truth, Harry. For once, just tell me the truth."

"Um... I don't..."

"Stop. You've been keeping secrets since we've known each other. I can tell,
you know. You get this flippant attitude whenever you're lying."

Oops. He dropped his gaze. He had many, many secrets. As time passed he had
collected more and more, an ever growing collection. There was no doubt in his
mind that it would only continue to grow.

He wanted to tell her so many of them. But she had said it herself:

"'For both our sakes, be careful what you say.'"

Now Hermione was caught off guard. "What?"

"Don't you remember? On my eleventh birthday, when I carelessly said things
you told me that."

"I... yes, I remember."

He looked her squarely in the eye.

"Every lie I ever told you was to protect you. I swear."

She was quiet for a moment.

"Even about what you saw today?"

"Oh, that. I didn't lie to you, I lied to Draco. A completely different
matter, altogether."

She rolled her eyes.

"I figured. So what did you really see?"

"...Do I really have to tell you that? I mean... it's kind of personal."

"Well, it felt kind of personal when you kept looking at me during that spell
as if I had somehow betrayed you."

"What? No, no that wasn't what I saw. I've never even considered that you'd
betray me."

"Then what was it, Harry? Please, tell me. I don't ever want to see that look
on your face again."

"... You were gone."

She looked confused.

"You had disappeared. Well, not just you. Clyde. Natalie. Draco. You all just
vanished as if you'd never been there. For a moment, I thought you really
hadn't ever existed. I thought I was alone again."

He'd been looking at his shoes as he explained, feeling so stupid but
unwilling to give her yet another lie. Her arms were around him suddenly,
hugging him tightly.

"I keep forgetting," she said softly. "You're always so brave, I keep
forgetting how a like we are."

His eyes felt suddenly wet, so before he made a total girl of himself he
pulled away from her. He shuffled around a bit, mentally searching for
something to distract them both from his sudden vulnerability.

"There's something else. Something I've never willing told anyone."

"Is this about your kidnaping?" she asked, her look knowing. "If it is, I know
that you were threatened to keep silent about the truth."

"What? How did you-?"

"Well, aside from being entirely *too* flippant about being kidnaped and
probably beaten, there were some inconsistencies with your story."

"Inconsistencies? All I ever said was 'I don't know, I was confunded' or 'It's
still under investigation'. Where did you find inconsistencies in that?"

"Well the first clue didn't come from you, but from my godfather. I heard from
some Hufflepuffs that he stormed out of class for seemingly no reason and then
didn't return until the next period. What could have possibly sent him off in
such a hurry that day except for your return? And then, if you'd been found
the night before and scheduled to return like you said later, why was he
acting as if you'd come so unexpectedly? Why didn't he tell Draco or me about
you being found before?'

"The next clues came when we spoke before the rest of the school knew you were
back. You told me that Madam Pomfrey had given you a very thorough check-up
already, but then told the reporters that you'd been taken to St. Mungo's just
before being brought back to Hogwarts. Why would you have gone to Madam
Pomfrey if you'd already been to St. Mungo's? For that matter, if you had been
to either Madam Pomfrey or St. Mungo's, why would you have a bruise around
your neck when we spoke to you?"

"What bruise? I didn't have-"

Oh. Voldemort had grabbed his neck after he'd tried to get the dark wizard to
stop torturing Whitehall and Morgenson. He hadn't even thought about. It
probably wouldn't even have shown up until after he'd left the office so no
one else had thought to hide it. His shirt collar would have covered it most
of the time, except of course during study hall when he loosened his tie to
get more comfortable. A study hall where he sat directly across from the most
observant girl in the school.

"I figured something happened and Lestrange or Voldemort didn't want any one
to know the truth so they came up with that little fairy tale and threatened
you to keep quiet."

Harry let out a huff.

"Yes, you're right about all of that. And I still can't tell you what really
happened. If Voldemort didn't kill you, Snape would kill me. I'm rather fond
of the both of us, so I hope you don't mind?"

She made a dismissive gesture.

"Good, because that wasn't the secret I was talking about. I'm a parselmouth."

---

Hermione snapped her third quill that day. Beside her, Harry glanced
cautiously in her direction. She ignored him in favor of looking for another
quill. If she had looked at him, he might have spontaneously combusted.

Never had she been so angry with him.

This said quite a bit about how angry she was, for despite her usual calm
reserve she was angry with him *a lot*. He was brave and kind and she loved
him like a second brother, but he was also secretive, stubbornly proud, and
short tempered. She had many of the same short comings, so bickering wasn't
uncommon. They had their fair share of spats, and even more arguments left
unsaid. Affection and friendship endured through a mutual understanding of
their pasts, a deep love of magic, and an implicit trust of the other.

But he hadn't trusted her.

For over a year he had been keeping this incredible secret, one that so easily
could have been shared and explored together. Why? She still didn't
understand. He hadn't been able to explain. He seemed ashamed some how. Was it
because he had lied to her, even if it was merely a lie of omission?

Or perhaps he thought she would feel ashamed?

Did he think that because he had this prestigious talent that she wouldn't
think herself good enough to hang out with him?

Alright, that sounded a bit convoluted, even to her. The chances were she was
angry at him for entirely the wrong reasons. It was his secret, and it was not
imperative that she know it immediately. One day or one year, he had still
told her when he didn't have to.

She tried to tell herself to just let it drop. He hadn't really done anything
wrong.

She made a cursory glance at her lying friend, muttering under his breath the
charm of the day and wondered if that wasn't a little bit of hissing she
heard...

Hermione snapped her fourth quill that day.

---

Tom discretely cast his gaze across the Great Hall to the Gryffindor table. He
found Harry almost immediately, and was pleased to note that the earlier
gossip seemed accurate. Harry was still fighting with Granger. The boy was
sulking over lunch, while the girl resolutely ignored him and everyone else.

That was good.

Let her withdraw from Harry on her own, and perhaps he wouldn't have to do
anything too... drastic. Once she left him, her brother and his friends would
soon follow suit. Harry should never have been associating with such filth to
begin with. Malfoy was tolerable, but his weakness for his mudblooded sister
and friends made him unsuitable company. No, the only company Harry would
require was his. Without the others, the boy would inevitably turn to him-
they always did, after all- and he would guide him to more appropriate company
and activities..

Voldemort had been right. He was the only one who could be entrusted to safe
guard the school, and protect the child who had become his 'mother'. He knew
so little about Harry, but he knew he was destined for great things. There was
just *something* about him. A mysterious intensity to the way he lived. A
resolve directed at the world he only half understood. It was everything that
had been absent in what he knew of Merope, that stupid weak cow who had
sullied him since his conception with her love of a disgusting muggle.

He hadn't lied to his counterpart. He felt both deep affection and gratitude
towards Harry. The child, though of mixed origins, was pure in the way of
magic, allowing for Tom's own rebirth to be what it never was with Europa.

Beautiful.

Joyous.

*Blessed*.

So he would protect Harry. He would make him great. He would love him as best
he knew how, like any grateful son should. And if those around the child had
to suffer to make it so, well... no one could say he had any aversion to the
suffering of others.

---

By Thursday, Hermione was actually looking at him. This was an improvement
from Wednesday, when she not. Harry took it as a sign that she was coming
around, but he did wish she would come around a bit faster. Draco kept giving
him the evil eye and Natalie was teasing them both horribly. Clyde didn't seem
to notice, but he had developed a sudden crush on Catherine Wicket, a new
first year Hufflepuff, and wasn't noticing much of anything.

When it was finally time to attend Snape's Dueling Club, he felt like he was
going to battle without a single ally in sight.

The Dueling Club was held in a large chamber that took up a quarter of the
third floor of the Western wing. There were windows on either side, and most
of the place was illuminated with natural afternoon light. One end of the
chamber was taken up by a large 'I' shaped platform from which individual
duels and demonstrations would be held. The other end on the west side held a
series of human shaped dummies, standing straight and ready for hexes and
curses. The east side was covered in mats, some were shaped like the 'I'
platform, but mostly a wide range of sizes and shapes.

By the dueling platform, Professor Snape stood waiting for all the perspective
students to arrive. His dark robes closely resembled the set Harry had seen
the man wear just before he'd gone to face McNair, but there was less armoring
and the leather looked less stiff. Still, he made for an intimidating sight.
If everyone else weren't similarly dressed as Harry, the young Gryffindor
would have thought himself rather silly looking in comparison.

There were not many students. This was the junior Dueling Club so only first
through fourth years attended on Thursday, but with only thirty members out of
more than two hundred and fifty students it clearly wasn't going to be the
most popular place to be after classes. Almost half the members were
Slytherins, another quarter being Ravenclaws, and the rest were Hufflepuffs
and Harry, Hermione, a very reluctant looking Clyde, and Ginny who was looking
as if she expected to be thrown out at any moment.

Swell.

Snape didn't look pleased with the turnout, but neither did he look surprised.
He didn't bother waiting past the appointed meeting time for stragglers.

"Welcome to Dueling Club, ladies and gentlemen. Let me take a moment to
applaud your decision to supplement your education. You will find in due time
that is was a wise and lucrative choice."

Harry assumed Snape was addressing his Slytherins when he said this, possibly
Hermione too, and didn't put much weight in the wizard's assurance. But he
wouldn't quit. Not yet anyway. Snape was offering something he had been unable
to find in the apathetic Quirrel, and perhaps too much of in McNair.

He offered power.

Now Harry never thought of himself as power-hungry person. He was more than
content to live his life without lording over others, but at the same time he
could not tolerate the idea of anyone lording over *him*. And too many people
were deciding his actions against his will. Voldemort. Snape. McNair. WYRA.
Whitehall and Morgenson. There were others, less dangerous at the moment or
perhaps not yet introduced, that would attempt to hurt him or manipulate him.

He would never be able to defeat them all. He would likely bend long before he
broke. Or perhaps he would just die. However, the more powerful he became the
fewer there would be who could hurt or control him, and the less twisted he
would become.

He hoped so anyway.

His parents hadn't held much respect for power. Having survived a war with one
of the most powerful wizards in the world, Harry supposed they had good
reasons for this.

"I will not only be supplementing your knowledge of DA&D, but will also
provide you with basic medical skills to assist you or your comrades after an
attack. These skills will likely prove more value than any hex or curse, as
they are applicable to both peaceful and dangerous situations."

From there, Snape when on to outline what exactly they would be doing. It was
a lot more than Harry had counted on. It turned out hexing and cursing made up
only about half of what they would actually be practicing. There would be the
medical training Snape mention, but also basic training with traditional
styles of weaponry (a sort of pre-fencing club since you had to be at least a
fourth year to join), basic occlumency (although not legilimency), form and
decorum, and equipment design and maintenance. Then Snape lead them around the
training area, pointing out the purposes of oddly shaped mats, the dummies,
and the large storage closet they hadn't noticed. He laid down safety
procedures, the consequences of ignoring these procedures, rules,
responsibilities, and chores.

Then things started to get fun. He had them each pick out a dummy and inscribe
their names on it. He introduced a set of spells to protect the dummy, to
strengthen it, to keep others from touching it, and to repair the slight
damages it would accumulate over repeated use. They would each be held
responsible for the care of their own dummy, and if it was damaged because of
neglect they would have to make a new one from scratch to replace it. Harry
named his Rolf.

Then they were marched to the supply closet where they set about putting
together their dueling uniforms. They all came in a range of styles and colors
and sizes, and they all had a heck of a time figuring out what would fit, what
one was willing to wear (Draco was the perfect fit for canary yellow padding
but traded it for a slightly oversized dark blue to go with his dark grey
leather armor), and how to put it all on.

Harry got through it with beige padding and dark brown armor, and considered
himself lucky. Hermione in a black and red checkered padding and black armor,
looking rather devilish. Ron was stuck in the yellow padding with white armor
and looked completely absurd. Ginny, being the smallest one there, was stuck
with the pink armor and white padding. She looked about as threatening as the
Easter bunny.

"You may, and likely will, purchase or create your own dueling robes, but you
must have them approved by me first. Shoddy workmanship will cost you more
than a split seam here."

Harry thought immediately of his arm guards in his trunk. They were softer,
stronger, and a better fit than the ones he had on and had the added bonus of
a wand holder. Could he perhaps convince his godfather to make him a complete
set of armor?

There were some additional instructions on the care of their armor and more
spells for their upkeep. By the time they were done with the orientation
almost two hours had passed.

"That will be all for today," Snape said finally, "Place your armor on your
dummies before you go and cast a cleaning charm on them. Next Thursday, I will
introduce you to dueling etiquette, basic dueling form, and some common
disarming spells. I expect you all to be dressed and ready *before* we begin.
Dismissed."

As they did as they were instructed, all of them chatted excitedly. Even the
Gryffindors and Hufflepuffs who had only reluctantly decided to accept more of
*Snape* in their lives were delightfully surprised. The man hadn't snapped or
insulted them once, and seemed genuinely interested in them learning what he
was teaching.

"I'm so glad I decided to come," Ginny said, placing her robes on her dummy
beside Harry and 'Rolf'. "Everyone was saying Snape would be just like he was
in potions and we'd only be learning those awful things Professor McNair
teaches, but it's really different, isn't it? Professor Snape wasn't that bad
at all."

Harry grinned. "If that was all that you heard about it, then why did you
come? It wasn't exactly a rousing endorsement."

She blushed and floundered a bit for a reply.

"Oh, just... well, you know... all my brothers are joining, I didn't want to
be the only one who chickened out."

"Well, I'm glad you came. We'll need as many Gryffindors as we can get to keep
the Slytherins in line. I'm told they were insufferably arrogant before they
started losing Quidditch matches. I can't imagine this will be any different."

---

Next Thursday, Hermione was talking to him again, albeit in monosyllables. Of
course, by that point Harry was irritated enough with her not to care. So he
hadn't told her all his secrets. They were *his* secrets, after all. He
doubted she told him everything about herself either.

They went through the usual motions of their friendship, keeping each other
company during classes and study periods, but their usual warmth was cooled
and people noticed. There were suddenly a lot more boys flirting with
Hermione. If Harry weren't so irritated with her, he might have noticed a lot
more girls (and quite a few boys) were flirting with him as well. He was
snappish with anyone who pointed this out to him and scared more than a few
students with sudden outburst of German swear words.

He wanted nothing more than to vent his frustrations in a letter to Sirius and
Remus, but the realization that he hadn't told them he was a parselmouth made
that impossible. He wasn't quite ready to tell them that their best friend's
son was anything less than the model Gryffindor his father had been. There was
no way he could withstand their rejection like he did Hermione's. He *knew*
her well enough to know she'd get over it eventually, after all.

After the final class of the day, he dropped off his school things and went to
the Dueling Hall with the hope that he would be able to vent his frustrations
there. Snape was there alone, vanishing dummies. There were more than there
had been last week and some of the extra were clothed in armor, and Harry
realized they must have been for the Varsity Dueling Club. Harry counted
twenty two and wondered which ones were George and Fred's.

Snape glanced over at him.

"If you're expecting extra points for being early, I'm pleased to disappoint
you. As this is a club and an extracurricular activity, you will not receive
any additional points unless it's in a competition."

"And will there be competitions?" Harry asked curiously. He doubted he would
do as well in Dueling as he did in Quidditch, but it was worth a shot.

"Maybe," Snape said dismissively, "Why are you here, Potter? We don't start
for another half an hour."

"I have no where better to be."

"How flattering."

"Hermione's mad at me."

He didn't know why he said it. Snape was not someone he should be laying out
his problems to. The man was involved with at least half his problems to begin
with. But, perhaps that's why he could say it, for as much as he disliked the
older man, he knew almost all his secrets.

Snape snorted. "If she were mad at you, your hair would be falling out and
your toenails would have grown through your shoes. Miss Cypher can attest.
Likely, she's just irritated."

"Well, she's been irritated for over a week."

"She might just be menstruating. She should be about the right age for that to
start."

Harry gave him the most horrified look. He never ever wanted to think about
his best friend in those terms. Emphasis on 'NEVER'.

"So what perceived slight have you committed to irritate her?"

More than happy to move on to a subject that didn't point out to him that his
best friend was one hundred percent female, he told the truth.

"I told her I was a parselmouth."

"Told her, or she figured it out and you confessed?"

"I *told* her. I could have said nothing at all, but..."

Snape snorted. "You dug your own hole, you can lay in it."

*Typical*.

He started to change into his dueling uniform. Snape continued to dismiss the
unclothed dummies.

"What if someone else wants to join today?" Harry asked, quickly bored of the
silence.

"Then they're out of luck. I will not repeat last Thursday's orientation every
time some bored little fool wanders in. They all had their chance and they let
it slip by. I will not reward their laziness and cowardice by allowing them to
join late and thus hold up the rest of the members. They'll have to wait until
next semester."

"That's harsh."

"You should be pleased, Potter. You and your friends have a distinct advantage
now. By next semester all of you will far surpass them in knowledge and skill,
and it will take them years to catch up if they ever do. You will be among the
elite."

Harry rolled his eyes. "I'm not an elitist."

"And yet, it is amongst the elite that you find your company," Snape said,
smirking wickedly. Harry wanted to refute that statement, but couldn't. It was
true after all. It might not have been intentional, but somehow he had ended
up among the *creme de la creme *of Wizarding Britian. Hogwarts, the finest
wizarding school in Britain. Hermione and Draco, children of the Dark Lord's
right hand man. And Voldemort himself, peeking over his should and into his
head whenever the opportunity arose.

Ugh.

He was spared attempting to find a paltry defense by the arrival of some club
members. He finished getting ready, and started chatting with some of the
others until Hermione, Draco, and his Slytherin cohorts finally arrived. She
favored Harry with an irritated look, and he gave her with one of his own.

Practice started and Snape began by having Draco, who had attended a few
dueling tournaments, climb onto the platform and to help demonstrate proper
form and etiquette. The rituals were stylized, but Snape explained their very
pragmatic origins.

A duelist kept their wandless hand behind their back at all times, unless to
catch their balance. Originally, the free hand was tied there to keep a wizard
from using an alternative weapon, an extra wand, or even wandless magic.

You saluted, only bowed slightly, and turned your body sideways before facing
your opponent, careful to minimize the area of exposure and maintain eye
contact for an incoming attack.

The victor never aided the defeated in standing after a match, and always
allowed them to walk or be carried off by their second. The second was not
allowed to carry a wand onto the platform. Deceit and vengeance were prevented
in this manner.

"Many of these rules were re-introduced after the overthrow of the Ministry,"
Snape informed them, pacing the length of the platform and watching his
students eyes follow him raptly. It had been years since he held such sway
over his students. Potions was a delicate and subtle art, unsuited to most
wizards until they'd reached the patience and maturity of their thirties and
to have to teach it to children with the attention spans of a poodle was
beyond frustrating. But here was something that could penetrate their thick
skulls. Something they could comprehend and thus strive for with the
enthusiasm few would ever have for potions.

Violence.

Ritualistic and socially excepted, but violence none the less.

"Before that, dueling as a sport had been declining in both dignity and
honesty for almost fifty years. Hundreds of spells had been banned, year after
year, until finally they allowed only a selected list of about a hundred,
quelling creativity and study in favor of pandering to the whining of the
ungifted masses who were too stupid, too weak, or too uneducated to strive for
more than the most common of hexes. Safety rules were added. Then more rules.
Every year, every tournament, every match there would be a new rule added
until the only way to win was to blame your opponent for some sort of rule
violation. The sport went into decline. The true enthusiast went underground,
and the honor and prestige of a thousand year old tradition became little more
than plebeian death matches in the slums of Knockturn Alley."

He paused for dramatic effect, watching as even the jaded Potter boy leaned
forward just a little to catch his next words.

"The practice has undergone a recent revival, but it is still severely lacking
in numbers and experienced duelists. It is my hope that when you graduate
Hogwarts you will continue with it outside these walls, and bring a new
standard of quality magic and creativity to every match in which you
participate."

There was applause. Snape scowled as his student's attentions were suddenly
diverted away from him and to the two interlopers standing at the door.
Headmistress Lestrange and Professor McNair stood side by said, clapping their
hands in open mockery.

"Bravo," Lestrange said, "A rousing speech. I felt so moved."

"Aye, it was that," McNair agreed. "I don't think I've felt so moved. Makes me
long for a good match. It's been years."

"It hasn't been that long," Snape said pointedly, the reminder making McNair
hesitate, if only for a moment.

"Ah, but it does stir the blood. Come now, Professor, why don't we introduce
them to *real* dueling, eh?"

The potion's master lifted a regal brow. Certainly, McNair wasn't suggesting
they duel in front of all these students? Snape would not lose, they both knew
it, unless McNair cheated and that wouldn't gain them anything.

"Come on. Bring up a bonnie lad or lass for a demonstration. They'll get a
kick out of it."

Snape could not help but reveal a little of his surprise. So this was what
Lestrange intended. If something happened here, with these children under his
supervision, there would be little mercy shown to him. Especially if the
something that happened involved-

"Potter, why don't you come up? You've shown some skills in my class."

Harry blinked stupidly at McNair for a moment, before turning his questioning
eyes to Snape. Snape hated it. There was an implicit statement of trust in the
gesture. A blind, unconscious belief that the potion's master would not
intentionally allow harm to befall him.

But he could not protect the boy... not unless there was a serious threat of
permanent injury or death. He'd sworn that he would show no dissension between
him and McNair, and blatantly refusing him before their students and the
headmistress would break that oath. Promises meant little to him, but treaties
were another matter altogether. Break a promise and you lose trust. Break a
treaty and you could lose a great deal more.

"I have not yet begun teaching them counter curses-"

"Don't worry so much, Profess'r," McNair said, climbing onto the stage. "He's
learned some from last year, no doubt, and I've taught a few myself. I won't
use anything *too* nasty. I promise."

Snape glared daggers at the man, before stalking off the platform.

"Potter, get up there."

Anxious whispering broke out among the students, but it quickly fell silent as
Harry steeled himself and moved forward. This was bad, he knew. Voldemort was
not in the castle to protect him. Chances were, no matter how badly injured he
was, he would be healed by Madam Pomfrey and returned to classes long before
the Dark Lord returned.

Fear made his hands shake. Pride made his feet move forward. Anger kept his
gaze on McNair. The wizard leered at him, lifting his wand. Harry shifted his
stance and raised his wand in salute. McNair jerked up his wand.

"*Res*-"

"It's customary to *salute* a wizard before attacking them, Professor," Snape
interrupted, throwing the other man off completely. McNair glowered down at
the man, but raise his wand for the required salute.

"*Expeliarmus*!"

The disarming spell knocked McNair clean off his feet and very nearly off the
platform.

"Potter!" snapped Lestrange.

Harry smiled, hoping it *looked* apologetic at least. "Sorry, Professor, but
since I already saluted I thought I was allowed to start."

Snickers ran through the watching students, and even Snape's mouth twitched
just a bit.

"I haven't gone through all the rules with them either," the potion's master
said, maintaining a straight face, even as some of the snickers broke out into
full out laughter.

"*Resputia vigi!*"

Harry managed to dodge most of the spell, but it brushed against his left arm,
tearing through leather and flesh like tissue. There was a moment of shock,
followed by a splatter of blood on the platform, and soon after came pain.

"Harry!" someone cried.

"*FUCK!*"

That really *hurt*.

Snape turned to the Headmistress, "I think that's enough for-"

"*Espitalitus!*" Harry shouted, sending the wind hex flying towards his
attacker.

Bellatrix smirked. "He looks ready and willing enough."

"*Sagori malicta!*"

The unfamiliar curse tore through Harry's, hitting him directly and tossing
him up in the air like a doll. He landed heavily on his already injured arm
and felt the wound tear further. He let out a choked scream, curling over his
injured appendage instinctively.

Pain and hatred filled him as he turned his burning green eyes to McNair,
finding him raising his wand for yet another curse. It was too late for Harry
to realize that despite his obvious defeat, he had not released his wand and
by the rules of the sport the match had to continue until one of them lost
their wand or fell out of bounds of the platform. McNair sent him a malicious
grin.

"*Serpentortia!*"

From the tip of his wand flew an enormous king cobra. Summoned so violently,
it immediately reared up before Harry and flared her hood.

"*What's this? What's this? I *kill* you for treating me this way. How *dare*
I be treated this way. Queen of the Nile I am, not fucking *confetti* to be
tossed around. I kill you all!"*

Harry stared at the agitated serpent in surprise. He had not spoken to another
snake since his trip to Moaning Mytrle's bathroom last year, and he had
forgotten how bad tempered snakes were. She slithered towards him, the one
closest to her and thus the likely source of her ill treatment, and made to
strike him.

"*Wait!"* he cried, falling into parseltongue without conscious thought, *"I'm
sorry. I'm sorry you were thrown so carelessly, but I didn't do it. I would
never- I would never disrespect the Queen of the Nile!"*

The cobra stopped, she hovered over him a moment as if uncertain.

"*Princeling,"* she said, finally*, "King's little princeling... sweet tongued
child... No, no, little princeling would not treat Inana this way."*

She spun around to face the crowd of students at the platform's edge, hissing
angrily.

"*Who is it? Who must Inana kill?"*

"*There,"* Harry hissed, pointing his wand at McNair, staring stunned at them
both. *"There is the enemy of Inana*."

She was after the man in a flash. At almost eight feet long, she could not
only reach him before he could lift his wand, but raise her body up high
enough to strike his hand, his face, his neck. In these three places she
struck him in lightening succession, before retreating to leave him to his
fate. She moved back to Harry. From the corner of his eye, Harry saw Snape
lift his wand. He rolled quickly, blocking the serpent from the man's attack.

"Potter, get out of the way!"

"*Don't! Leave her alone! She didn't ask to come here!"*

"Potter, you're speaking gibberish! Move out of the way!"

He didn't move out of the way. Instead, to the surprise and horror of all, he
pocketed his wand and pulled her gently towards him. She did not resist,
curling around his uninjured arm and around his neck and shoulders.

"*It still moves,"* she hissed angrily, indicating McNair struggling to shout
out yet another curse while his air way began to slowly constrict.

Harry stood, Inana tangled around him and his bloody, useless arm hanging
limply by his side. He looked at the man who had done this to him,
pointlessly, maliciously and then summoned from her home a creature meant to
terrify and poison him. He stalked over to the man, now barely able to breath,
let alone talk and kicked him squarely in the face and clean off the platform.

From the floor, Snape made a dramatic, almost satirical gesture towards Harry,
but his eyes were fixed firmly on a still stunned Lestrange.

"The winner."
