# The Prince and the Phantom

"Still no reply from your godfather, yet?" Hermione asked, looking over
at the glum expression of her friend. Harry, who would normally be in
high spirits after his Quidditch victory over Slytherin last Saturday,
had been growing steadily more depressed.

Harry glanced around the potion's lab to make sure no one was paying
them any attention. Class hadn't started and everyone was busy finishing
conversations before Snape arrived.

"Yeah. I want to say it's all just red tape making it take so long, but
I can't help but think he's mad at me."

"Harry even if he *is* mad at you about the parselmouth thing, I'm sure
he'd write you back, even if it was to scold you. I mean you're his
godson, for Merlin's sake. Didn't he say in his first letter that he'd
probably only be able to write infrequently?"

Harry nodded, but didn't look any happier. Everything she'd said he'd
thought of before, but there was no real way of knowing until he got
another of Sirius' letters. If he ever got one again. And the not
knowing made it exhausting to think about. Hermione gave him a worried
look.

"Perhaps you should ask Professor Snape," she suggested, "He might know
what's taking so long."

As if on cue, the man appeared, stalking to the chalkboard and snapping
out instructions. Everyone immediately set about to follow his commands,
and Harry wasn't about ready to stop and ask him *anything* at the
moment other than where he kept the cedar ashes and eye of newt. As
things settled down into the more mundane processes of brewing
(stirring), Harry considered Hermione's advice. Snape was an
unpredictable man. He might answer Harry's questions, he might snap
something sarcastic at him, and he might just lie. No response was more
or less likely than the others.

What Snape felt for him, other than the standard irritation he felt for
everyone in general, was a mystery to him. There had been times when
Harry was convinced the potion's master wanted him dead, but every so
often he'd say something that made him sound almost... fond of him.
There was no telling which way his questions might be met. He thought of
asking Hermione to come with him when he talked to Snape, as he *almost*
definitely *seemed* fond or at least protective of his goddaughter..

But he couldn't. Snape had said if he dragged Hermione into any of his
troubles, particularly regarding Voldemort and his godfather, he would
make him regret it. Well bother. He'd have to do this alone. After
finishing the assignment, he dawdled with his clean up and suggested to
Hermione that she go ahead and save him a seat at the Great Hall.

"Was their something that you wanted, Mr. Potter?" Snape asked, not
bothering to look at him as he wrote out instructions for his next
class.

Now alone with the man, he felt particularly foolish for asking him for
anything. He supposed he'd feel even dumber if he just left without
asking, and went ahead.

"Um... I was wondering... do you know why it's taking so long to get a
letter back from Sirius?"

The chalk in Snape's hand suddenly snapped in half at the mention of the
werewolf's name.

"Never mind!" Harry blurted, and rushed out of the classroom. The door
slammed shut behind him without his touching it, and he wondered briefly
if it had been Snape or his own accidental magic flaring in panic. He
sighed. So much for that idea.

The corridors were empty as he made his way back towards the upper
levels. He came to the girl's lavatory and remembered he hadn't spoken
to Myrtle yet. He imagined she would be quite peeved with him for not
visiting since they'd first met, but he thought she deserved knowing she
hadn't been forgotten.

He scanned the hall, and confirming that no one was around, walked in to
the bathroom. He hadn't gone two steps before he saw something that gave
him pause. He blinked once. Twice. Rubbed his eyes.

Still there.

He walked out of the bathroom. He took a deep breath and exhaled.
Another. One more. He went back into the bathroom.

The body was still there.

It was a girl. A fifth or sixth year. He couldn't see her house badge as
she was laying face down, but he did not recognize those wide blue eyes
staring out at nothing as someone he'd met in Gryffindor. Her dark brown
hair fanned out around her head, floating in a shallow pool of water
around her body.

There was no blood.

There should have been blood. There had been blood last time. Bits of
inside on the outside. On the walls, the floor, the photographs on the
mantel. Blood on his shoes as he stepped closer to touch the smooth
cheek still warm-

Her cheek was cold. There was no blood. This wasn't last time, but the
girl was still dead. He needed to call the police.

Wait, there were not police here. No telephone to call them with. A
sudden reminder that he was wizard and had no idea what he was doing.
Who did you go to for help?

"Snape."

He walked briskly out of the bathroom and back the way he'd come. The
door was still closed, and he knocked quickly before stepping inside.
Snape favored him a rather unwelcoming look.

"I don't have a clue why your godfather doesn't write you back. Perhaps
spending all day bashing heads with Greyback means he's finally
forgotten how to read and write."

"There's a dead girl in the bathroom."

Snape blinked at him. He said nothing for a moment, frowning. Something
seemed to occur to the older wizard, and he rolled his eyes.

"Yes, Myrtle's been dead for some time now. She hasn't been invading the
boy's lavatory now, has she? That girl's almost as big of an annoyance
as Peeves was."

"No," Harry said, evenly, "In the girl's bathroom."

"Why were you in the girl's bathroom, Mr. Potter?"

Ok, perhaps he should have prioritized his statements better.

"There's a dead girl in the girl's bathroom," he repeated. "I don't know
who she is."

Snape's expression suddenly grew bored.

"Her name is Myrtle Tetherwood, Mr. Potter, just as I said. She is just
another resident ghost of Hogwarts. Since you were so curious, you'll be
happy to know you'll become well acquainted with her during your
detention tonight when scrubbing out her toilets. I expect you at seven.
Now go away."

"But- she's not- Myrtle isn't-"

"Mr. Potter, if you're not out of here in the next two seconds you'll
clean every bathroom in Hogwarts."

He left. He went to the bathroom again. She was still there. Nothing had
changed. Her unblinking eyes still regarded him dispassionately.
Stepping forward, he stared down at her. There was nothing he could do
to help her. She was already gone and nothing could be done about that.

But he couldn't leave her here. How long had she been left here already?
He had heard nothing about any missing students, but her skin was
already cold to the touch. Someone had to be looking for her by now. Her
friends had to be looking for her. He couldn't let them find her like
this. He had to hurry and tell Snape, but how could he make the man
listen? How could he say what needed to be said when he himself couldn't
seem to move beyond that single statement of fact: There's a dead girl
in the bathroom.

He tried to alter that statement and say it aloud. There's a dead girl
in the bathroom and she isn't Moaning Myrtle.

"Nngh..."

He couldn't. Not when she seemed to be looking at him as if ready to
reply.How did he say what needed to be said?

He knelt down, his hands trembling as he reached for her.

---

Snape considered making good on his threat to have Potter clean every
bathroom in Hogwarts. Technically, it had taken two *and half
seconds*for the little snot to leave the classroom. It would serve the
boy right if he not only made him clean the bathrooms, but let everyone
in the school know *why* he was being punished. It would certainly take
the wind out of Gryffindor's sails if it turned out that their star
Quidditch player was some sort of closet pervert.

He dismissed the idea. Voldemort would not be pleased with such rumors
circulating about his protégé. Besides, Potter was one of the best
chances for his dueling club's success. He was doing rather well, and
his stunt with McNair had garnered a lot of publicity. His own decision
to not allow others to join until the next semester had given the club
an air of exclusivity, a prestige that could only work in his favor when
promoting his teachings.

Although it would be nice if the brat weren't so much trouble. He did
not enjoy being a post office for his familial exchanges.

There was a knock on his door. Snape snarled, throwing down the papers
he had been grading. He had no doubt who his visitor was. Potter hadn't
been gone five minutes, and who else was dumb enough to stick around
during lunch hour? Was he trying to infuriate him or was this all just
apart of his *natural charm*?

He threw open his door, prepared to send the idiotic Gryffindor to clean
every toilet in Hogwarts, the owlery, and the stables.

"Potter! What is wrong with-"

In the dim light of the corridor, he suddenly realized how *pale* the
boy looked. Those brilliant green eyes stood out too vividly, conveying
something he had been too busy being angry to notice before. Potter took
advantage of his momentary hesitation, lifting his hand out to the older
wizard. There, laying in Potter's trembling hand where his wand should
have been, was a tuft of long brown hair.

"There's a dead girl in the bathroom."

This time, Snape knew what he really meant.

---

Harry sat in an empty classroom, nursing a cup of hot chocolate. He'd
overheard Madam Pomfry mention to a Court Sentinal that he was in shock
and the chocolate would help. Perhaps it did, but he still felt cold,
like he had just after his escape from the werewolves that summer. This
was not a feeling he cared for, but he supposed it was better than the
alternative.

A major freak out wasn't going to help anyone.

Someone had taken his statement earlier, while Snape had kept watch with
a handful of vials in his robes should he suddenly realize that he might
just as easily have been killed and start to panic or cry or feel the
need to hex something. Snape was gone now. Off to make sure the
Headmistress didn't bungle the whole investigation. His words, not
Harry's. Harry wondered if the man wasn't in shock as well, having let
slip such a thing.

Now McGonagal was there to look after him. He was glad she was there.
She'd reheated his chocolate twice for him already. While he looked into
the foamy swirls in his drinke, taking the occasional sip, she explained
what was happening. That was something no one had bothered doing in the
last three hours.

The dead girl was Cassandra Sweety, a fifth year Hufflepuff. She'd had
potions during her first period that morning, and must have been killed
shortly after class. All of the students and staff were accounted for,
and there was no sign of any other victims. Classes had been canceled.
Most of the school had been in the Great Hall during the lunch period,
and it was decided that for safety's sake no one would leave it until
the school had been searched and everyone was questioned. Chances were
no one would be returning to their dorms that night.

When she seemed to run out of things to explain, she sat there and
looked at him for a long time. He took a sip of chocolate and waited.

"Are you alright, Harry?"

Oh...Oh god, why did she have to ask that?

He suddenly wasn't cold anymore. In fact, the chocolate he'd been
drinking made him feel too hot. It swirled around in his empty stomach,
making him nauseous. He set the cup aside, and threw off the blanket
he'd been given. He walked to the far end of the class room, staring at
the empty shadows and reminding himself he had to breath more slowly. If
he kept breathing so quickly, he was going to end up hyperventilating or
worse, he might cry. He couldn't go upstairs while crying. Everyone
would see him. They would always remember and they would never let him
forget this day or the feeling that left him, although briefly, broken.

Besides, he didn't want to worry his friends. He was already worrying
McGonagall.

"I'll be fine," he managed weakly, "When can I go up with the rest. My
friends must be worried. Do they know what's happening?"

The elderly witch sighed, and smiled ever so slightly. James and Lily's
son really was a brave child. Any other child his age would have broken
down by now or else have lacked the heart necessary for sympathy. Such a
brave boy, but she couldn't help worrying about him.

"I'm sure your friends have some idea about what's happening. Secrets
don't stay secret long around Hogwarts as I'm sure you've noticed."

He smiled a bit at that.

"I'm not entirely sure how much longer they'll be. If you don't mind
being alone for a few minutes, I can go and ask to escort you up now?"

"Yes... I'll be fine."

Once she was gone, Harry used the privacy to think. The shock had worn
off, and now he was left with this feeling of dread. A girl was dead.
Someone or something had killed her. The castle wasn't, if it had ever
been, safe anymore. The Court was investigating, and he hoped they found
the culprit, but what if they didn't? Myrtle hadn't ever found out...
where was Myrtle? Surely, she must have seen what happened!

He made toward the door, thinking to call McGonagall back to ask her
about Myrtle, but he never got the chance. The door slammed open and
Lestrange stormed in. Harry took one look at the wand in her hand and
leapt to the far end of the room. She smiled grimly at his retreat.

"Why am I not surprised that you're involved in this grim affair, Mr.
Potter?"

*Involved?*

As far as Harry was concerned he wasn't *involved* in this matter beyond
being unfortunate enough to find poor Cassandra first. He hadn't done
anything wrong, and he didn't like her implying that he had.
Particularly with a pair of investigators following right behind her.

"Nothing cheeky to say?"

"Cheeky," he said, glowering defiantly.

Her face twisted into something ugly, and she stalked over to him and
seized him by the arm. Her grip was brutal, and he bit his lip to keep
from crying out as she dragged him out of the room and into the hall.
There were easily thirty wizards in official looking robes loitering
outside the bathroom, many with notepads and strange looking
instruments. They all stopped whatever they were doing to stare as he
was forced into the girl's lavatory and thrown to the wet floor. Harry
scanned the room frantically for the dead girl, but she was gone and
only a glowing green outline on the floor marked where she had fallen.

He scrambled to his feet, backing further in as Lestrange stalked in
after him, followed by Snape and a greying wizard in even greyer robes
that Harry assumed was the chief investigator. The Headmistress crossed
her arms and stared at him expectantly. Now cold, wet, and with an
aching arm, he felt no more inclined to obey her. He mimicked her stance
and stared back at her, mockingly.

Lestrange's grip on her wand tightened noticeably.

"Potter," Snape began tersely, drawing both wizard's attention. "In
order to end this matter as quickly as possible, Sentinal Mallory here
has requested the use of your 'special skill'."

Harry looked at Snape and then Mallory dumbly. How could playing
Quidditch help an investigation?

"*Parseltongue*, you nitwit," the potion's master growled, pointing to
the sink faucets with the ornamental snakes.

Oh, *that* special skill.

He glowered at the lot of them, but dutifully approached the sink. He
leaned in close, studying the immobile fixture and briefly wondered what
it was doing in the girl's bathroom anyway.

"*Hey,"* he hissed. This close, Harry could see it's tiny silver eye
open and turn to him. It's tongue flickered out to show he was
listening.

"*Did you see what happened to the girl over there? Did you see who
killed her?"*

Behind him, he heard a gasp, and figured it was Mallory.

"*Which girl?"*

Harry's eyes widened in horror. Which girl? There was more than one?

"Potter, what did it say?" Lestrange demanded.

"There's another... another girl," Harry said, his voice faint and weak,
not looking at her.

No one said anything, and after a moment he was able to collect himself
enough to continue.

"*The Hufflepuff girl who was laying on the floor. Did you see what
happened to her?"*

"It*got her,"* replied the snake. *"*It*got her, just like the other
one.*It *got them both. Got the annoying one twice. Tee hee hee..."*

Harry didn't understand what it meant. How could you *get* someone
twice. Assuming *get* meant what he thought it mean. The only way you
could kill someone twice was if the person was revived the first time
or...

"Myrtle..."

"*The King will be so pleased,"* the faucet hissed as an afterthought,
falling into it's own version of laughter. It sounded a bit like it was
choking.

"Please, don't tell me a ghost did this, Potter. Especially not that
little twerp," Lestrange said, sounding as if this was all a bad prank
and not a murder. He glowered at her, but looked to Snape when he spoke.
He may not like the man, but he trusted him somewhat and he seemed to be
taking the matter seriously.

"Where is Myrtle? She would have seen what happened. She'd be bragging
about it."

Snape said nothing for a moment, then looked over at one of the bathroom
stalls intently. Harry swallowed thickly, and walked slowly over.
Lestrange made an impatient sound.

"We brought him here to talk to the faucet, not run rampant around the
crime scene. This is pointless."

"No," Mallory said, the first time Harry had heard him speak, "I want to
see this."

Harry's hand was resting on the stall door, hesitating while he listened
to them speak, unsure if he wanted to see this. But then they remained
quiet, and he had no excuse to hold back. Gently, he pushed open the
door.

Myrtle stared right through him, her face caught in a tableau of
surprise. She would have looked rather funny if she weren't so still.
She was pale, or rather more transparent, than she had been before. She
floated in the air, bobbing faintly, and looked as if she would move to
yell obscenities at him any moment now for coming into the girl's
bathroom. He stepped back out of the stall and quietly closed the door.

"She's not dead..." he said, without thought.

"Technically, she is... she's a ghost after all," Mallory informed him.
"We think the culprit may have tried to exorcize her to eliminate
witnesses, but didn't perform it properly. She's in a fugue state."

Harry nodded, not really listening.

"Did the snake say anything about who did this?"

He thought for a moment, trying to make sense of what the faucet had
said. He couldn't make heads or tails of it, so finally just decided to
repeat it and let them figure it out.

"He said an *it* got them, not a who. He said it got Myrtle twice. He
said the King would-"

The rest of his sentence went unheard, though his lips kept moving. He
paused, confused and tried to speak again, but nothing came out. He
looked to the others, and noticed Lestrange had her wand pointed at him,
though he hadn't heard her cast a spell. But Snape had mentioned in
Dueling Club that some witches and wizards could do that. Why was she
casting Silencio on him in the first place?

Mallory hadn't seen her wand, and looked confused by his sudden cut off.
He didn't have time to figure it out as Lestrange turned to him.

"I think the rest can wait until another time. Mr. Potter should really
return to his classmates, and I must prepare for Our Lord's arrival."

Voldemort was coming back to Hogwarts?

Harry wasn't certain how he felt about that. On one hand, it was
strangely comforting having the formidable wizard looking over the
school and keep the inevitable press at bay. On the other hand, the man
would want to speak with him. Really, this constant misplacement of
himself was bound to grate on Voldemort's nerves eventually.

Mallory was protesting, clearly agitated with Lestrange's interference.
While they were busy pulling rank on each other, Snape took him lightly
by the shoulder and led him away. Not knowing what else to do, he
followed the man meekly and hoped for some sort of explanation.

As they moved past the score of wizards and witches milling about the
dungeons and up the stairs to the upper levels, he began to feel the
effects of the day's excitement. He'd missed lunch and had been in shock
for several hours, and after the confusing and troubling events in the
bathroom he was starting to feel exhausted. He let out an enormous yawn,
still silenced by Lestrange's charm, and felt his eyes droop.

Snape said nothing, but Harry knew what to expect next. As soon as they
were out of sight and hearing of the investigators but before they had
reached the Great Hall, he pulled Harry aside.

"Do not speak of what the snake said to you. In fact, I highly recommend
you forget it ever occurred. There was a flow of water from the bathroom
which you went to investigate and found Miss Sweety. You then informed
me and spent the day being questioning by investigators. That is as far
as your involvement of this investigation goes. Myrtle Tetherwood
*doesn't exist*. Is that clear?"

Harry simply nodded. This was his what? Second? Third? incident where he
had been told to censure what he knew or had seen and heard.

There was a slew of information being given to him just by Snape's
choice of things he wished him to keep silent about. He imagined it was
somehow related to Myrtle and 'the King', who ever he was, but he was
too tired to sort it all out at the moment or to consider if it was
worth the trouble wondering about. Snape stared at him for a moment,
assessing his willingness to cooperate, but finally lifted the charm.

"What happens now?"

Snape considered for a moment. "That is up to the Dark Lord."

Why wasn't he surprised? He sighed and followed Snape the rest of the
way to the Great Hall. There were two wizards standing guard outside,
and they regarded Harry and Snape suspiciously as they approached but
didn't stop them. From inside, Harry could hear the voices of many
excited students and steeled himself. Snape opened the door for him,
letting him inside but didn't follow. Harry watched the door close and
wished he hadn't been left behind.

The tables had been removed from the Great Hall, but with so many
students it was still too full. The houses were mingling without
consideration, stopping to talk and gossip and make conjectures with
whom ever would listen to them. He spotted a couple of Hufflepuff girls
crying, and his heart ached for them.

Everyone was so loud and busy, no one noticed him and he slipped through
the crowds trying to figure out what everyone knew or thought they knew.
It soon became clear that they knew someone or someones had died. It
surprised him somewhat that they all seem to think *he* was the one
who'd kicked the bucket. There were already wild rumors that Ron Weasley
had finally finished the job Whitehall and Morgenson had failed. Harry
briefly caught a glimpse of the redhead hiding amongst a protective
circle of Slytherins, clearly trying to avoid the accusations. Cassandra
Sweety's absence didn't seem to register with anyone except her own
house mates.

He searched the crowd, keeping to the dark corners of the Hall in hopes
of finding his friends before the rest of the students noticed him. He
spotted Clyde first, sulking in a corner and not talking to anyone.
Though they hadn't been on very good terms lately, he decided to let the
other boy know he was alive.

"Hey."

Clyde's eyes, which had been fixated on his shoes, shot up to meet
unmistakable green.

"Har-!"

A hand over the boy's mouth quickly muffled his cry of surprise. He
gestured to be silent and removed his hand.

"Harry," he whispered, still awed by his sudden appearance, "Everyone
keeps saying your dead. There are Court Examiners and Sentinals all over
the place! What happened to you? Are you ok?"

"I'm fine, but someone has died. Where's Hermione and the others?
They're probably worried sick."

Clyde blinked several times, trying to wrap his head around his friend's
sudden resurrection. For the last two hours, when everyone's insistence
that Harry Potter was truly dead had finally convinced him, he had been
absorbed in his own regrets. Looking back he realized what an ass he had
been to Harry. The other boy had never done anything to him, had even
befriend him and helped him with his school work. He'd been a good
friend, and Clyde couldn't say the same. So what if Harry hadn't told
him about his Parselmouth abilities? It wasn't like he'd murdered
someone!

But now Harry was back, raised from the dead, and he had come to him
first. It might have only been convenience, but he'd been such a jerk
lately and *still* Harry had come to him first to let him know he was
alive. It made his past resentment feel ridiculously insignificant.

"She's... she was here a moment ago. I think she saw McGonagall and went
to ask her what was happening. I'll help you find her."

Harry couldn't help but smile. Somehow he knew their past grievances had
been forgiven, and he was glad. Together they scanned the hall for
Hermione and finally located her near one of the side doors, talking
earnestly with McGonagal. Ginny was standing closely behind her, chewing
her fingernails nervously and clearly distressed.

They made their way to them quickly, Harry partially hidden behind Clyde
so no one else would notice him. McGonagal spotted them first, and
smiled in relief. Hermione turned quickly to see why.

She was pale and teary eyed, but she hadn't cried it seemed. Not yet
anyway. She broke out into a brilliant smile when she saw him, and
quickly grabbed Ginny to point him out to her. The little redhead's eyes
became enormous.

"Harry!"

Instantly, the noise in the great hall ceased.

Over four hundred pairs of eyes suddenly landed on the most lively
looking dead boy they had ever seen.

---

Author's Note:

Court Sentinal: Sort of like the Russian KGB and an auror combined.
Their job is basically to make sure that wizards and witches behave
themselves, but their job has some sinister implications.

Questions? Leave them in the review and I should get back to you in a
day or two.