# The Prince's Gift

Harry awoke in the infirmary. The first thought that came to him was not 'oh,
no, how badly am I hurt?' but rather 'oh, bother, not again'. He sat up, and
after a few moments of blindly groping for his glasses, took a good look at
himself. The arm that had been cut near to the bone yesterday felt perfectly
fine, and only a strange scar vaguely resembling a sword marked the existence
of the first curse. He felt a wave of anger as look down at it.

How dare that bastard leave such a mark upon his body while carrying the title
of teacher? How much worse would McNair have done if he hadn't bungled it at
the end with the snake summoning spell? It some how seemed worse than what
Morgenson and Whitehall had attempted the year before. McNair might not have
intended murder, but he intended harm with the assumption that his title as
teacher would allow him to get away with it.

He hoped he broke the bastard's nose.

A movement in the corner of his eye drew his attention to the night stand
across his bed, and he nearly jumped out of his skin. There, curled rather
snugly in a large glass jar was a great big snake, flicking her tongue at him.

"*Inana! Are you alright?*" he hissed, going over to open her jar. She
slithered out of it and into his welcoming arms, curling about his shoulders.

"*Why mussst humansss be sssooo unpleasssant?* *You left me to take a nap, and
I'm put in a jar. It'ssss *very* rude."*

"*I'm sssorry, your majesssty. I'll will try my bessst to have you sssent home
as sssoon asss possssible."*

"*You're welcome to join me, princeling. The other humansss don't ssseem to
treat you any bettersss,"* she offered. Harry smiled.

"*Perhapsss when I am a bit older I will come to visssit you, my Queen. For
now I have to deal with the rude people."*

He set her on the bed as he changed out of his hospital pajamas, and into a
fresh set of clothes that had been placed on a chair by his bed. On top of the
pile was a note.

*Potter,*

*Find a place for your limbless friend and get to class. *

*Professor Snape*

Harry rolled his eyes. At the end of his bed was a cluster of cards and candy.
According to his watch, he was suppose to be having DA&D at the moment, so he
took his time perusing his cache. Fred promised him his first born child if he
could teach him how to say 'I promise you my first born child' in
Parseltongue. Draco made serious threats about strangling him for getting
sorted into Gryffindor. Natalie said his new language was sexier than French.
Ginny wrote that he fought really well against McNair. Hermione told him to
get well soon

Harry sighed and silently gave up the hope of a perfectly normal school year.

---

With Inana comfortably situated in one of Professor Sprout's greenhouses (a
heated one that the teacher had given him permission to use), he had just
enough time to slip into potion's class without his watch setting fire to his
robes. The class, which had been chattering away, went silent as he stepped
into the door. He paused briefly, a wave of discomfort washing over him under
their curious and mistrustful stares.

*Oh well*, he thought to himself,* I expected this*.

He found an empty seat beside Clyde.

"Hey."

To this Clyde merely grunted, glowering at his notebook. Taking the hint,
Harry busied himself by studying the potion instructions on the black board.
Something bounced off the back of his head. He turned to glower at Seamus
Finnigan, who was leering at him. The boy let out a series of hissing sounds.

"So what did I say there, Potter?"

"You said 'I'm a king of the fairies. I have the pointy shoes to prove it?',"
Harry replied, looking perfectly serious even if his answer was as nonsensical
as the boy's attempt at parseltongue. Seamus flushed as several nearby
Slytherins snickered. Draco and Ron weren't among the amused.

"Geez, Potter, why the hell did you end up in Gryffindor when no one likes you
but Slytherins," the embarrassed boy snapped.

Harry couldn't come up with a witty reply to that. It was perfectly good
question. Hermione hadn't spoken to him days, Clyde was now following her
example, and none of the other second year Gryffindors looked ready to defend
him at the moment.

"Shut up, Finnigan. Just because you said something stupid, don't take it out
on Harry."

Hermione was sneering at Finnigan like he was something distasteful. It was
the first time Harry had seen such an expression on her face in almost a year,
and it was jarring how *scary* it looked on her. Lestrange would have even
been impressed. Finnigan looked momentarily disconcerted, but he was still
angry enough to foolishly keep talking.

"How can you defend him? He's been lying to us for over a year!"

Hermione sniffed. "He hasn't done anything of the sort. So what if Harry
didn't tell anyone about it first year? Everyone was just *so* understanding
and friendly with him, I suppose he should be spilling his guts about every
little thing? Besides, he told me about it the summer we met, and McGonagal
knew too. If our own Head of House didn't think it was anyone's business, than
obviously it *wasn't*. For Merlin's sake, he's just a parselmouth. It's not
like he's suddenly turned into a *vampire* or something."

Everyone just stared at her stupidly, Harry being among them.

"That's... Well, he...it's a *Slytherin* trait!" Seamus struggled to find a
retort.

"Circumstantial. It's a blood line trait. Just because the few parselmouths we
know about were in Slytherin, doesn't mean they all were or that such a trait
determines their House. In fact, Harry just proved that isn't the case. And
just for the record, *I* am rather fond of Harry, so keep your presumptuous
statements to yourself."

Finnigan looked too thrown to say much of anything. Clearly, he hadn't been
prepared for his teasing to be turned into a full out debate. He was spared
having to respond by Professor Snape stalking in.

"Mr. Potter, how good of you to join us. Since you should be particularly well
rested after your nap in the infirmary, you can help me demonstrate the proper
way to prepare cattails for boiling. You remember how to do that, I hope? I do
recall you spending over two hours on it in your last detention."

Harry turned a bit pink, but moved to the front to do as instructed while the
potion's master lectured. From the front he could look directly at Hermione,
and tried to convey with his eyes alone a sincere 'thank you'. Hermione nodded
in acknowledgment, and after making sure no one was observing her, she gave
him a little smirk.

---

No one in the second year class was talking to Harry except Hermione. This was
fine with Harry since the only second year he truly cared about talking to him
*was* Hermione. Oh it definitely stung to be on the outs with his classmates
again, more so since Draco and consequently Natalie (who didn't *really *look
upset with him if her wicked smile was anything to go by) were avoiding him as
well. Clyde, the only Gryffindor Harry felt was entitled to feel
betrayedwasn't even looking to him. It sadden Harry a bit, but he'd never
regarded Clyde as a steadfast friend like Hermione. His willingness to abandon
Harry for the crowd last year had not been forgotten.

A multitude of harmless pranks started occurring shortly after his release
from the infirmary; garden snakes in his desk, his black school robes being
turned green, whispered hisses as he passed groups of students, and a barely
avoided hex that gave Percy Weasley a forked tongue for half a day. The
Weasley twins had a few pranks of their own, but mostly things even Harry
could laugh about. The stuffed snake wrapped around his broom singing '*I may
not have armsss, but I can still hug youuu... I may not have wingsss, but I
can still flyyyyy... I may not have lipsss*, *but I can still ssssing' *was
pretty funny. When the pranks persisted into next week, however, they seemed
to take it as a personal affront.

"I'm all for a good prank or two," George said, "But it's bad taste to stick
to one person for a long time. That's just bullying. We better set these
blighters right, yeah Fred?"

"You are correct, my devilishly handsome brother."

The pranks had quickly diminished, but the silence and accusatory looks
hadn't. Conversely, those Slytherins that had been rather distrustful and
resentful of Harry before had become positively *congenial*. Hufflepuff and
Ravenclaw were just curious mostly (particularly Ravenclaw, where several
students had requested demonstrations he had sternly refused).

Only Hermione's forgiveness and support made it all tolerable.

"They're just embarrassed," Hermione explained while looking over Harry's
potion's homework. "They were so convinced they figured you out by now, that
they're embarrassed to have missed something so important. They think you were
laughing at them."

"If that's the case, then they're going to be hating me routinely. They don't
know anything about me."

The only good thing to come out of the entire dueling fiasco was Madam
Umbridge. The toady woman whom he'd met only briefly at St. Mungo's last
summer had been called in to 'help' supervise the class... or rather, to
supervise McNair. The *poor* man had very nearly died from Inana's several
bites, and spent several days in St. Mungo's. When he'd finally returned it
was with his new *assistant*, who did very little to assist in any thing.
Every barb, every instruction, every choice of subject, *every* little thing
the man attempted to do in the class was met with a disparaging little 'hmm-
hmm', that had him cringing every time.

Nothing was getting taught, but no one was getting hurt either, so Harry
considered it a major improvement even if the woman did annoy the hell out of
him. Harry had no idea who summoned Umbridge to look after McNair. He wanted
to say Snape, but he didn't have the authority. He doubted Lestrange would
bother putting a leash on the man she had *known* was a monster before she'd
hired him. That only left Voldemort, but how much could he know about what was
happening in Hogwarts? He hadn't been seen since the Welcoming Feast, and his
only contact with the school would have been through the Headmistress, right?

He was entertaining the possibility of somehow asking Snape on his way to
Dueling Club when Tom stopped him in the hall.

"Hey, Harry," the older boy said, looking quite serene.

"Oh hey, Tom, I haven't seen you in a while."

"Yes, and I feel quite bad about that, what with you being hurt and all. I
meant to visit earlier, but you seemed busy every time that I saw you."

"Don't worry about it. Madam Pomfrey is good at her job. I'm fine now."

"Just the same I thought I should check on you. You're House doesn't seem to
be very understanding lately."

Harry ignored the stab of pain that statement made, and smiled reassuringly.

"I don't care what most of them think anyway. Everyone whose opinion *really*
matters has already forgiven me or never held it against me in the first
place."

Tom didn't look very convinced, but he smiled back anyway.

"Yes, I suppose a situation like this is best for determining who your *real*
friends are. I take it Granger and you have made up?"

"Yeah- hey, how did you know we were fighting before?"

At that Tom chuckled and his smile became a bit more natural. "You Gryffindors
are hardly subtle. *Everyone* can tell when you two have had a row."

Harry ducked his head and shuffled his shoes, feeling unduly embarrassed.
While it wasn't something he thought about consciously, he admired Tom. He
couldn't put his finger on it, but there was something about the Slytherin
boy's attention that was so flattering. It wasn't just that he was older or
even that he was quickly becoming the most popular boy in his House, but there
was something about his self confidence that made his confidence in Harry seem
so much more reliable. He felt he was capable of things he hadn't been when
Tom spoke to him. Even his teasing sounded like encouragement to Harry.

"Well, we *are *best mates," Harry admitted, moving the conversation along
before he started blushing like a ninny again. "We spend so much time together
I guess it's hard to pretend when nothing's wrong."

Tom placed a hand on his shoulder. "I'm glad you made up, Harry. You two seem
to have a special connection and it would be a pity to lose that. But next
time you two are on the outs, remember she's not your *only* friend. I'm here
if you ever need to talk."

The older boy's eyes were suddenly so intense, Harry felt frozen, unable to do
anything other than nod in agreement until Tom removed his hand started to
walk away.

"You better hurry or Snape will make you do demonstrations."

---

Tom listened to Harry's footsteps as the boy hurried on his way. Briefly, he
wondered if he hadn't over done it. Harry didn't know that much about him
after all, and their conversations had been extremely limited. Had he thought
Tom presumptuous? Or even a little creepy? He dismissed these ideas quickly.
The boy had been smiling, albeit timidly, so obviously he had been flattered
like was suppose to be.

Satisfied that Harry wasn't suspicious, Tom decided to consider this meeting a
success. He had provided Harry future opportunities to seek out his company of
his own volition and Harry, still being a bit naive, would take his words
regarding that mudblood Granger at face value.

The smile he had been wearing fell like a ton of bricks, leaving his
expression cold and cruel.

Granger.

Harry's *best mate*.

That simply would not do.

---

September passed into November. As Quidditch season rolled around, most of the
Gryffindors seemed to forget that they were supposedly mad at Harry and
started giving him encouragements like 'Good luck on your first match, Harry!'
and 'Show those Slytherins how to fly, Potter!'. It was *very* tempting say
something like 'Aren't I too Slytheirn to be playing for Gryffindor? If I won,
wouldn't it still be a Slytherin victory?'. Hermione pinched him whenever he
seemed on the verge saying something so pointless.

"Just let it drop, Harry. They were wrong, they know they were wrong, and
they'll continue to be wrong until you start acting like they said you would."

So he let it slide, but once again ignored any further attempts at friendship.
It was just like Snape's view of dueling club stragglers: *They had their
chance and let it slip by*. Clyde was still ignoring him, and Harry let him.
It would be a lie to say he didn't miss the other boy's company, but some
things were more important. Draco got over it pretty quickly, although Harry
suspected it was because he wanted help with some of the snake-related objects
scattered around the Slytherin common room. Harry didn't make any promises.
Natalie kept teasing him to *'hisss sssweet nothingsss' *in her ear. Ron was
Ron, and there wasn't much that could be done to improve that.

Harry found he was even busier than last year. In addition to Quidditch
practices and tougher assignments, there was now Dueling Club as well.
Practices were only held once a week, but Snape had been promising them
matches soon and Harry was going the extra mile to make sure there wasn't a
repeat of his last duel (his blood splattering the platform, not the winning
part). His duel with McNair was quite infamous (and not just because he
blurted out parseltongue either), and though half the club was too afraid to
stand on the platform with him there were still a few Slytherins looking
forward to earning a reputation by defeating him. Draco and Ron were the most
eager to try, although a cocky fourth year was probably the biggest threat.

"Maybe you should just lose," Hermione said during one of their practices, "If
you keep winning then people are just going to keep trying harder and harder
until they beat you. You could get seriously hurt."

"It's not that different from what I have to do in Quidditch. I face serious
injury every time I climb on a broom, but I can't let fear keep me from doing
by best. Besides, being a *lousy* duelist sounds more dangerous than being a
*good* one."

She wasn't convinced, and truthfully he knew his example was unsatisfying. She
hated him flying on the Quidditch team as much as she hated him dueling. He
knew it was because she cared more about his safety than his pride and he
didn't fault her logic, but neither could he bring himself to adopt her
philosophy. The pride was there to stay..

So when he wasn't practicing Quidditch, drawing, or doing regular homework he
was studying spells for future matches. This wasn't something he could do
during normal study group, since so many of his potential opponents were there
as well. He usually ended up studying with the Weasley twins. They too were in
Dueling Club, although at varsity level, and despite their goof ball personas,
they were a veritable library of curses, hexes, counter curses, tricks, and
techniques. He felt a bit bad about taking up their free time, but they seemed
so happy that their 'god of chaos' was actually accepting a bit of their
tutelage that he quickly got over it. When Draco had seen some of the spells
he'd been taught used on dummies during Dueling Club, his cocky smirk dimmed a
little. Even Snape had raised a curious brow.

With Voldemort at the other end of Britain and no one else able to offer him a
solution, Harry had no means to send Inana home and had to content himself
with making her as comfortable as possible. She seemed to enjoy the heated
green house well enough, and he occasionally brought her to his dorm room for
conversations (and to freak out his dorm mates when they were being
particularly bothersome). Bilgerat, who had been rather scarce lately to begin
with, disappeared for almost a week the first time he brought her up.

All of this Harry related in a letter to his godfathers, including the fact
that he was a parselmouth and had known about it before he'd met them. As much
as he would have liked to keep it a secret, he didn't think he could bare it
if they'd learned he had pretty much lied to them from a little snippet in the
gossip column of* Wizarding Weekly*. They deserved better than that. At the
same time he was terrified about what their reply would be.

His next letter, he resolved, would revolve heavily around his next Quidditch
victory over Slytherin... and perhaps a request for a full suit of armor for
Christmas. First though, he had to get down to the pitch for practice before
he was late. After handing off his first letter to Snape, the potion's master
had shamelessly read it and proceeded to check it over as if though it were an
essay, complete with little red marks pointing out spelling and grammar
mistakes as well as any material the man didn't think his godfathers should be
privy to (this included the dueling incident with McNair and Voldemort being
in Bristol). Then he had Harry rewrite the whole thing, proofread the second
version, and made him do it again. By the time he had finished a letter to the
man's meticulous specifications, his watch was already starting to grow
uncomfortably warm.

"Bloody, rotten, big-nosed..." Harry muttered as he stalked his way through
the dungeons. "Just wait till he and I have a duel... turn him into a *real*
vulture..."

He passed Moaning Murtle's bathroom and pondered stopping in for a quick
'hello', but decided against it. He was late enough as it was, and if he
showed up now she'd likely go into a long monologue about no one liking her
and how he never visits.

Well, it's not like she couldn't leave. It would certainly be easier for her
to visit him up in Gryffindor tower than it would him visiting her in the
girl's lavatory. There was enough gossip flying around about him as it was.

"*Stupid little girl..."*

Ok, he wouldn't go *that* far. She was just...

Wait a second.

Harry turned around. He looked at the ground and the ceiling. There was no one
there. Had it been him who really thought that? It didn't feel right, but...

"Ouch!"

His watch was starting burn in his breast pocket. As much pain as the silly
thing caused him, it was a wonder he was so fond of it. He cursed under his
breath and made a dash for the stairs, forgetting the strange incident
entirely.
