# Epilogue

Hermione looked exhausted when Harry visited her two days after her
hospitalization. The stark white of her hospital pajamas made the
shadows under her eyes more vivid. That was suspicious in the young
parselmouth's opinion, as she could have been released the same day as
her abduction but had been held much longer to 'rest' without visitors,
except for Narcissa Malfoy.

He had passed the aristocrat in the halls after another failed attempt
to see Hermione, and she had stopped him for a few moments. She hadn't
said a word, merely pulled him aside gently with a touch to his
shoulder. Her expression was neutral, but her eyes were intense when
they looked down at him. For the life of him, he couldn't unravel the
knot of emotions behind her gaze, but the soft touch on his cheek seemed
to convey a sort of gratitude she would not or could not speak.

"I don't know why I'm so tired," Hermione groused, frustrated to have
been separated not only from classes but the newspaper as well. She
didn't voice her complaints directly, believing her stay practical and
therefore beyond reproach, but the lack of mental stimulus didn't sit
well with her.

"You're probably just bored," Harry offered, though he didn't believe it
himself. "They'll release you tonight or tomorrow for sure. I heard
Angelina and Colin will be back in class by third period."

"Oh, that's good," she said, curiosity peaked, "I'm surprised about
Angelina though. I thought she wouldn't be back until next April. Did
they find some acumantula anti-venom somewhere?"

Harry frowned.

"What are you talking about?"

"You know, the anti-venom?" she said slowly, as if it would make sense
if he thought it through. He tried, but unless she was speaking in
euphemisms (and it didn't sound like she was), he had no idea what she
meant. "To cure the acrumantula bite?"

Harry could only stare, until a sudden feeling of dread passed over him.

"Hermione... what do you remember about your attack?"

She huffed and rolled her eyes, impatience clear in her every gesture.

"Harry can me talk about that later? I've had to explain it over a dozen
times already, and I'm going to have to explain it a hundred more times
to the rest of school when I get out of here. Can we just wait until all
of our friends are together? It's not that interesting a story anyway."

Not wanting to provoke her while she was already in a mood, he
approached from a different angle.

"... I don't know. I've never seen a boggart before."

She shrugged.

"Lucky you. I thought poltergeists were bad, but *that* was ten times
worse. I'm never going to be able to open a cupboard again without
flinching... Harry, are you all right? Did I say something wrong?"

Her friend's expression was suddenly tight, almost pained. He shook his
head.

"No, it isn't you. I skipped an appointment and now my watch is burning
a hole in my pocket. Sorry, I have to go. I'll see you later."

He was up and out the door before she could even form a possible theory
for his abrupt departure, and minutes later she could still think of
nothing. Perhaps, indeed, he was running late for an appointment. After
all, she couldn't imagine what she might have said to upset him.

It wasn't like he hadn't heard the story of the boggarts before.

---

Harry's entrance into the potion's lab was loud and melodramatic, and
thus rather irritating to the already irritated potion's master. Snape
had just finished up a rather abysmal session with his fifth year
Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws, who were still recovering from their holiday
sloth and sifting through vials filled with varying shades of red (and
in one instance purple, stupid Hufflepuff), when the cheeky little
bugger slammed open his door.

"What did you do to Hermione?!" the Gryffindor demanded.

Snape cast him a reproving glare, taking in the boy's ruffled and sweaty
appearance. He must have run from the infirmary all the way down to the
dungeons.

"Ten points from Gryffindor for disrespecting a teacher and another ten
points for running in the halls," Snape said smoothly, returning his
attention to the vials, tossing half of them in basket he reserved for
automatic 'Troll's.

"What did you *do?*" Harry hissed, lower and more threatening and in
Snape's opinion rather silly. Basilisk slaying aside, the twelve year
old had a long way to go before he could intimidate him. He smirked at
the child, his eyes fierce in the gloom of his own lair. Predictably,
the Gryffindor lost some of his nerve and stepped back a fraction. The
door behind Harry slammed shut, startling him badly.

"I did as I was *ordered* to do, and more importantly, what *needed* to
be done. After you signed that contract to ensure your silence, did you
believe anyone else might be spared that precaution? I dare say Hermione
got off easier than you. 'Ignorance is bliss' as the saying goes."

Harry grit his teeth, biting back his initial impulse to swear horrid
things at the man.

"She has a right to know the truth. She almost *died*."

"And how, precisely, Mr. Potter, do you suppose knowing that would help
her in any way? Would the death-that-almost-was ease her heart, clear
her thoughts, thrill her? Did your brushes with death leave you a better
person? Or is it that you wish her to know that you saved her? Her brave
prince come to her rescue. And here I thought your mother's influence
had smothered that Potter conceit."

"You're a fine one to talk! Screwing around with our memories and our
free will for 'our own good'! What a load of swill. You did it because
it got you and yours off the hook!"

Snape glared pointedly at Harry, then checked his watch.

"Your first punishment wasn't suppose to be until after dinner, but
since you're here already, why don't we get started. *Expelliarmus!*"

Harry's wand flew from his grasp and straight to Snape, who snatched it
out of the air and locked it in a desk drawer in one smooth motion. The
young Gryffindor had only a moment to realize the trouble he had landed
himself in, before the potion's master was stalking towards him. He
retreated instinctively, but soon found himself trapped at the door.
Snape loomed over him, his expression cold and menacing.

"Mr. Potter, despite your precocious behavior, you are twelve, not
thirty two or even twenty two. Twelve. A child only. You lack both the
experience and the understanding to accept full responsibility over
yourself and your actions. If you did, you would have obeyed me when I
told you to remain outside the Headmistress' office."

"You were going to let Hermione die!" Harry snarled angrily.

"I would have done nothing of the sort!"

Snape flicked his wand at the chalk board and two large red circles
appeared about two feet from each other.

"I would have found and rescued my goddaughter without your meddling,
regardless of the Headmistress' orders. Instead, I was forced to pursue
you without a true plan or additional assistance. Take off your robe and
your shirt, and place your hands on the circles."

"What?"

Harry cringed, his anger fleeing in the face of Snape's unexpected
wraith. In his own self-righteous indignation it hadn't occurred to the
boy that his accusations would be met with any sort of retaliation.
Before his horrified eyes, he watched Snape transfigure his wand into a
bamboo cane.

"I promised you a beating, Mr. Potter. Don't you recall? I certainly
haven't forgotten. I believe ten lashes should be adequate. Unless you
wish to dally, I can always had another five or ten."

"I saved Hermione!" he objected. Snape wasn't impressed.

"You *died*, Mr. Potter. If I had been as apathetic as you had believed
or even a mere minute or two late, you would still be dead and so might
Hermione. Undress. Hands on the circles. Now."

There was no talking Snape out of his course, and though Harry felt no
regret for his actions he had no choice but to accept punishment for
them. With trembling fingers, he unhooked his school robe, his vest, and
the white dress shirt underneath, folded them roughly and set them on a
lab station. His trembling turned to real shivers as the chill of the
dungeon air seeped into his dampening skin. With one last hate fill
glare at Snape, he placed his hands on the circles. The potion's master
moved behind him.

"Despite what you may believe, I'm not doing this out of
vindictiveness," Snape said coolly. Harry snorted, and scowled at his
hands. "I appreciate what you tried to do for my goddaughter, but she
was not your responsibility. You had no right to risk your life for
hers."

Harry twisted back to snap about his right to decide what do with his
own life, but the cane came down with a harsh crack, the sudden burning
pain robbing him of his words. He faltered, instinctively jerking away,
but his hands would not come free of the red spots and he could neither
retreat nor turn around. A second strike landed higher up his back
brought out a startled yelp.

"Potter, hold still. Retain a little dignity."

"Why are you doing this? I don't get it! I don't understand!" he cried,
struggling to get free.

A hand grabbed him harshly by the back of the neck, stilling him
instantly. Inexplicably, he was reminded of Voldemort and his random
piques of temper.

"Hold still. When we are done I will try and explain it in a way any
simpleton or a Gryffindor, which ever is dumber, might understand."

The painful hold on his neck withdrew, and despite his renewed range of
movement, Harry held himself still and tense. He didn't have to wait
long as the third strike landed, followed shortly by another and
another. Gritting his teeth, he bore it as stoically as he could,
holding his breath lest his choking sobs break free.

It was over faster than he would have thought, and his hands were
suddenly free. He leaned heavily on the chalk board, the pain now
secondary to a sudden weakness and nausea. Gently, he reached behind
himself to touch his back, expecting to feel blood but found only
bruises in the making. Snape moved towards him, and he scrambled away
quickly

The bamboo cane was gone, his wand out of sight, and in its place he
held out Harry's shirt. The boy eyed him suspiciously for a moment
before snatching it out of his hand. His back throbbed at the sudden
movement, and protested when he lifted his arms to redress himself, but
like hell he was going to ask *Snape* to help him.

The potion's master watched Harry critically, determining how well this
round of discipline had gone. Not well it seemed. Far from contrite, the
child was angry now, perhaps angrier than he had been when he had first
arrived. He let the child redress in silence and ignored the less than
subtle swipe of sleeve under his glasses.

"Are you calm?"

The glare Harry gave him could have melted stone, but Snape continued
anyway.

"Rules are made for a reason, Mr. Potter, as are my commands. We sent
the students to their dorms for their safety, and I had you wait in the
corridor for *your* safety. You disobeyed me, and you *died*. Do you
understand that, Mr. Potter? Have you any concept of what that means, to
be dead? You seem to think that means you got a little bump on the head
and were knocked unconscious, but that isn't what happened. You stopped
breathing. Your heart stopped. Your spirit was slowly lifting out of
your body to be lost forever."

Harry swallowed. He knew that, all of it. He knew it but he couldn't
think about that. How could anyone expect him to sit through classes or
laugh with his friends or just live in general with the knowledge that
he had been dead?

"Things may have turned out for the better in this instance, but don't
you dare think such reckless behavior is always rewarded by fate. It
will never be rewarded by me. If you ever find yourself in a position to
disobey a rule or command laid down with the interest of your or anyone
else's safety in mind, I want you to remember what happened just now,
and know that I will double the number of lashes for every time this
lesson must be repeated. Is that understood?"

Harry, a bit more contrite now, nodded. Snape glared.

"Is that understood?"

"Y-yes, Sir."

"Then you may go for now. You have another detention this Saturday at
eight. I wouldn't recommend eating much."

His wand was returned along with the rest of his clothing. The door to
the lab fell open as if opened by a breeze, and Harry scurried out as
quickly as he could without actually running. The door slammed shut
behind him, leaving Harry sore, angry, and more then a little bewildered
about what had happened.

---

Tom oozed out from Slytherin's portrait with his usual grace, belying
the nervousness he felt. Umbridge was dead, and he had removed all
evidence she had left of his involvement from McNair's and Umbridge's
quarters respectively. Granger still lived, which was regrettable, but
he wasn't in any hurry to dispose of her before he had completely
unraveled himself from the knot Harry had made of his scheme.

Voldemort had already called him to his office days ago, forcing him to
wait in a virtual limbo within the painting as he completed his meetings
with Lestrange, Snape, and then Harry. Tom felt his blood boil recalling
the ease with which his older counterpart had charmed his 'mother' from
his shell shocked state to one of a wide-eyed child. His anger only
escalated when he saw the Dark Lord gently deny Harry's ownership of
Gryffindor's Sword, which by all rights belonged to the child. So many
things belonged to Harry that Voldemort had denied him, and Tom wanted
nothing more than to pull the younger boy aside and explain all the
wrongs that had been committed against him by the man he so admired.

But Tom could do nothing but wait and watch and seethe impotently.
Today, wouldn't be any different. The Dark Lord was heading to London to
oversee the Wizengamot's latest legal revisions (Voldemort had been
tossing out so many old laws there was talk that the Book of Laws might
be reduced to one hundred volumes from the twelve hundred it had been
during the rule of the Ministry), and wished to see him for his latest
batch of instructions or merely to be annoying.

"I'm having McNair arrested," Voldemort said, skipping over the
pleasantries neither of them cared for. Tom raised a curious brow.

"Hardly a loss, but why?"

"Precisely because it's no loss. Umbridge was supposed to be his
guardian, and the fact that he needed one at all is a testament to his
uselessness. Besides, without him here no one will question that woman's
absence, nor will I have to worry about his increasingly traitorous
mutterings. Umbridge wasn't the only one to report his attitude
problem."

Tom snorted. Only the Dark Lord would label psychopathic tendencies as
an 'attitude problem'.

"Quirrell will be returning. Unenthusiastic, but harmless and easily
charmed. You might consider 'befriending' him. He would make a good spy.
Lestrange and Snape overlook him too easily."

A twinge of discomfort ran through Tom, not at the prospect of using
Quirrell, but at the similarity of his using Umbridge for the exact same
thing. He studied Voldemort intently for signs of mockery or suspicion,
but all he saw was a distracted boredom. He hadn't even looked up from
the document he was reviewing.

"I will keep that in mind. Is there anything else?"

"Just the usual. I should be back at the end of the year to see how
things went."

Tom nodded, and left without waiting to be dismissed. Once he had
disappeared through the portrait, Voldemort smirked. From under his
chair, Pettrigrew scurried and climbed into a chair where he promptly
turned back into a man. He eyed the portrait suspiciously, but settled
soon enough.

"I don't understand why you don't just kill him," Pettigrew muttered. "I
told you what I heard."

Oh, and what horrific things he had heard. The little line of conquests
hadn't been the worst of it (in fact Pettigrew had enjoyed that part of
his spying a bit too much), nor had the long rants about mudbloods,
Voldemort, *Wizarding Weekly*, or the inventor of the floo network. No,
what was worst of all were the moments Tom actually appeared sane,
talking quietly to himself as he sketched out his plans of murder and
betrayal and treason. Pettigrew had to sit soundlessly and listen to it
all in excruciating detail, right down to the death of mudblood children
and a slew of teachers. Whatever Tom was, and he was increasingly
convinced the boy wasn't human, it was obvious he was ambitious, insane,
and deadly.

Voldemort made an annoyed gesture, commanding him to silence, and
ignored the question. There was no point to killing Tom at the moment.
His death or rather his disappearance, could not be easily explained and
would create more panic just as things were beginning to settle down.
No, Tom was safe.

For now.

---

The biting chill of January and Febuary gave way to a unusually early
spring, and with it Harry felt released from the lingering anxiety of
winter. Despite the death of the basilisk and the danger it presented,
it took weeks for Harry to stop expecting mysterious voices and danger
in the gloomy halls. His dreams had been unsettling, if not exactly
nightmarish (though he had plenty of those too), filled with desperate
searches for Hermione or someone else that never ended and whispers from
the dark corners of the castle.

McGonagall had been hovering since his release from the hospital, and in
a strange way so had Snape, except Snape's 'hovering' involved
detentions. Lots and lots of detentions, just as he had promised. He
thought they might have suspected his uneasiness, yet neither had said
anything directly. But as the days lengthened, and Snape's restrictions
were lifted, Harry found himself outside more and more often, enjoying
the openness and freedom a ride on a broom or a walk around the lake
presented.

"And Potter catches the Snitch! Gryffindor wins the match!"

Harry circled the arena, snitch in hand as the crowd cheered (or groaned
in the case of the Ravenclaws) before landed. His teammates had him
quickly surrounded, smacking him on the back. Angelina gave him a peck
on the cheek, which had the Weasley twins demanding kisses from her too.

A week after the death of the basilisk all of the petrified students had
been cured, and their memories rearranged. Angelina was made to remember
only stopping in the hall to check her make-up and a sharp pinch in her
leg, supposedly the bite of an acrumantula. Collin remembered nothing
after leaving the hall, but that was explained away as the result of a
concussion from falling down a flight of stairs. Even Myrtle had
returned to her bathroom convinced she had been badly pranked, and Harry
had been sure to bring her a bouquet of dried flowers to wish her well.
He sort of wishes he hadn't, as she now seemed utterly infatuated with
him.

"Wait to go, Harry!" Hermione called from the bleachers as he passed her
on the way to the showers. She was smiling and waving beside Ginny,
wrapped in her cloak against the last of the April chill. Harry smiled
and waved back at her, though his expression dimmed a bit as he was
pulled out of sight.

Hermione remembered nothing about the basilisk. And he literally meant
*nothing*. Her attack was nothing more than an unexpected awakening in
the infirmary and the second hand story of a boggart. The days previous
spent searching through ancient tomes and old newspaper articles for the
truth were simply gone. Stolen by her own godfather.

Harry had resented him for that at first. Clyde and Ginny might still
remember, but it was Hermione whom he wished to have shared his
adventure with. Yet, she had been happier since she'd forgotten, less
stressed about the school and about Harry. Harry and his fellow
conspirators had each attempted at one point to tell her the truth, but
soon realized she had more to lose from the realization than gain. In
the end, Harry let her be and hoped it was for the best.

Besides, there was one other he had shared the entire fiasco with...
with a few tiny rearrangements to protect his friends' names. Voldemort
now knew everything, and Harry hoped the man had shared everything he
knew with Harry. The Dark Lord had been so proud, he had commissioned an
actual painting to commemorate the event (even though it would have to
remain hidden for another seventy-five to a hundred years). It hadn't
been as exciting as it initially sounded. Serving three weekends of
'detention' in the Chamber of Secrets posing for said painting was *not*
fun.

Although it *did* beat the next four weekends and half a dozen evenings
of detentions under Snape's supervision. On the bright side, if such a
side existed in the dungeons, Harry had found his Unsilencing Bell and
was now the most skilled dissector of all things squirmy and slimy that
could be used in a potion. He could render a flubberworm into all six
useful components before half the class could identify the head.

Hogsmeade weekends, unsupervised extra curricular activities,
reinstatement of the old curfew, and of course Quidditch all returned to
Hogwarts. It was too late in the season for official tournaments to
resume in Quidditch, but the teams had engaged in several mock
tournaments with volunteer students as referees, commentators, and score
keepers. Harry enjoyed several victories when Snape wasn't putting his
growing skills with a parring knife to work in the dungeons, which meant
Harry hadn't played a single one on one with Slytherin *at all* that
semester.

Bastard.

Ron Weasley was now Junior Captain of the Dueling Club.

Spawn of the Bastard.

The title didn't mean much at the moment, since there wouldn't be any
dueling tournaments until at least next school year, but that didn't
stop the goon from gloating whenever he got the chance. Snape had not
let them have a rematch, despite their mutual insistence. The Dueling
Master said they set a bad example when they fought against each other.
Harry assumed that meant Ron was a cheating little twat when a duel
wasn't going his way. They were still locked in a Cold War, but the
Slytherin Weasley was noticeably less reckless with his provocations.
Draco, my contrast, was positively mutinous when it came to taking
orders from his *Captain*. Their duels were almost as bad as Harry's had
been. Almost.

Not all things returned to normal, though that wasn't necessarily a bad
thing. McNair was gone. The official story was that he was dismissed
because of his negligence in securing the boggart, as well as earlier
instances of questionable conduct. No one inquired about Umbridge. They
assumed she was dismissed with McNair and no one was sorry to see her
go. Harry knew of her bloody end, and though he didn't pity her he
wished Voldemort had spared him the details.

Quirrel took over DA&D class again. Rumors of his demise had apparently
been exaggerated, and after half a year of retirement he was looking
decidedly refreshed. It probably didn't hurt that the entire students
body had stood up and applauded as if he were super star when his return
was announced during breakfast. Harry had never seen the man look so
flattered.

"Wait to go, Harry," Oliver Wood congratulated as he help secure their
brooms in their special cupboards. "Too bad about all those detentions
though. The substitute Seeker just isn't up to par when we face the
Slytherins."

"Thanks, Captain," Harry said. "Next year, I'm following the straight
and narrow. No more detentions for me. We'll win the Cup again for
sure."

"No! Say it isn't so!" Fred cried, rushing from his shower with only a
towel on, still covered in suds. "Our Lord of Chaos can't *retire!"*

"What's going on, Fred?" George asked, wandering over damp and still
shirtless from his shower.

"It's awful! He's *retiring!*"

"NOOOOOoooooooooo-"

"Guys, calm down," Harry begged.

"-ooooooooooooooo-"

"Chaos will survive with out me."

"-ooooooooooooooo-"

"George, will you...?"

"-oooooooooooooo-"

"Please-"

"-ooooOOOooooOOoooOOooooooooooOOOOOOOOOoooo-"

"ALRIGHT, I'LL BLOW SOMETHING UP NEXT YEAR!"

"-oooooOkay."

Fred turned to his twin. "You're a genius."

George nodded, and grinned smugly as he went to finish dressing, leaving
Harry and Oliver to stare after him, dumbfounded.

Impending doom or not, some things never changed.

---

Spring bloomed into summer, illuminating the Scottish country side in
rich dark greens and splashes of wild flower color. Harry, Hermione,
Clyde, Ginny, Draco, and Natalie abandoned the castle and the stuffy
Great Hall for lunch down by the lake. It was only two days until they
would all go their separate ways for the summer, and they decided to
forego the mad dash of activity for what Draco described as 'less
plebian' endeavors.

Harry wasn't sure how hanging out with your friends by the lake was any
different than hanging out with your friends in the Great Hall or the
Library, but he wasn't too concerned. They were all comfortable and
drowsy, lounging on their giant checkered blanket after eating too many
sweets. The Lacsa-Daisy tree (a magical tree that bloomed a different
type of flower every ten days from May to August) provided them with
shade, semi-privacy, and a gentle rain of soft blue petals whenever the
breeze blew just right.

Hermione was currently lecturing Clyde on his abysmal (in her opinion)
study habits and the need to improve next year or suffer the
consequences, and he was dutifully ignoring her in favor of playing
cards with Ginny. Harry was sketching Draco and Natalie playing chess
and discussing, of all things, politics.

"I still have no idea what that press conference was all about," Harry
lamented, "I mean, I get all the new jobs for unskilled workers thing,
but exactly *what* are they doing? And what does 'British Assembly of
Cultural Preservation and Defense' mean? Your father is now head of
something or other in that division now, you have to have some idea on
what he does."

"Not a lot. It's very hush-hush," Draco replied apathetically,
destroying one of Natalie's ponds with his bishop. "My father oversees
the training programs for the different sections, and it seems kind of
like Sentinel training, but at the same time its sort of the opposite. I
don't know. Not much was happening until after we left home again. Why
don't you ask the Dark Lord directly? You two seem pretty chummy."

Harry made a face. True, he and Voldemort were getting along, but then
they rarely saw each other either. The longer the man was away, the less
certain Harry felt about him. During the holidays everything had seemed
like a dream, bizarre and yet natural in its progression. At Hogwarts,
he woke up and Harry was left analyzing the dream and all its strange
and subtle meanings, uncertain and cautious.

Snape was still the center of his anger, second only to Lestrange, for
his role in the basilisk affair, but after a month and a half of
Voldemort's absence he was starting to see things a bit differently. Now
he understood that the Dark Lord had a greater part to play in the
matter, and all that Snape had done had been by his Master's behest or
permission, including the Contract and the memory charms on Hermione. It
left him uneasy about seeing him again.

"Forget it."

Natalie took out Draco's Queen with her Bishop, sending the young Malfoy
into a cursing frenzy. She turned to Harry.

"I know what it is," she said smugly. "You're thinking too hard on it.
Just ask yourself, what government based organization requires a lot of
people, little or no prior work experience, and the word 'Defense' in
the title."

Harry considered, and after a moment his mind brushed lightly against a
possibility, but then retreated from it. Seeing it flicker and go from
his eyes, Natalie sighed.

"It's a military. The Dark Lord is building an army," she explained.

"That doesn't make sense. I thought the Sentinels *were* the army?"

She shrugged. "They're a traditional sort of wizarding army, but really
they're not much good for anything other than upholding the law within
Britain. This new army is meant for bigger things, I think. Like
defending against attack by foreign wizarding governments, or local
muggle ones, or invading other countries."

Harry considered, and found it tasted like truth. But why would
Voldemort need that kind of an army? True, Britain wasn't exactly the
favorite country in Europe right now, but they weren't bothering anyone
either. He thought to ask her and the others as well, but movement near
the castle drew his attention.

"I'll be right back," he said, and headed over to the clique of seven
Slytherins striding out of the castle towards Hogsmeade. At the very
center of the group was Tom, smiling indulgently as the others prattled
on about something or another. When they spotted him coming towards
them, they all stopped and stared.

Harry hesitated.

One of the girl's burst out laughing, and he felt his ears burn. Tom
cast an annoyed look at the girl, before ordering them all to head out
without him. Still, Harry hesitated. He hadn't spoken to the boy since
that day in the dungeons, and was expecting him to be nothing less than
livid about what had happened.

"Hi," Harry tried, and then cringed at how stupid that sounded. Tom's
expression was neutral, but the corner of his mouth twitch ever so
slightly.

"Hi."

Harry looked at his shoes, realized he was looking dumber by the second,
and rushed straight to the point.

"I'm sorry about what happened... stunning you and everything. I know
you were only trying to protect me..."

Tom blinked in surprise. Of all the things he was expecting, an apology
wasn't one of them. For weeks he had expected Harry to corner him
somewhere and demand to know what he had been doing wandering the
dungeons that day and what he had done to the Weasley twins, and had
been diligently avoiding him until he could come up with a reasonable
answer or Harry forgot about it altogether.

"As I recall, it was the Weasley twins who stunned me. You just squirmed
around a lot..."

The pink of Harry's ears spread to his cheeks.

"Er... yeah... well, they were trying to protect me... kind of like you
were only... yeah... Um, any way, I'm sorry about what happened. I just
wanted to let you know before you left for the summer. Uh... no hard
feelings?"

Tom smirked, and ruffled Harry's hair.

"No, no hard feelings."

---

Snape ascended the staircase to the Dark Lord's private office with a
barely detectable spring in his step. Never had the idea of a typical
school year pleased him so much until it was disrupted. The students
were back to their usual ridiculous past times and activities, House
tensions had died down to a normal level, no one had been sent to the
infirmary due to hexing for three weeks, and thanks to Potter his stores
had never been fuller and he had more basilisk venom, blood, skin, and
meat then he could ever possibly use to experiment with.

The Dark Lord had given him a house.

Okay, technically this was the *second* house he'd been given, but it
was bigger and had a larger laboratory in the basement and a green house
in the back yard. He had only been there to visit it once so far, but
what he found pleased him. There were three bedrooms, a small study, a
smaller living room, a good sized kitchen, and a laboratory in the
basement that was larger than the rest of the house combined. He wasn't
much of a fan of home decor, but even he could admire the rich
architectural detail in the Victorian style house with the abundance of
green marble accent pieces (conveniently inert to most acids and
potions). It wasn't large, but it was dignified, a bit dark, and
decidedly masculine.

It suited Snape just fine.

Best of all, Lestrange hadn't gotten a house. Alright, technically she
already lived in a mansion and was obscenely wealthy after a mysterious
wasting sickness took her husband, but that wasn't the point. She had
inherited those things. Voldemort had *given* Snape his.

He hadn't told the Headmistress yet, and didn't plan to until it would
cause her the utmost humiliation and/or frustration. Letting her know
before then would only give her time to vent her rage on him, and she
had been holding back since the conclusion of the basilisk debacle. She
wasn't technically on the outs with the Dark Lord anymore, but neither
was she in his favor like Snape was. If an opportunity didn't present
itself (or she didn't create one) soon, she might still be reassigned to
something... less demanding.

A cruel smirk slipped across Snape's face as he thought of it, but it
slipped away to something more neutral as he entered the office.

"My Lord, you wish to see me?"

Voldemort looked up from his paperwork, and gestured casually towards an
empty chair. He was sorting through several letters, a miniature knife
made of obsidian was slicing through envelopes with the precision of a
surgeon. He had only stopped by for a brief visit to check on the status
of the school and its students (one student in particular Snape didn't
doubt), before heading off to Ireland to give the latest recruitment
speech for the Wizarding army or the BrAss Cult, as some were already
calling it. No doubt he had also come to inform Snape of exactly what
warranted his latest gift, as the potion's master doubted it was due to
the events of January that he'd barely bungled through.

After Snape had made himself as comfortable as he could in the Dark
Lord's presence, Voldemort set his paper's aside.

"How do you like your new house?"

Straight to the point, very unlike his Master unless he was expecting
some sort of resistence that needed to be mercilessly crushed. Snape had
a bad feeling.

"It is a very fine house, well suited to my needs. I cannot thank you
enough-"

Voldemort made a sharp gesture, silencing the potion's Master's
gratitude.

"It is not a gift."

"You do not give gifts," Snape conceded, "Only rewards."

"And you have not yet earned this one."

There was no arguing that... at least not without being permanently
maimed or worse. He wasn't surprised, but relieved that the other shoe
was about to drop.

"What must I do?"

Voldemort smirked, and settled back into his chair. Trust Severus to be
quick on the uptake.

"Young Harry is in need of new residence. The Sleuws may have been
enough for a muggleborn orphan, but my protégé needs... more specialized
accommodations."

Snape's expression remained neutral, but inside he was cringing. He was
a private man, and though he didn't begrudge sharing a giant castle with
his students it was another matter altogether to share his home. It
certainly didn't help that Potter was a Gryffindor troublemaker with a
rather uppity disposition. The little bugger was STILL glaring at him in
potions.

"If that is what my Lord wishes..."

"It is. Do not let it ruin your holiday, Severus. I have arranged for
summer employment and etiquette lessons, as well as a week long
excursion in August, to keep him suitably busy. You need only ensure
that he is protected, completes his studies, and doesn't starve. I will
consider this as fulfillment of your Community Service obligation in
place of your usual WYRA responsibilities."

Well, that was something. Although, he certainly would have liked to
have known all of this more than the day before the holidays began. He
supposed it could have been a lot worse. With Potter around he wouldn't
have to clean the house himself at least. He was exceptionally bad at
housework yet couldn't justify making himself a house elf without any
children to inherit it.

"As you will. Does Potter know?"

"I wished to speak to him tomorrow, over lunch would be most convenient.
I shall tell him then."

"I will arrange it."

"Thank you, Severus. I knew I could count on you."

The potion's master stood, bowed respectfully, and left to see to his
own affairs.

"*You are too generous. He failed Harry once already*," came Tom's
impatient hiss, before Slytherin's portrait blackened and allowed him
entry.

"Severus saved Harry's life," the elder wizard corrected, "And more
importantly he taught Harry several spells that allowed him to protect
himself. Besides, he has the most experience in dealing with him, and I
trust his judgement."

"*You should have let him stay with me."*

Voldemort laughed, loud and mocking.

"With you? Oh, Tom I'm afraid that's impossible."

"*Why? Who would question it?"*

Voldemort smirked and stood, walking up to his younger counterpart. The
boy took a surprised step back. They never touched, never got close
enough where they might do so accidently. It was an instinctive phobia
they held for one another. Yet the Dark Lord seemed prepared to violate
that taboo right there.

"It's not a mater of people questioning it," he said, and Tom started
backing away, a sense of danger screaming at him to fight or flee. "It's
simply that I can't trust my protégé with the person who nearly killed
him. Did you really think I didn't know?"

Tom's eyes widen in surprise, his wrist flicking to draw out his wand
from his sleeve, yet nothing appeared. He tried again and still nothing.
The Dark Lord smiled malevolently.

"Missing something?"

He gestured back towards Slytherin's portrait where their ancestor's
likeness twirled Tom's wand in one hand and stroked the head of a
familiar with the other, his lips twisted in a mirror image of
Voldemort's. He looked back to Voldemort only to be knocked to the
ground with a savage backhand, rolled over to crawl away but was dragged
underneath the Dark Lord. Voldemort straddled him, using his knees to
pin Tom's arms to the carpet.

"What are you doing?! Get off me! You can't kill me, I AM YOU! Let go!"

Voldemort clucked his tone, grinning with sadistic glee as back handed
him again, stunning him.

"I'm not going to kill you, Tom. That is, quite literally,
self-defeating. But I can't let you live. You're too rash, too
ambitious. Do you recognize this?"

From the folds of his robe, he pulled out a golden coin, ancient and
shining and perfect as only a Wizarding coin can remain. Tom did
recognize it. It was Merlin's death coin, one of two set over the
revered wizard's eyes upon his death. One was taken by as payment to a
death god, but as Merlin was part fairy, the other was given to his fae
wife Nimue, who in turn gave it her daughter and down the line it went
until it vanished three hundred years ago during a goblin rebellion.
It's powers were a mystery, though the descendants of Merlin held onto
it with the savagery of a mother protecting a beloved child.

"A gift for you, my brother."

Voldemort shoved it into Tom's mouth, and held it inside with his hand.
Tom choked and struggled and screamed, knowing what was going to happen
next with a horrifying certainty. It was too late for resistance. The
small obsidian dagger the Dark Lord had been using as letter opener was
suddenly in his hands, and just as suddenly in Tom's chest.

Blood from the wound, shock silencing his victim's screams, but it was
not enough to kill. Not yet. With savage glee Voldemort tore the knife
free and brought it down again and again, the screams returned and then
died away just as quickly, leaving the body still and lifeless.
Voldemort took a few more stabs for the fun of it and then sat back,
laughing.

It had ben *years* since had done this by hand, and he had forgotten the
strange *thrill* of it, life and magic draining way through his blood
drenched fingers. And there Tom lay, wide green eyes slowly ghosting
over, pale skin flecked with the red of his own blood splatter. He was
almost pretty, and he was narcissistic enough to know acknowledge it.
All smooth and soft and still.

Or rather Tom's vessel was. An artfully composed golem made of meat and
blood and magic. Most of all magic. It was a shame really. It was a
magical item in itself, originating from no mortal flesh, and soon it
would begin to rot.

Such a waste.

Unless...

---

Harry entered Voldemort's office a quarter to one, hungry and a little
intimidated. He had not seen Voldemort for months, and wasn't sure what
this last minute visit would reveal. It seemed deliberate that the Dark
Lord waited until the school was empty of students. His trunk, Elsbeth,
and Inana were still in the entryway when he left, and when he had asked
McGonagall if he should take them to the Sleuws, she had pointedly
ignored the question and wished him a good summer.

"Ah, Harry," the Dark Lord greeted, dressed down from his usual formal
attire to something more closely resembling Harry's outfit, and a
traveling cloak draped over the back of his chair. The desk was gone, or
perhaps it had been transfigured into the dining table that now occupied
the office. A lunch had already been laid out, a simple meal made
elegant by silver dishes. The delicious smell of Swedish sausages, fresh
bread, and something he couldn't quite identify. "Come, take a seat. We
have much to talk about and little time to do so."

Harry took his seat directly across the table, and after seeing
Voldemort had already filled his plate, did likewise.

"It is good to see you again, My Lord," Harry said politely, not
entirely sure how honest he was being. "How is your military coming
along?"

Voldemort looked startled for a moment, and then smirked.

"It's coming along... gradually, but that's a discussion for another
time. I am here to talk about your summer plans."

Harry paused, hand halfway to the breadbasket.

"... I don't really have any... that I've been told about."

The older man smirked.

"Best remedy that now, yes? I've taken some liberties in arranging
alternative housing and employment."

Harry's jaw tensed, but he buttered his roll as if everything were fine.
Voldemort waited for a reply, but when none was forthcoming, he
continued.

"Professor Snape has agreed to house you for the summer. I believe it
will be advantageous to the both of you. Your recent potion work has
been consistently good. Perhaps he will allow you assist him in some of
his more advanced work."

Harry bit into his roll to hide his grimace. If his potion work was good
it was no doubt due to the fact that so many of his detentions were
spent in the potion's lab slicing, dicing, organizing, and labeling the
ingredients. The idea of doing all of that during his holiday, with the
man who beat him with a cane no less, was utterly unappealing.

"That is, if you complete your summer assignments first. Oh, and
etiquette lessons on Tuesday afternoons."

"Etiquette?"

Voldemort nodded.

"Good manners are essential to successful diplomacy, between enemies as
well as allies. It is good for confidence, as well. I have also been
contacted by a large pharmaceutical and potion's company, who have
offered to pay a hefty sum to make use of your parselmouth abilities. I
thought it a good opportunity for you. Mondays, Wednesday, and Friday
mornings only. Plenty of time left to finish your studies and play."

"Er... what will I be doing for them exactly?"

"Snake venom harvesting. It'll be fun."

Harry wondered if the Dark Lord did that sort thing for 'fun'.

"And one last thing. I have been invited to a summer festival by Fenrir
Greyback for little over a week. I was wondering you might like to
attend."

At this, Harry's interest was definitely perked.

"Will my godfather's be there?"

"Yes. All the werewolves will be there. It's a very important festival
for them. So are you interested?"

"Yes! I mean, yes sir. I would love to go."

"Then it's settled," Voldemort said, settling back to enjoy his own
meal. He was quite pleased with this meeting. The boy had looked rather
reluctant if not exactly reticent of his first intercessions, but the
third, and really the most important matter, was accepted with real
enthusiasm. He hadn't mentioned that it was essentially a pagan
festival, but he doubted it mattered. No doubt Harry would have a
wonderful time, and after seeing his own godfathers practicing it, he
would be that much closer to accepting Her over Him. Marvelous.

Harry, distracted from his earlier misgivings by curious musings on his
upcoming visit with his godfathers. And werewolves! Alright, his last
experience with them was hardly ideal, but if he were under Voldemort's
protection he was sure to be safe. What were they all like in their
daily lives? What sort of festival were they celebrating? Would be asked
to join or merely watch? Did it fall on a full moon?

His thoughts dizzy with possibilities, he took a bite of his sausage.
Ooohh... that was good. Just like Miss Agnethe used to make for
Oktoberfest. Juicy, faintly sweet, with just the right amount of spice.

It took Harry only a moment to realize Voldemort wasn't eating the same
thing. Rather than sausage or any of the other dishes on the table for
that matter, the Dark Lord's plate was laden with some sort of red
tinted meet, thickly sliced into diamond shaped cuts and drenched in a
dark brown broth. Was that the delicious, yet unfamiliar scent he'd
smelled upon entering? Why would Voldemort eat one kind of dish and yet
serve another to his guest? His host noticed his curious stare and
smiled, a clever and wicked and curved like a butcher's knife.

"You wouldn't like. Trust me," he said. "It's an acquired taste."

"Smells good," Harry said, feeling it was a challenge to sophistication
more than a warning.

"It tastes good too, but when I say 'acquired' I mean it's toxic. It's
made to my specifications, and no one else's."

This was entirely true. If the incompatible and rather malevolent magic
that saturated the meat didn't kill someone, the venom it had been
boiled it to soften the meat, certainly would have. Of course, though
not technically the same entity any longer, Tom and he still shared the
same magic and of course there were few venoms his own body was
susceptible to.

And who would have thought it? Tom, the little prat, was yummy?

Venom and all.

---

**Br**itish **Ass**embly for **Cult**ural Preservation and Defense
**BrAss Cult**. Also named because their uniform buttons and insignia
are made of brass, at least for the typical foot soldier. The higher the
rank, the more expensive their uniform fixtures.

No, Severus was arrested for flying while intoxicated. Community Service
in the wizarding world is a legal obligation all adult wizards have to
perform or else pay an increase in taxes. Snape's CSO is collecting
muggleborns for WYRA during the summer. Rich and powerful wizards like
Malfoy and Lestrange usually just pay the increased taxes.

And yes, Voldemort did in fact, just eat Tom. No, Tom isn't actually
dead. He wasn't really living to begin with. He was always a horcrux,
just now he stuck in a different object.

---

READ:

I know this is bothersome, but due a rather inconvenient alterations of
living, ie looking for a new job, new apartment, and a family vacation I
may or may not attend, I won't be able to update for a while. I do
intend to keep writing during this break, but won't be able to post
anything consistently so I'm just going to wait until my situation
settles. I might even have some time to go back and further proofread
previous chapters. I should be able to start updating early this July.

I AM NOT ABANDONING THIS STORY.

It will get done. This is just an inconvenient blip. Thanks to everyone
who has been so supportive! You guys are wonderful! I'll see you again
in July!