# Toad Venom

Harry stood and turned slowly. Through his bespelled glasses he could
see the yellow and orange form of a stout woman. He may not be able to
distinguish her facial features, but that phlegmy cough was unmistakably
Dolores Umbridge. The enormous green and yellow body of the basilisk's
cooler body slithered into the chamber soundlessly and came to a stop
behind her. It was *huge*, larger than he had ever considered a serpent
to be without being labeled a dragon.

*That's what lives under the school? What was Voldemort*thinking?!

"Oh my, this is certainly unexpected," the toady woman twittered,
"Shouldn't you be in your dorm, Mr. Potter?"

He scowled, more pieces falling into place. The basilisk hadn't appeared
until *after* Umbridge had been brought to the school, and then it was
to guard McNair, a former Death Eater who probably had some knowledge of
the Chamber. But how had she managed to glean it from him with the
contract in effect? Had McNair been a willing participant or a victim
himself?

"Shouldn't you be dead, Madam?" he replied cooly, indicating the lethal
beast behind her.

"Now, young man it's *rude* to answer a question with a question,
although not nearly as rude as stopping by unannounced. I'm afraid
you'll have to be punished. But first, where is Granger?"

Harry barely caught himself turning right to his friend, now concealed
by his cloak and the statue. Apparently, both had arrived just after
he'd concealed her.

"I woke her up, and sent her back down the tunnel. She'll reach Snape
and tell him everything. If you hurry, maybe you can escape before
Voldemort arrives," he bluffed.

Umbridge gave a twittery laugh.

"Oh you silly goose, this is why plotting is left to adults. Children
are just so short-sighted. The mudblood and the giant grease spot are
trapped here, just like you. My pet here will dispatch everyone shortly,
and we will sneak out the back way. When the Dark Lord arrives, he'll
find nothing but corpses."

The basilisk made a pained hiss and shuddered, twitching uncomfortably
and nearly bumping into the woman, who inched away with a belied
nervousness.

"*It* hurts*!*" the masculine hiss cried, "*Theysss burned me! I can't
sssee! I can't sssee! Heal me!*"

Umbridge cast a cautious look at her servant, and indeed it appeared the
trap spell Snape had laid had done great damage. The head of the serpent
was charred black and bits of flesh torn away. Worst of all, however,
was the absence of the monster's greatest weapons. The eyes had either
burst from the heat of the explosion or the eyelids melted shut.

No matter. It's venom and sheer size was lethal enough for one last
slaughter before she killed the thing herself. It had been useful, but
ultimately she had known she would have to destroy it. Oh, well.

From her fuzzy pink purse she pulled out a device, that to Harry looked
like nothing more than a child's kazoo made of silver. It's purpose
became clear, when Umbridge put it to her mouth and started to speak...
in Parseltongue.

"*There, there, darling. Soon, I will fix you,*" she cajoled,before
speaking to Harry again in English. "Really, your arrival is most
convenient. I was going to leave you out of this, but when You-Know-Who
finds your mutilated corpse he won't just fire Lestrange, he'll kill
her. Oh, yes, this is most convenient. And then, in a few days, I'll
cleverly uncover the *true* culprit and kill the basilisk all on my own.
He'll be so pleased he'll promote me for sure! Headmistress of Hogwarts
or even a Court Judge. So many marvelous possibilities, and I have so
many *plans*. Such marvelous, marvelous plans!"

Disgust and anger welled up in Harry, the culmination of months of grief
and stress and fear found to be rooted in nothing more than the
ambitions of this *thing*.

"You..," he growled, "You *murdered* Sweetey so you could get a better
FUCKING JOB?!"

Umbridge rolled her eyes (not that Harry could actually *see* that).

"Children, honestly! I'm so glad I never had-"

"*Petrificus totalis!*"

Quick as lightening, Umbridge brought up a shield charm to block the
curse and readied one of her own, but Harry had ducked into the open
mouth of the statue and into a small antechamber.

"*Kill him! He's the one who hurt you!*" he heard Umbridge hiss, and
quickly ran deeper inside. The antechamber, unlike the rest of the
Chamber, was not cold, but hot and humid, the floor layered with plant
debris, old snake skins, and animal bones. The ceiling was lower, making
the area seem almost cramped despite being two stories high on its own.
The most striking thing Harry noticed was eggs. Two rows of twelve eggs
the size of footballs (English version) lined the walls in individual
nests, a yellow fairy light hovering just above each. On closer
inspection, Harry could see four eggs were missing. So this place held a
back-up supply of basilisks? Ugh.

Harry moved to the back of the lair, selecting the narrowest of three
tunnels he found there, and ran inside.

"*Contraho!*" he shouted, flinging out his wand, forcing his magic as
strongly as he could. The stone walls groaned and crumbled in protest as
they began to contract around the entrance, narrowing it even further.
The basilisk head speared through the opening suddenly, its fangs bared
as it made to strike its prey. Harry jumped back, but tripped on a
stone.

Death, fanged and monstrously snapped... missed, barely, leaving Harry
to crawl and stumble away as the basilisk struggled to free itself in
the now too narrow tunnel. Now distanced and relatively safe, he tried
to reason with it.

"*Stop! Stop! I'm not your enemy! I didn't do this to you! That woman is
a liar!*"

Yet the snake did not seem to hear or perhaps didn't care. Thrashing
about madly, Muchalinda tried to move forward and then finally backwards
where he had more success. He retreated into the antechamber and then
through another tunnel, retreating to hunt down its prey through another
route.

Harry, meanwhile, cursed. The basilisk had been *right there*! He could
think of half a dozen spells he could have used to destroy it right
there, but *no* he had to *reason* with it. Arg! Stupid, stupid, stupid!

But he didn't have time to berate himself. He had left Hermione in the
main chamber with Umbridge, and if that giant toad found her Harry
didn't want to think what would happen. He had to get Hermione and get
back to Snape somehow. All of them together would be able to fend off
Umbridge and her overgrown pet, at least until help arrived. Perhaps if
he could even stun Umbridge, what ever spell she had cast on the
basilisk would fade and he could convince it to leave them alone?

Casting a Silencing Charm on the nest room and placing the UnSilencing
Bell to his ear with his free hand, he cautiously moved back inside and
towards the exit. He was only half way to the exit when the basilisk
re-emerged from another tunnel, and froze. The snake luckily, had paused
as well. It flickered its tongue, tasting the air curiously.

"*What hasss it done?*" the snake questioned itself, "*I can't
sssee* or *hear itsss now. But ohhh... I can tassste itsss!*"

Harry rushed to one side of the nest, crouching behind an egg, hoping it
would move on again. If he cast a spell in here and it wasn't strong
enough to instantly kill the basilisk, the inevitable biting and
thrashing might kill him instead. The giant monster flickered its tongue
repeatedly, gradually turning towards where Harry hid and moving
hesitantly forward. Harry moved backwards steadily as he headed towards
the narrow chamber again.

The basilisk seemed to sense his plan though, for it suddenly moved
swiftly, not towards Harry, but towards the tunnels, blocking each one
with its massive body.

*Shit. It's smart.*

His only option now was to go the direction he'd been heading in the
first place, but if the basilisk rushed him then he'd have no where to
go but straight and the hunter was much faster than he was. Nor could he
stay where he was with the monster gradually tasting out his location.
He'd have to distract it, and then make a run for the nearest available
exit.

But how?

---

Fred let out a pained moan, lifting his hand to his aching head and
found it wet.

"George?" he called shakily, sitting up. He was still in the potion's
lab, hidden between two lab stations. The floor was cold, uncomfortable,
and smeared with red on grey. He eyed the bloody pool where his head had
been and the matching hand print beside it oddly, disconcerted when he
couldn't find anything funny about it. "George?"

"Here," came an equally weak reply. After a moment, George managed to
pull himself up from behind another lab station, a slash across his nose
and forehead still leaking. "You okay, Gred?"

Fred blinked, managed a shaky grin and climbed the rest of the way to
his feet.

"Fine, Forge. What's another head injury?"

"Just another personality improvement waiting to happen," George
replied, then tilted dangerously, nearly falling over again. He caught
himself and set himself on a stool.

"We can be improved? I don't believe it."

Fred moved to sit beside his brother, took a deep breath, and assessed
the damage. The class room was almost completely intact, a few over
turned stools and their own blood the only signs of a struggle. They
themselves seemed to have suffered nothing more than a few nasty blows
to the head... as if that wasn't enough. Their prisoner was long gone.

"Where do you think Rook went?" Fred asked.

"Either to get a teacher to snitch on us or after Harry probably..."

"Do you think Harry's alright? Do you suppose he found Hermione?"

"... it's Harry."

Which was basically another way of saying the young Gryffindor was
causing things *no one*, even his two greatest devotees, could even
conceived of happening. George grimaced and climbed back to his feet.

"Come on. We have to get out of here before someone finds us."

Fred nodded, helping his brother remain steady on his feet while the
other took out the Marauder's Map to search for the best available exit.

"Uh oh..."

"What?"

"Hurry, Fred. We have less than a minute before we find ourselves
surrounded by every teacher in Hogwarts."

Fred let out a curse and dragged his twin to the door.

---

"*Sustineo! Sustineo! Sustineo!*"

After almost twenty Support Spells, Snape was feeling both drained and
anxious. The tunnel was no longer in danger of collapsing, but the
spells had cost both time and energy. Potter had been gone for over
fifteen minutes, and he had heard voices and shouting distantly. Had one
of them been a scream?

Sweaty and breathing heavily, he turned his attention to the wall of
debris, opting to conserve energy with lighter spells in quick
succession. He could not panic and waste precious magical energy before
the true battle began, even if every second that passed might mean the
death of his goddaughter and god- Gryffindork Meal Ticket.

Stupid Meal Ticket.

---

Umbridge's pudgy face twisted into something even pudgier, her
impatience finally getting to her. She was perfectly assured of her
escape, but the basilisk was proving to be a rather poor Guardian. There
were three intruders in the Chamber of Secrets, and not one of them was
dead yet. She had some time yet before the Headmistress could, if she
had even decided to, take down the wards, which Umbridge had re-done to
the best of her ability since that night Snape had left her in charge to
attend some party. It would have taken at least an hour, forty minutes
now, to undue the things. Just the same, she couldn't have anyone
questioning her absence, nor could she leave with Potter alive. Snape
knew nothing and the mudblood had been unconscious the entire time, and
though she loathed to let them live, killing Potter would be enough to
get her what she wanted.

Tom wouldn't be happy. Potter's safety had been one of his few
stipulations when they'd agreed to this enterprise. Tom had led her to
the Chamber, provided her the Parselflute that would allow her to speak
and understand Parseltongue, and ordered the basilisk to obey her. In
exchange, she would kill Granger and create havoc at the school. When
she became Headmistress, he would be given a suitable (if unofficial)
position of power, a teaching position of his choosing after he
completed college, and be made Deputy Headmaster shortly after.

Too bad for Tom she had no intention of remaining his lackey. He was
clever as far as children went, but she was a full grown witch with no
intentions of taking orders from one who was barely even old enough to
apparate. The evidence of his plots she had left in McNair's rooms would
ensure that neither wizard lived to cause her any more trouble after
tomorrow.

First, however, she had to make sure Potter wasn't around to contradict
her story.

---

On reflection, throwing animal bones at a snake almost twice as large as
a dragon, wasn't one of his brightest ideas. Levitating a score of deer
(horse? pig? house elf?) skulls towards the tail end had worked for all
of two seconds. After that, it's tail had lashed out in a swooping arch,
covering half the room a few scant inches above the fragile eggs. Harry,
unfortunately, hadn't been on the half of the room the tail didn't
reach. His body knocked heavily into a filthy floor, bones snapping
(luckily none of his) without a sound upon impact. He lost his grip on
both his wand and the UnSilencing Bell, and they disappeared into the
debris.

The wind knocked out of him, he frantically searched the surrounding
litter for his wand, but it was already too late. The basilisk, having
felt it's blow connect, struck.

Everything seemed to slow. In the absolute silence of his spell, Harry
was able to focus on sight so much more clearly. The snake's horribly
mutilated head, abnormally numerous fangs in a pointed muzzle of a
mouth, wove through air and earth as if under water, reminding Harry
strongly of a salt water eel.

Monstrous.

*I don't want to die.*More importantly, he thought, *I don't want
Hermione or Snape or anyone else to die.*

The basilisk's reared up, arching like a swan's neck, before rushing
down to bite him in half. Harry's hand closed on something hard and
slender, and in the rush of adrenaline he didn't stop to question as he
pulled it free of the muck and spun it around to the basilisk.

"*Expelliarmus!*"

Only to realize it wasn't his wand at all, but a... sword?

Beneath the caked on dirt and rotted vegetation, it still managed to
gleam, unrusted from what may have been centuries of neglect, and though
it wasn't a wand it accepted the up welling of Harry's magic and sent it
out.

The Silencing Charm suddenly broke, an ear-shattering schriek filling
the den as the basilisk reared back, blood splashing everything as it
waved it's head back and forth in pain. The splash of liquid to his face
woke Harry from his momentary surprise, and sent him scurrying to find
his wand. The sword in his hand began to glow as more dirt was shaken
free and in moments Harry found what he was looking for. He dashed for
narrow tunnel, barely avoiding being creamed twice by the basilisk's
furiously lashing tail.

Sword and wand in either hand, he followed the tunnel, turning down
smaller tunnels whenever he thought they might lead back towards the
main chamber. He was lost within minutes. Most the of the tunnels seemed
to lead back to themselves or else identical to each other, while others
opened up into other chambers. In one such chamber, he found a library.
In another a collection of weapons (none of which appealed to him more
than the one he already had). Still another held nothing more than a
large mirror and... Myrtle?

It wasn't until ten minutes of pointless, frantic wandering did he even
think to use his watch-compass. Even then, it took another ten to find
his way back to the main chamber, opening up abruptly to dump him into a
shallow pool. He tripped and floundered stupidly in ankle deep water for
a moment, before pulling himself onto the dry...well, *drier*... walkway
and just lay there. Exhausted.

Umbridge was no where in sight.

Had she left, thinking the basilisk would do its thing? Or was she
searching for him? Or Snape and Hermione perhaps? Was she hiding in the
shadows even now? What had happened to the basilisk anyway?

He didn't know and he didn't want to find out any of these things.
Regardless of the answers he couldn't just stand around. After a moment
to catch his breath, he rolled to his feet and made his way back towards
where he had hid Hermione. She was still there, still unconscious,
though not quite as pale.

"Ah, there she is. Very clever, Mr. Potter."

*Not again.*

He spun around, a Freeze Hex on the tip of his tongue, but she beat him
to it. He didn't hear the spell she cast, but both his sword and his
wand flew out of his hands while he himself was thrown in another
direction. He landed at an angle, sliding across the slick floor and
half way into one of the bottomless pool. His glasses fell away and sank
to the bottom. He managed to pull himself out, but now he was freezing
cold, unarmed, and almost blind in the dim light of the chamber. Still,
he was able to make out a vague pink blur he assumed to be Umbridge.

She let out an exasperated sigh.

"I really didn't want to cast anything on you, Potter. Spells can be
traced after all. Oh well, I suppose I'll just let the basilisk eat you.
*HE'S HERE! COME AND GET HIM!*"

And it did come, fast and angry through one of the passages directly
behind Umbridge... putting the toady woman right in his path. Too late
to consider the basilisk's blindness and rage, she hadn't so much as
gasped when it's massive body rushed past her, knocking her into a pool.

Harry heard her splashing and screaming, but any dark joy he might have
taken from her predicament was overshadowed by the basilisk's blind
attacks, venom filled mouth snapping wildly at the air and quickly
moving towards him. If there was any nearby escape, he was too blind to
see it and the snake too fast. His one option lay in fighting, however
impossible the odds, but he needed a weapon!

"COME!" he cried, hand reaching out into the darkness.

The basilisk heard, sliding into a pool and swimming directly for him,
reaching him within moments. For a second time it poised for its strike,
yet again Harry found the sword grasped firmly in his hand. More ready,
Harry did more than simply swing the sword wildly, but sprang up,
catching the basilisk under its throat and using its own momentum to
drive it clean into its brain.

The snake, killed instantly, curled and thrashed in a death spasm,
pulling Harry into the water yet again. Panicked, he gripped his sword
and pulled it from the convulsing body, stabbing it again and again,
shoving himself away from it even as it continued to drag him deeper and
deeper. His panicked scream came out as nothing but a gurgling release
of bubbles.

Darkness was everywhere, and even as he finally pulled himself free he
became disoriented. Six ways to swim and only one was the right way. He
swam in a random direction, hoping against hope it was the right one.
The sword was still in his hand. It glowed in the darkness, yet there
was nothing to illuminate.

Pressure and the need to breath finally forced his mouth open, releasing
the last of the air in his lung and water rushed in. He convulsed once,
twice, then even the light from his sword began to fade...

---

Harry let out a startled gasp, eyes flying open and wincing close again.
The darkness was gone, though he was still wet and cold. Above him, the
blurry outline of Snape loomed.

"Pro-" he tried, only to twist away an vomit up water.

"Don't speak, Potter, you've just woken from drowning," the potion's
master said, irritation clear in his voice.

*Sorry my*dying*inconveniences you, Professor.*

"Her-Hermione," he managed between coughs, pointing a shaking hand
towards the statue where he had hidden her. Snape left him for a moment,
then returned.

"She's fine. Lets get out of here, then I can punish you from the
comfort of my office."

Harry wanted to protest, but what was the point now? He was right, they
needed to get out of this place. While Snape gathered up his unconscious
goddaughter, Harry stumbled about the cavern in search of his wand.
Luckily, it managed to stay on dry land and in plain view (which meant
Harry practically tripped over it before finding it). He managed to
summon his glasses from the pool that had nearly drowned him, but was
too magically and physically exhausted for much of anything else. He
found the sword, once again, resting near where he had been laying. How
had it gotten there?

"You were clutching it when I pulled you from the water," Snape said,
eyeing Harry and the sword intensely, a thousand questions running
through his head. The basilisk was dead, and if Harry's wand had been on
the other side of the chamber that meant...

How utterly preposterous... and yet.

"Where did you find it?"

Harry turned to him, so utterly pale after everything, green eyes
enormous with images Snape couldn't even begin to imagine.

"In its nest."

A shiver ran down Snape's back at the mere implications.

"Bring it then. The Dark Lord will wish to examine it."

"Where's Umbridge?" Harry asked, the woman's absence finally wheedling
in past the shock. Snape paused, absorbing the revelation.

"She... is not here. She was the one controlling the basilisk?"

"She wanted to kill Hermione and you, and then kill the basilisk so she
could be Headmistress... or something. She was *crazy*."

Nothing else was said. The fear and horror of the last hour was over,
and everything fell back into a semblance of disjointed normalcy. Snape,
albeit with an unconscious girl in his arms, was once again a cold and
unreadable bastard. Harry got into trouble and was now followed
obediently towards inevitable punishment. The grand and mysterious
tunnels and chambers of the Salazar Slytherin's secret lair gave way to
the grand and more familiar halls of the dungeons.

"Harry! Severus!"

Professor McGonagall was there to greet them the moment they appeared
from the girl's lavatory, for once on at a loss on who to check over
first; a conscious but battered Harry or an unconscious Hermione with
unknown injuries. Flitwick, Toure, McNair, and pretty much the entire
teaching staff were there as well, though none quite as quick as her.
Snape didn't seem prepared to hand over the girl, so she turned to
Harry.

"Harry, are you alright? You're bleeding," she said, brushing lighlty
against a cut on his forehead. The boy looked at her oddly for a moment,
before bursting out laughing.

"You... you..." he laughed, "...should see the... *other* guy."

Harry's laughter faded into brief hysterical giggles before dying
altogether, leaving the boy looking haunted. There was a tense silence
as everyone regarded him with varying degrees of alarm.

"He's gone nutty," McNair snorted.

"But not *deaf*, you *fucktard!*" Harry snarled, jabbing his sword in
McNair's general direction. Everyone leapt away in surprise, except for
Snape.

"I believe Mr. Potter has had a bad day and requires a nap... followed
by a good spanking. Potter! Give Professor McGonagall the sword."

Harry reluctantly did so, offering what he hoped was an apologetic look.
He followed after Snape, who led the procession (sans Flitwick and
Vector who were left to guard the girl's lavatory and McNair and Toure
who were sent to search from Umbridge in the Forbidden Forest) to the
infirmary, where he dismissed all the teachers except McGonagall.

Hermione was quickly settled, although Snape opted not to awaken her
until later. She had probably been unconscious since her kidnaping, and
why awaken her to a unstable situation? It was kinder to let her sleep
for the time being.

Potter was another matter altogether.

Pomfrey quickly had him striped of his wet clothes, dried, and in
hospital pajamas within a minute. Yet it was still long enough to
glimpse the enormous bruises on Harry's back, side, arms, knees. There
was only a few small cuts on his hands and face, but the there were
bruises there as well, some of them turning dark purple already. It must
have been a fiercer battle than Snape had originally thought.

The medi-witch gave Harry a couple of potions, including a Calming
Draught when he kept flinching at her touch, a salve to help with the
bruises, and one for pain. She cast a few more diagnostic spells to
check for internal bleeding and a concussion, then settled him into bed
to rest. The Gryffindor remained awake, however, staring blankly across
the other side of the room at Hermione and the petrified Collin Creevey.

After she was done, Poppy was quick to pull both Snape and McGonagall
behind a privacy screen. Her expression was uncharacteristically brutal.

"Far be it from me to question the 'why's and 'how's of what brings
patients to my door, but this... *this* is madness. Potter looks like
he's been fighting Bludgers without a stick in the middle of a lake."

Snape raised an amused brow.

"What a *fascinating* image you've conjured, Madam. How are they?"

"Miss Granger is perfectly healthy, if a bit chilled. A simple Enerviate
Spell should awaken her, otherwise she'll come around herself in a
couple of hours. Mr. Potter, however... he'll recover. There wasn't any
serious damage, although the water in his lungs concerns me."

"He did drown," Snape offered, "but I managed to resuscitate him. I'm
not entirely sure how long he was in the water, but it was long enough
for his heart to stop."

"Oh Merlin," McGonagall gasped. Pomfrey took a deep breath.

"Which brings me to what really concerns me. I don't know what happened
to him, but he's clearly traumatized. Shock is the least of it, though I
don't fancy the fall out when it's worn off. I want you both watching
him closely once he returns to classes, perhaps asking his friends if
he's sleeping properly or appears depressed or easily angered."

"Do you think it's really that bad?" McGonagall asked.

"Harry has experience dealing with these sorts of situations. You
remember he was kidnaped last year and suffered no after affects," Snape
said, always skeptical when it came to the medi-witch's fussiness.

"No way to know right now, but... just watch him. He'll need to talk to
someone about what happened eventually."

"Sooner than he might like," Snape said, "The Dark Lord will be here any
minutes, if he isn't already."

Pomfrey scowled, and shook her head.

"No, absolutely *not*. He's in no state to have an interview with...
*him*. The shock hasn't even worn off. Do you want him to be around
You-Know-Who when it does?!"

"That... isn't up to any of us."

The evil scowls that earned him was enough to tell him exactly what the
two witches thought of *that* little bit of truth.

---

Umbridge huffed and wheezed and shivered as she stumbled out of the back
exit of the Chamber of Secrets, little more than big, dirty hole in the
ground, and into the Forbidden Forest. A savage bitter wind lashed at
her, and though she had spelled herself dry and warm, it gnawed at her
like a living thing.

She didn't have time to wallow in her own suffering though. She had to
escape and quickly. Potter was dead, she believed, but then so was the
basilisk. But Snape and Granger lived, and Potter's body was still
intact when she'd seen Snape drag it from the water. It would only take
a few quick spells to find the magical signature she had left on him
with her Disarming Spell. She had two hours at the most to get out of
England before Voldemort sent his Sentinels after her.

Oh, what an utter *flop* this all had been. If it hadn't been for Tom
being so bloody insistent about killing that stupid mudblood, than her
stupid friend Potter wouldn't have shown up and mucked it all up. She
was going to make him pay for that. She was going to make *all*of them
pay.

First, she had to escape though.

She waddled through the dense vegetation, fighting against barren
branches that gripped at her hair and clothes like skeletal hands. She
batted them away, but still they seemed to reach for her. Alarmed she
moving faster, ignoring the scratches and the tufts of hair she lost,
knowing all she had to do was get out. She had come this way before, at
least a dozen times, yet there had never seemed to be so many obstacles.

Angrily, she lifted her wand, intent to cut and burn away all that
blocked her path. The ground rose up violently beneath causing her to
lose her balance and her wand, and she would have fallen had those
skeletal wooden limbs not suddenly grabbed hold of her and *lifted* her,
dragging her up off the ground and into the trees.

Letting out a terrified shriek, she struggled, but all for nothing as
she found herself suddenly high above the ground and right before one
Thomas Matthew Rook. The Slytherin Fifth Year glared at her imperiously
from a throne transfigured from the limbs of the tree that was currently
holding her captive. He was as immaculate and dignified as always, the
bitter wind and savage shrubbery not displacing so much as hair.

"You disappoint me, Madam," Tom drawled. "I would have thought you could
kill *one* little mudblood before I disposed of you, but I see I've
overestimated you. I suppose I can only blame myself. I should have gone
to McNair. At least he was *wizard* enough to attend Hogwarts, unlike
you..."

Umbridges face contorted in rage, but it didn't last long as he flicked
his wand and she found herself plummeting to the ground. She hit heavily
and something broke. Maybe *everything* as she choked on her own blood,
the pain too excruciating to even roll over.

Tom dropped before her with the grace of bird.

"I had two very simple rules for you to follow, Madam, of which you've
obeyed neither. First, you've disregarded my order that I should never
be implicated in these acts by leaving the original Parselflute I gave
you in McNair's room, while you used a copy you made yourself. Did you
really think I wouldn't have means to keep track of such things? It's a
family heirloom after all."

A flicker of his wand and she was sailing through air and face first
into a tree. She must have been knocked unconscious, because a
unpleasant rejuvenation spell brought her around choking on her own
broken teeth as well as her blood. Tom continued as if he had never
paused.

"Then, you make the unforgivable mistake of trying to kill Harry. He
still lives only because my Suspension Spell preserved his body long
enough for Snape to rescue him. A Stunning Hex would have been
sufficient to keep him out of the way, but no... you had to be
*ambitious*."

Now, Tom didn't even bother with his wand, but kicked her with own foot
repeatedly, crushing her already broken bones as she could only lay
there and wail in pain and horror. Then he stopped abruptly, lifted his
head listen, and then grinned to himself.

"Ah, they're here. I've invited some friends to keep you company, Madam.
It took some convincing to get them to come out of hibernation, but when
I mentioned how you had released the basilisk into their forest, they
became rather... *eager* to meet you."

He chuckled darkly, gliding away silently into the darkness. Before he
was gone completely, he called out one last time.

"Send Aragog my regards, Madam."

He was gone, and the worse of her nightmare seemed to have departed,
leaving her to slip into death at last.

But then the sound of thousands of little feet on dried leaves filtered
into her ears...

---

Harry didn't sleep at all, even after everyone had left. Instead, he
crawled out of his bed and sat beside Hermione, watching her sleep
peacefully. It had been a close call today, for the both of them. Had
Umbridge merely decided to kill Hermione instead of knocking her
unconscious this all would have been for nothing, and even if he had
lived he would have lost the most important person in the world to
him... again.

But he had saved her. Saved her as he hadn't been able to save his
parents, and they would both go on being friends until they were both
old and grey and senile. So why was he crying now? Why wouldn't the
tears stop? She was fine, she was fine, they were *both* *fine*.

Why was he still so afraid she would die?

---

Voldemort did not immediately summon Harry when he arrived at the
school. He was sorely tempted, but Snape was strangely *insistent* that
the child be left alone until the end of his investigation. The Dark
Lord was tempted to throttle Snape then and there, but relented when the
potion's master mentioned the drowning and resuscitation. His protégé
deserved a little time to compose himself after that.

But only a little.

The subsequent 'Tour of Destruction' Bella and Severus led him through
was interesting enough. The teachers had been busily returning order to
the school, informing the students that Collin Creevey and Hermione
Granger had accidently released a pair of boggarts from one of Professor
McNair's supply closets. Believing they were being chased by monsters,
the second years panicked and ran. Creevey was said to have fallen down
a flight of stairs and Granger had ducked into a secret passage and
become lost. The students had been returned to their rooms so the
teachers could round up the boggarts and find her.

A clever enough story, and one that both children would be able to
verify with a little legilimency and memory alteration. Let it not be
said that Bella lacked imagination.

She had wanted to alter Harry's memories as well, but Voldemort wasn't
ready to commit to that course until he saw the boy himself. What Harry
had achieved was... miraculous. Stupid, reckless, and suicidal, but
still an amazing feat. He had toured the Chamber alone with Snape as the
man recounted what he had seen and what he suspected happened. The
basilisk's bloated body now floated in the pool that Harry had been
drowned in, and he had it levitated onto the walkway to better examine
it. The head was badly damaged by Snape's exploding trap, but it was
clear the killing blow had come from the deep puncture wound under the
snake's throat. There were other sword wounds as well, on the snout and
side of the body, signs of Harry's desperate struggle to escape.

He left Snape to gather venom to make an antidote for the petrified
students while he checked the rest of the Chamber. The lair remained
mostly untouched accept for the Nesting Room, where six eggs had been
crushed and were now leaking yoke and partially developed snake fetuses
onto the littered floor. Voldemort felt a pang of loss. Basilisks were
the rarest of the rare nowadays, and if any others existed outside of
the refuge Salazar had made for them he had never heard of them. Such
magnificent creatures deserved better.

When Voldemort and Snape returned to the upper levels of the castle,
Chief Sentinel Morgan was there to inform them they had found Umbridge.
Dead. Eaten by acumantulas no less. They assumed that's how she died. It
was hard to say. She'd been liquified from the inside out, after all.
The only thing they had found intact was her purse, containing an
imitation Parselflute.

It was an ironically fitting end, yet very suspicious. Few people even
*heard* of Parselflutes, let alone had the means to create one from
scratch. How had she found the Chamber and how had the idea come to her?
Then the acrumantula themselves should have been hibernating. Had
someone woken them?

McNair was arrested on Voldemort's orders. Umbridge had been sent to
guard the man, and as often as they had been stuck together it seemed
inconceivable that he wasn't aware of at least *some* of her activities.
Voldemort had an alternative suspect, of course, but McNair's arrest
served as a convenient excuse to be rid of the incompetent Dark Art's
professor. He had screamed bloody revenge, which was the only amusing
thing the Dark Lord found about the situation.

Finally, after the initial reports had been given, Voldemort retired to
his private office with the Headmistress and Deputy Headmaster. The
sword Harry had used to kill Muchalinda was sitting on his desk, waiting
for his expert examination, but he ignored it for the time being in
favor of examining his minions.

"We were lucky. Very, very lucky," Voldemort said evenly, the underlying
edge in his voice causing both Snape and Lestrange to tense. "All your
careful planning would have been for nothing if not for the meddling of
one precocious child."

Lestrange was quick to find blame. Snape had been the one to leave
Umbridge in charge that night, making it possible for her to fiddle with
the wards and let the basilisk back inside, and had also left Harry
unsupervised outside her office.

"My Lord-"

All of her accusations were silenced by an angry hiss from the Dark
Lord, his eyes flashing crimson.

"I don't want to hear your excuses," he snarled, stalking to the other
side of his desk and throwing himself into his chair. "I don't care who
you think is to blame. I *know* where fault lays."

They waited tensely for him to elaborate, but he let them mentally
squirm for several moments while he sorted through his desk for
appropriate forms and a quill. Finally, he spoke again.

"It was *I* who hired her. I knew from the beginning she was not to be
trusted around children, but assumed the promise of a rise in status
would keep her on her best behavior. Apparently her best behavior is
that of a pack-stabbing, homicidal bitch. I should have known better.
Her service during the war in Ireland was... telling."

Snape and Lestrange were stunned silent (not that they had much to say
in the first place accept perhaps 'please don't kill me'). The Dark Lord
ignored them as he filled out some of the paperwork, looked it over, and
then handed a set of it to each of them.

"I want a full unbias report of what happened by tomorrow night. You may
not see or contact one another before then. For both your sakes I
recommend complete honesty. Any inconsistencies I find will be
*thoroughly* investigated. Bella, you need to hire a replacement Dark
Art's professor for the rest of the semester. Will the one you hired for
next year be ready?"

Lestrange mentally scrambled for a reply, disconcerted almost beyond
reasoning by all that had happened and was happening.

"Ah... yes, I mean no. She still has to complete a contract with some
real estate company as a curse breaker until July, but I could probably
convince Quirrell to return for the remainder of the semester."

Voldemort nodded.

"Severus I will leave you in charge of brewing the antidote and casting
the memory charms on the Gryffindors. I expect you to be thorough."

Snape merely nodded, cringing at the combined task. Memory charms were a
tricky affair, and exhausting to the caster. To perform three (possibly
four if Harry was included) of them in a row was in no way appealing.
The antidote would be challenging as well. It was etter than the Pain
Curse, at least.

"Good, I expect everything to be wrapped by the end of the week then.
The whole affair has been a nuisance, and I want nothing more than to
wipe my hands clean of it."

Just as the Dark Lord seemed prepared to send them away, possibly after
a couple of hexings, someone activated the ward requesting entrance. A
crystal ball of dark green that appeared as nothing more than a
paperweight began to glow and a name floated across its surface.
Voldemort frowned curiously.

"Enter," he commanded.

A figure moved through the wall, cloaked from head to toe in grey fur
which was gradually turning colors to match the surrounding decor. It
moved slowly and deliberately towards the Dark Lord's desk and stopped
between Snape and a confused Lestrange.

"Harry, why aren't you resting in the infirmary?" Voldemort asked, half
curiosity, half irritation. "Does the medi-witch even know where you
are?"

"I left a note," he said, pulling back his hood.

"Potter," Lestrange growled, wanting nothing more than to throttle the
boy who had humiliated her by succeeding where she had failed. If it
hadn't been for him, even if Umbridge had succeeded, she was certain of
her ability to salvage the situation. The death of Severus and the
mudblood was hardly a loss to her. His eyes flashed towards her like a
Killing Curse, brilliant green and full of hatred. She stepped back,
startled.

He had not forgotten or forgiven her for abandoning Hermione for dead.

"Harry."

The boy's eyes softened as they turned back to the Dark Lord, who was
regarding him with unusual patience.

"*What are you doing here, Harry*?" he hissed in Parseltongue.

"*I... I don't know. I just figured... I didn't want to wait for you to
summon me.*"

Voldemort stared intently into Harry's wide green eyes. They were puffy,
likely from crying, bruised, and haunted. Why was the child so sad? Had
he not come out victorious? Was he afraid of his punishment for his
foolish adventure? Was he afraid the Dark Lord would be angry with him?

Harry had good reason to be afraid. Voldemort had wanted nothing more
than to take a pound of flesh after hearing the initial report from
Snape of Harry's escape from his dorm and then into the dungeons.

But such a thing seemed superfluous now. The child had been hurt, had
*died*, and certainly been frightened enough during his battle. He was
weak now. Punishing him could break him, and that wasn't what Voldemort
wanted. Obedience would have to be a lesson for another time.

"*I understand*," he hissed softly, then turned to the others. "I will
look after Mr. Potter, and return him to the infirmary later. You are
dismissed."

Snape and Lestrange turned to leave, but Harry grabbed the potion's
master's sleeve as he walked past. Snape looked down in surprise at the
intent expression on Harry's face, which so reminded him of someone else
from long ago. Someone who had not been James Potter.

"Thank you, Professor," the boy began, "for coming after us. For...
saving my life."

Snape said nothing, merely stared back until Harry looked away nervously
and down at his shoes. The potion's master smirked.

"I wouldn't thank me yet, Potter. I haven't told you about your
detentions. Your many, *many* detentions."

Harry grimaced, and Snape fought the urge to laugh evilly. Ah, well.
After the Dark Lord left. In the meantime, he tugged his sleeve free and
stalked past Lestrange, feeling inordinately please all of a sudden. He
adjusted his route towards the infirmary to see Hermione, suddenly
feeling content.

Really, things could only get better from here. No one had been
permanently hurt, except of course Umbridge (and really who cared?), the
basilisk was dead, he had gotten away without any harm done to his
person, Lestrange was no doubt going to throw herself into conniptions,
and he had months of Potter torment to look forward to.

Yes, this was starting out as a fabulous beginning to a new year.

---

Alone together, Harry and Voldemort wasted little time. The Dark Lord
summoned some hot tea for the boy and moved him to the couch, while he
sat in the chair across from him. He didn't even have to prompt the boy
to start talking, he was already desperate to be out with the story.

"I didn't think I'd find her alive," he said at one point, "Giant snakes
don't take hostages, so how could she be alive? I had to try though.
She's like a sister to me."

There had been a long moment of silence, the haunted look in Harry's
eyes deepening into barely suppressed horror, before he chased what ever
mental image or memory he was imagining with a gulp of hot tea.

Voldemort asked no questions, nor did he demand Harry look into his eyes
while the story unfolded. This was a confession, more than anything, and
the Dark Lord had no reason to doubt the boy's words. There were gaps of
course, perhaps to conceal some fellow student's assistance in his
escape from his dorm or some secret method used to reach the dungeons
faster than his professors, but nothing Voldemort found particularly
significant.

"... and then I cast a Disarming Spell, but it wasn't my wand at all. It
was a sword."

Here, Harry paused to look over at the weapon laying docilely on the
desk. McGonagall must have cleaned it off for it shown sparkling silver
with rubies the size of eggs embedded in the hilt.

"Where do you think it came from? I mean, it has to be magical since it
didn't rust in that place, but why hide it there?"

Voldemort wondered that himself, and stood up to see if he might gather
some clues. Yet when he reached out to touch it, it sparked violently,
singeing his fingers.

"My Lord!" Harry gasped in alarm

"I'm fine. There's a curse on this sword, a mild one. You say you
touched this without harm?"

"Yes. So did McGonagall. I handed it to her in the dungeons."

"Come here and see if you can still touch it."

Harry, reluctantly, did as commanded. Nothing happened.

"It must not like you," Harry said, earning him an annoyed look.
Voldemort studied it closely in the child's hands, though he didn't try
to touch it again. Just below the hilt of the sword a name was engraved
that he hadn't noticed before.

'Godric Gryffindor'.

"Merlin," Voldemort breathed out, reached out to take the sword again,
but quickly stopped himself. "I don't believe it."

"What? You recognize it?"

Voldemort smirked.

"Recognize it? Oh yes, it is a very precious item. This is the Sword of
Gryffindor, owned by Godric Gryffindor, one of the four founders of
Hogwarts. It's been lost for centuries."

Harry blinked in disbelief down at his prize.

"Well... I don't suppose anyone would go looking for it in a basilisk
nest..."

"Unless, they're a Gryffindor, of course," Voldemort said, chuckling at
the irony. Oh, this was deliciously unexpected. Well worth the destroyed
basilisk eggs. And his Harry had found it, or it had found Harry as the
case may be.

"What should I do with it?"

Voldemort smiled.

"There are no heirs of Gryffindor, so it would be best to keep it in the
school. The Headmistress' office holds quite the display of Founder's
artifacts. It will be safe there."

Harry frowned at the thought of handing the beautiful sword over to that
woman. Voldemort caught his irritated look.

"The Sword will always belong to Hogwarts, not the Headmistress."

"Yeah..." Harry conceded, reluctantly.

"If it's any consolation, I doubt it will like Bella any more than it
likes me."

The Gryffindor smirked. That was, in fact, a very good consolation.

They marveled over the sword for a bit longer, Voldemort providing more
history and legends about the sword and then theories about how it may
have ended up in the basilisk's nest (although he never mention his
other suspicion that it had sought Harry out specifically). The haunted
look receded from Harry's eyes, to be replaced by wonder and curiosity.
The boy's pale complexion even managed a blush when Voldemort suggested
a portrait be painted to commemorate Harry's defeat of the basilisk.

In fact, though Voldemort only mentioned it to illicit such a response,
it *was* a good idea. Such an adventure that had transpired below the
dungeons was the stuff of legends, and a significant event in the
history of Hogwarts. Even if Voldemort had to wait a hundred years
before he allowed anyone to know the truth of what had happened, he
thought it prudent to record it all while the memory was still fresh.
The Dark Lord quickly switched topics, setting aside but not forgetting
the idea.

After that, Harry's story became a bit more lively. The running and the
fighting came out in quick excited descriptions with the occasional
gesture to demonstrate how he'd maneuver the sword or when he'd lost his
wand yet again. He grew quiet again when he recalled his drowning, and
Voldemort fell into his silence as well. This was not a part of the
story he particularly cared for, the possibility of Harry's destruction
so very close it seemed inescapable, and yet the child rose triumphant
with the aid of his own personal guardian, returning from the lair of
the monster with the fair princess in hand.

Oh yes, this would all make a marvelous addition to 'Hogwarts a
History'. Normally when this sort of thing happened, everybody tended to
die or be maimed horribly.

But one should expect greater things from a true prince..
