# The Hunt

"*Expelliarmus!"*

"*Refutia!*Knock it off, Weasley. You're going to hit Angelina!" Harry
snapped, after fending off the third disarming spell Ron had thrown at
him.

"Ha! Says that bastard who cursed her!" Ron snarled, "What she do,
Potter? Turn down an offer for a date? Is that what happened to Sweety?
You're a sick bloody fucker! *Rofendio!*"

"*Refondae!* I didn't do anything, you stupid twat! She was like this
when I got here!"

"Sure, just like Sweety was just lying there when you found her too!
*Sorentia! Peticio salenco! Porinarde desticia!*"

Harry could only recognize the first two hexes, and with no time to
caste a counter curse *and* figure out the third, he caste his strongest
blocking charm. The spells smashed into it at once, causing his shield
to trembled violently until they dissipated or veered off harmlessly
into a wall. His arm tingled in the aftermath.

"Oh, bugger off, you flipping muggleborn-hating little Nazi. Clyde went
to get-"

The spell that hit him, smashed him sideways into wall. He fell to the
ground and was unable to move, too stunned to understand what had
happened. Ron had been in front of him, looking for an opening for his
next hex that hopefully wouldn't hit the still frozen Angelina, and what
ever had hit him had definitely come from behind but he hadn't heard a
curse.

"What is the meaning of this?" came an angry, feminine voice.

For an instant, Harry though Clyde had managed to find McGonagall, but
his heard sank as he managed to roll over weakly and look up at the
fuzzy outline of Madam Umbridge scowling down at him. He closed his eyes
and let out groan.

"I caught Potter hexing... whoever this is," he heard Ron say, and
suspected he'd thrown in accusatory pointing for dramatic affect.
Another familiar, and equally unwelcome voice joined in.

"That true, Potter?" McNair snarled.

Oh, wonderful. Two of his worst enemies (and a very annoying toad woman)
gathered in one spot, and him having already lost his wand.

"No," Harry said, not bothering to pick himself up. If they intended to
curse him again, he wasn't going to give them the excuse of self
defense. He would lay there and wait for Clyde to show up with a *real*
teacher and straighten this all out.

"Liar!" snarled Ron, "I was coming from the library, and saw him with
his wand pointed at that girl."

"*I* didn't point it at her," Harry grumbled, still not bothering to get
up or look at any of them. "*I* had my wand drawn in case who ever
cursed Angelina was still around. And shouldn't you be trying to fix
her? She could tell you exactly what happened."

There was a moment of silence, and Harry had to physically swallow
'nitwits!' before he earned himself another curse. There was some
shuffling about, and someone toed him sharply in the leg.

"Do get up, Mr. Potter," Umbridge twittered, "You're a student of
Hogwarts, not a drunken vagabond. Please behave accordingly."

He sat up, but didn't try to stand. He felt dizzy and still shaken from
the attack. Making himself comfortable against the wall, he searched the
corridor for his wand but realized it was useless. He'd have to find his
glasses first. A catch twenty-two situation. He couldn't find anything
without his glasses, and it was the glasses he needed to find.

"What's wrong with her?" he asked, waiting for his dizziness to pass
before starting his blind groping.

"Silence, Potter," McNair hissed.

"I don't know, Professor, I think he asked a very good question."

"What are you doing here McGonagal," growled McNair. "You should be at
dinner supervising the rabble."

"I am where ever my students need me most,*Professor*," came the cool
reply. A moment later, the witch's fuzzy silhouette knelt before him.
Gently, she set his glasses on his face. His vision cleared... mostly,
and he offered her a weak smile. She smiled back and helped him to is
feet, before turning her disapproving glare on the other two. "Clyde
Hoffman came to me reporting that one of my Gryffindors had been cursed,
and that Harry Potter had remained behind to guard her. I see it was
good that he did. I can't imagine what might have happened to a
paralyzed girl left unprotected with the three of you roaming the
halls."

"Now Professor McGonagal, do try to consider this situation from our
pint of view," Umbridge said, looking not the least bit contrite. "Two
students casting curses in the hall and a third already paralyzed! Such
extreme behavior can not be tolerated!"

Yet another voice joined the verbal battle, this one as smooth a silk
noose.

"But clearly it can be mimicked. What is going on here?"

"Potter cursed someone else!" Ron spouted quickly, determined to take
credit for the discovery.

"Weasley, shut up," Snape muttered. "The grownups are speaking.
McGonagal?"

She repeated what she had said before, then added, "I found Potter
slumped against the wall and his glasses on the floor. I think it's best
I take both children to the infirmary."

Snape nodded, dismissively. "Of course. They're from your house after
all."

Madam Umbridge, unable to let any opportunity to condescend pass her by,
protested.

"Now we must not act hastily. This is not a mere hex! A more thorough
investigation must be conducted!"

"I *told* you what happened!" insisted Ron, earning him another 'shut
up' from all the teachers. The potion's master sneered at the toady
woman with enough condescension it was a miracle the woman wasn't
drowning in it, then turned away from her to stand before Angelina. He
snatched the compact mirror from the frozen girl's hand and tossed it at
Umbridge.

"It should be fairly obvious what happened. A *spider* did it."

---

Starring across the infirmary at the still statuesque Angelina, Harry
somehow doubted her condition was cause by a spider. He had watched
Madam Pomfrey puttering about the girl for almost half an hour, neither
moving or speaking lest the medi-witch take note of him and close the
privacy screen around the paralyzed girl. McGonagal had stayed only long
enough to be sure her students were taken care of before escorting Clyde
back to the Great Hall, informing them that Harry would have to stay the
night in the infirmary while she went to inform the rest of the school
of what had occurred.

Harry would have liked to know what had happened as well. Snape had said
it was a spider, but what did a spider have to do with Angelina's
makeup? And if it was the same 'spider' that had killed Cassandra
Sweety, why was Angelina still alive?

It had to be a clue. An incredibly important clue, but Harry didn't know
what to make of it and frankly he wished he had gotten it without
someone else getting hurt. Would Angelina recover or remain like she was
forever? Somehow that seemed even worse than death.

His disturbing thoughts were interrupted by Professor Snape's entry. He
spared a warning glare for Harry, before casting a couple of charms.
Harry felt himself suddenly go deaf and the privacy screen around his
bed slid closed around him. He didn't dare try to counteract the spells
with Snape still present, even though he felt his insides squirm with
curiosity over the potion master's and the medi-witch's conversation.
Did Pomfrey know what had really happened? If Snape lied to her and she
believed it was a spider, would Angelina not receive the proper
treatment and never recover?

Only a few minutes had passed, when both spells were suddenly lifted and
Harry could see and hear them again. Madam Pomfrey was looking a bit
disgruntled, but encouragingly less frantic than she had before.
Snape... looked like typical Snape.

"I trust that blow to your head hasn't stolen what little remained of
your wits, Mr. Potter," the wizard said, moving towards him.

"He's quite alright. Just a mild concussion," Pomfrey insisted, then
flicked her wand at Angelina. "*Muscolo distendasi!*"

Angelina's previously immovable form suddenly went limp, landing half
way on the hospital bed. Displaying years of experienced nursing,
Pomfrey quickly and easily maneuvered the girl into a more comfortable
position before she spelled the screen closed. Harry guessed she was
getting Angelina ready for bed, and pointedly looked elsewhere. His eyes
immediately found Snape.

"Will she be alright?"

Snape pulled up a wooden chair, transfigured it into something much more
comfortable, and sat down. Harry thought it didn't bode well for him if
this very ill-tempered man was settling in for a nice long chat.

"You will be pleased to know Ms. Johnson will make a full recovery..."

The young Gryffindor felt the knot of anxiety in his stomach uncoil.

"... in about five months."

Err... well, at least she'd recover. She'd probably have to take the
entire year over again, but that was a small price to pay for being
alive and without any permanent damage. Although what the Quidditch team
would do without her he didn't even want to consider.

"Why so long?"

"She will require an antidote that will require very peculiar and very
*fresh* ingredients. Professor Sprout will have to grow much of it
herself. Luckily, I believe she has already ordered the mandrakes for
some of her second year students."

He wanted to ask more questions about the mandrakes and Angelina's
condition and what would happen now that there had been a second attack,
but he forced himself to hold his tongue. Snape wasn't here to talk
about any of those things, and could he really trust any of the man's
answers? So he stayed quiet and waited, staring down at his wand, which
he had refused to surrender even after being changed into hospital
pajamas. Snape noted the wand and nodded in approval.

"I have to ask, Mr. Potter, if you heard or saw anything suspicious
before or after you came upon Ms. Johnson. Voices perhaps or a fleeting
shadow?"

Harry gave his professor a queer look.

"Voices, Professor? Can acrumantulas speak as well as paralyze and kill
people? What talented creatures they are!"

"It was only an example, Potter! Ten points from Gryffindor for being
obnoxious. Now answer the question."

"No, I didn't see or hear anything. The hallway was empty."

"And why were you in there in the first place? Didn't you have
practice?"

Harry told him about Wood's instructions and the use of his pocket watch
to find her. Snape seemed to accept his explanation.

"Sir, what will happen now? Will everyone be stuck in their common rooms
again?"

"If you're lucky."

Snape settled back in his chair and studied the boy carefully, wondering
why the boy reminded him so much of Lily Evans when he looked so much
like James Potter. Was it the familiar concern in those bright green
eyes or that particular way he fiddled with his wand when nervous?

He didn't know, but whatever the reason, Snape didn't like the
similarities one bit.

If Harry didn't remind him so much of his mother, Snape theorized he
wouldn't give a damn about what might happen next. Certainly, he
wouldn't have felt even the tiniest twinge of guilt at the boy's subtle
and unconscious show of trust, for the boy turned to him far more often
than he should have when things went amiss.

"Will Voldemort come back?" Harry asked.

Snape's usual dark expression suddenly went neutral.

"Do you want him to?"

Harry fiddles with his wand, and considered.

"I just don't want anyone else to get hurt."

The irony of Harry's words were not lost on either of them.

"I am not sure what the Dark Lord will do. His business in Bristol is of
great importance to Britain's future. However, Hogwarts is a national
treasure in and of itself, and this sort of incident is bad for public
morale. It may be better for the school if Voldemort doesn't return for
a while yet. I'll give you back the ten points if you can tell me why."

Harry racked his brain for a reasonable answer, but all he could pull
together was a feeling of unease at the prospect of Voldemort in a bad
mood.

"Because he'll be cranky?"

Snape cough into his hand, fighting to keep his face neutral and not
actually smirk.

"Yes... well, that's true, but not the answer I'm looking for. Voldemort
will be in a hurry to return to Bristol. Haste and 'crankiness' will
lead to rash and likely *drastic* actions."

"Oh."

"Yes, Mr. Potter, 'oh' about sums it up. I would like to enlist your
assistance in preventing Our Lord's untimely return."

"What could I possibly do?"

"I want you to provide an alternative story about what happened.
Something that will point to a culprit unrelated to Ms. Sweety."

Harry scowled.

"If my friends and classmate's lives are in danger, they have the right
to know."

Snape matched his expression.

"I am a teacher, Mr. Potter. As irritating as I may find the entire lot
of you, student welfare is one of my responsibilities. Safety measure
will be taken regardless of what story is given, and all will be
provided with the appropriate level of protection. I require only that
you help divert a panic."

Harry settled back into his pillow and crossed his arms, and waited to
be convinced. Snape sneered in disgust.

"Very well, if public peace of mind is not enough for you, perhaps self
preservation will be."

"What are you talking about?"

The potion master smirked, already convinced he'd won the battle of
wills.

"No doubt Mr. Weasley is at this very moment down in the Great Hall,
telling everyone how you cursed your own house mate. No doubt they'll
bring up the late Ms. Sweety again, and review the matter will a more
'informed' perspective."

"What?! But it's a lie! Clyde was with me, he can vouch for me!"

"He's welcome to try, but whose to say that he didn't help you? Or
perhaps you 'confunded' him? No doubt you're a walking encyclopedia of
dark arts. Speaking to snakes, defeating former Death Eaters, and having
Voldemort's favor... It would hardly take much of a leap of logic to
assume that *you* are a Dark Wizard intent on ruling the school," Snape
said, the more absurd his postulations the more cruel his tone became.

What truly horrified Harry was that Snape was right. Ron Weasley
wouldn't stop spouting his ridiculous story, and the rest of the
students were often eager latch onto a good story regardless of it's
validity.

"You can stop the rumors?"

"Of course not. Gossip is a force that cannot be controlled, only
manipulated."

"So what do I do?"

"Blame someone else of course. I would suggest a Slytherin. Mr. Weasley
would be the most reasonable choice."

---

Snape left the infirmary without having finished his conversation with
Potter, and felt more than a little anxiety over the matter. Blast
Pompfrey and her weird belief that 'rest' cured everything from the flu
to head trauma. Potter had not looked the least bit pleased at his
suggestions. Snape understood his concerns, and he would have preferred
himself never to have suggested it and let the entire scenario play out
into one enormous mess of panic and rumor-mongering.

And he would have if Lestrange had been in the castle to take the blame.
Instead, the Headmistress was touring Britain, interviewing professors
for new teaching positions that were opening up next year. That mean the
Deputy Headmaster, one Severus Snape, had been in charge, and there was
no way he was going to take the fall for safety deficits that had been
Lestrange's doing.

The situation had to be controlled. Downplaying the situation as nothing
more than overzealous House rivalry was the only way to prevent student
and parent panic while still giving Snape the excuse he needed to
re-enact the safety precautions that Lestrange had prematurely removed.

Potter was his only hope to make that possible.

Merlin, that was a depressing thought!

---

Voldemort received news of another attack at Hogwarts while in a meeting
discussing taxes with four of the most talented economists in Wizarding
Britain. He wasn't sorry for the break, but neither was he pleased with
the source of the interruption. Commanding his secretary that no one
should disturb him, he returned to his office and considered his next
move.

His first instinct was to return to the castle, but if his first attempt
at locating the basilisk had failed then he doubted the second would be
anymore successful and he was too busy to go chasing phantoms. That's
what minions were for.

After meditating on the matter for almost an hour, he decided to wait.
Headmistress Lestrange was out of the castle, and this was the perfect
opportunity to see whether Snape had what it took to the run the school.
He was curious what the man would do. Would he immediately come begging
for assistance, let his pride allow the situation spiral out of control,
or demonstrate some of that Slytherin cunning of his and turn it all to
his favor?

He was willing to take a little risk to find the answer.

Except when it came to Harry. The young Gryffindor was doing well for
himself, especially after his defeat of McNair in Dueling Club and the
hype over his parselmouth abilities had died down. Harry was turning
into quite the powerful wizard, but Voldemort couldn't help worry about
his inexplicable ability to put himself in the middle of trouble. How
long before his prince ended up seriously hurt?

Lestrange was useless. Snape was better at cleaning up after problems
than preventing them. That left Tom. Tom was already dedicated to
Potter's well being, and his position as a peer rather than a superior
held many advantages. However, Tom was... Voldemort. Younger and more
idealistic, but still Voldemort and Voldemort knew himself well enough
that the boy would be unsatisfied with the current status quo. Snape's
letter suggesting Tom's interest in Potter might be political or carnal
or both disturbed him far more than it should. He should have merely
assumed Snape was tacking on a personal motivation for the Slytherin
boy's behavior. Tom spying on Potter was motivated only by Voldemort's
orders and twisted sense of filial duty... wasn't it?

Voldemort scowled. If there was one thing in the world he truly hated
(and truthfully he hated many things) it was uncertainties. Pressing the
intercom on his desk, he addressed his secretary.

"Get me Pettigrew. Immediately."

---

The next morning, Harry was escorted to the Great Hall for breakfast by
Percy Weasley. The older boy didn't ask him any questions, but there was
a sort of suspicion in his eyes that made Harry suspect that the
youngest Weasley brother hadn't wasted time spreading his 'Evil Harry'
story. He wasn't sure what he was going to do about that. The idea that
people would believe him capable of such horrible things was nauseating,
but Snape's idea to blame someone else to divert attention wasn't any
better. Why would Snape even suggest such a thing?

Ok, he had a vague idea why, and none of it had to do with Harry's well
being. At the same time, protecting Snape was just another reason to do
as the man asked. It hadn't occurred to Harry how much he relied on and
trusted Snape until now. All night he had shifted restlessly in his bed,
trying to convince himself that because Voldemort hadn't ordered the lie
there was no way he was going spread it. Yet the more he tried to
convince himself the guiltier he felt. Snape was not a likeable fellow,
and they were far from friendly terms, but...

He was there for Harry. Whenever he got into serious trouble the man was
there to guide him out of it or through it. He taught Harry not just
potions or dueling, but what it meant to live amongst the most powerful
wizards in Britain and how. Could he really deny Snape this one thing?
If he did, how much would Snape lose and how much would he himself lose
by proxy?

At the same time, when would the lies stop? How long before Harry's life
just became one long string of lies?

Harry ponder this as he entered the Great Hall, and noisy gossip turned
to whispers. Ironically, despite whispering the volume in the chamber
only seemed to get louder. Sighing, Harry found his usual seat amongst
his friends.

"Welcome back, Harry," Hermione greeted, "How do you feel? You look
tired."

"Couldn't sleep. Too much to think about," Harry said sleepily, then
started to gather some eggs onto his plate. "So have the rumors started
yet?"

Hermione shared an uncomfortable look with an angry-looking Clyde and a
nervous Ginny.

"Oh, everyone is just being so utterly ridiculous! And Ronald Weasley is
such a bloody prat!" she snapped, tossing down her fork angrily.

"Hm. I take it I'm public enemy number one now?"

Hermione glared at everyone around them, sending more than a few
students on an intent study of their breakfast, before leaning across
the table to whisper at Harry.

"Don't worry about it, Harry. Once we figure out what really did it,
then we can prove-"

"We already proved I was innocent, Hermione. I have a list of alibis,
and they've all been ignored," Harry interrupted. "Nobody cares. They
just want a story. Isn't that right, Clyde?"

"Bloody twats kept saying I was confused or covering up for you or
something stupid like that," the boy muttered angrily.

And here was Harry's opportunity. He could suggest to them right here
and now that Ronald Weasley may have set it all up. People were
listening in already, unable to avoid spying on the curiosity of the
day. He would only have to suggest it once to his friends.

Hermione would be skeptical. She was already convinced, like Harry was,
that this event was related to Sweety. Clyde and Ginny might latch onto
the idea immediately though. The surrounding Gryffindors might too, and
if he didn't try to force the explanation onto them the more likely they
would believe it. The counter theory would spread like wild fire, a
fascinating contrast to Ron's story that would add an intriguing twist
to the tale.

After that, it would be up to the rest of the students to decide. What
did they want to believe more? That suspicious Harry was guilty or a
Slytherin Weasley? That was as far as Snape had managed to layout what
would happen before Madam Pomfrey had expelled the man from the
infirmary. There had been no opportunity for questions or alternatives.
The many possible consequences were an unforeseeable danger.

He licked his suddenly dry lips and looked up at his friends, Snape's
story on the tip of his tongue. They were all looking at him with such
worried expressions. He couldn't do it. He couldn't use their friendship
as a springboard for some vague political maneuver.

"Don't worry about it," he said instead, "Snape said Angelina would
recover sometime in the next five months. Perhaps she'll be able to tell
everyone what happened."

"Five *months?*" Clyde exclaimed, "Don't tell me we have to put up with
this for five months!"

Ginny glowered at Clyde. "At least Angelina will live! Clyde, I can't
believe how selfish you are!"

He snorted at her. "Easy for you to say. You're not being accused of
being a liar or incompetent *or* an evil cronie."

Harry felt his lip twitch. "An evil cronie?"

"Don't laugh, Harry! It's not like what they're calling you is any
better!"

"I for one wouldn't mind being called Harry's evil cronie."

They all turned to see the Weasley twins coming up behind Harry. Clyde
and Ginny quickly scooted aside before either of the boys could sit on
them. Harry immediately found himself in the center of a 'Weasley
cuddle', as both boys latched onto him in their over-enthusiasm.

"Our Dark Underlord of Chaos, did that wicked boy dare to lay a hand on
you!?" Fred cried, using his words as an excuse to poke and tickle Harry
until he was laughing uncontrollably. As Harry's eyes started to water,
George batted his brother's hand away and leaned in to 'whisper' in his
ear.

"Don't worry, Master of Mayhem, we, your loyal devotees figured out what
*really* happened!"

Harry blinked at them, wondering if they were serious or this was the
beginning of another joke at his expense.

"That's right! Clyde told us everything that happened last night, and
after an excruciating process of reasoning and deduction lasting no less
than an entire two minutes, it came to us!"

Deciding it was yet another joke, Harry couldn't help but smile at their
antics despite the seriousness of the situation. Yet as they began to
speak, he couldn't help but notice that most of the students had stopped
talking in order to listen in.

"We realized almost immediately that something was off about Clyde's
story when he said Ron was alone on the fourth floor," George continued,
"Now we all know that the only thing up there is some class rooms and
the library. So why was Ron up there in the first place? He likes to
study about as much as he likes a skin rash."

Hermione seemed to sense where this was going and started to say
something, but let out a startled yelp instead. She glared at Fred
accusingly, but he was already picking up where his twin left off.

"The obvious answer is that he was a plant! He was there specifically to
accuse the next person who showed up of cursing Angelina!"

Murmuring broke out at the surrounding tables. Harry felt suddenly light
headed. What were Fred and George doing?

"Guys, come on," Harry protested, "Do you really think Ron could have
cast a curse like that? It's *way* too advanced. Why would he bother
anyway? He doesn't even know Angelina."

The twins let out identical grins, as if expecting Harry's response.

"Of course Ron didn't curse her! He was just a co-conspirator," Fred
said, "It was obviously the work of an older student."

"One who would have gained from taking out Gryffindor's leading chaser
just days before their next match!" George said.

Then together they called out so that the entire Great Hall could hear
them.

"Captain Flint!"

The hall burst out into amazed gasps, followed by a loud uproar. Harry
and Hermione just stared stupidly at one another, wondering what had
just happened. Clyde kept muttering 'why didn't *I* think of that?' At
the Slytherin table, Captain Flint and the rest of the Slytherin team
stood up to snarl at them.

"You take that back, you bloody fools!"

George laughed at them.

"Why should we? It's not like it would be the first time this sort of
thing has happened! You guys are sore losers even before the match has
started!"

At the teacher's table, McGonagal who seemed to have been waiting for
Snape to do something up until now, stood up.

"All of you sit down at once! This ridiculous mudslinging is entirely
unbefitting of boys your age!"

Someone at the Slytherin table took the opportunity to cast a hex at
George while he was distracted by the professor. Harry saw it coming
first and caste a shield, but someone else mistook it for another hex
and then everything just went crazy after that. Suddenly *everyone* was
casting spells. Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw were sandwiched between the
Slytherin and Gryffindor, the main combatants, and forced to start
casting against everyone just to keep from getting hit in the crossfire.
Plates of food exploded all around them, and soon everyone gave up on
spells and started throwing food (which was ironically harder to caste
shields against). Harry and Hermione slipped underneath the tables
almost as soon as the fighting started, dragging Clyde and Ginny with
them.

Clyde was grinning like a lunatic, while Ginny sulked over the glob of
oatmeal in her hair. Hermione quickly cast a cleaning charm on all of
them and Harry cast one of his stronger shield charms that blocked even
noise from their little bubble.

"Merlin, how did this happen?" Hermione cried, peeking out at the chaos
that was the Great Hall.

"I blame Ron," Clyde said cheerfully. "And of course, Captain Flint, but
mostly Ron."

"Don't be stupid, Clyde. Ron's a prat, but he's not some conspirator!"

"Then why was he there in the first place?"

Now Harry didn't think Ron had cursed Angelina, but that was still a
very good question. Hermione suddenly blushed.

"He- he... my brother sent him to the library to call be down to dinner.
I told him to leave me alone and he stormed off! I was only a few doors
down from where it happened and I didn't hear or see a thing!"

Harry was horrified. Hermione, his very best friend, had come so close
to being like Angelina or worse, like Sweety. If she hadn't argued with
Ron, would she too have run into whatever had hurt the Gryffindor
chaser?

"This is bad," Harry said, "Very, very bad. Whatever got Sweety isn't
limited to the dungeon lavatory anymore. It's roaming the rest of the
school as well. We need to find out what it is and stop it fast!"

Clyde looked confused.

"What do you mean? How could this be the same as with Sweety? Angelina
was paralyzed. She didn't *die*."

"I don't know, but Snape confirmed it for me when he said a spider did
it. It meant that the two are related... Wait! Angelina had make-up!"

His friends looked at him oddly.

"I mean, she had a compact mirror! I remember because Snape took it out
of her hands and tossed it to McNair. She was looking at it when I found
her. Maybe the mirror somehow limited the effects of the curse or
something?"

"Hey, you're right!" Clyde agreed. "I completely forgot about that! So
what does it all mean? We got a 'something' that was probably guarding a
secret passage in the dungeon lavatory, but is now roaming the halls. No
one has seen it accept for the people it's cursed, it's curse will kill
accept in the presence of a mirror where it will only paralyze-"

"Oh, and the paralysis can be cured with a potion that uses mandrakes,"
Harry added, remembering what Snape had said earlier.

"Righto, mate. Mandrakes. And last but not least, Voldemort and the
other teachers seem to know what it is, but haven't or can't stop
him/her/it. Argh! This is driving me nuts!"

Harry patted him on the back sympathetically.

"No, this is good," Hermione said, looking very excited, "It's finally
starting to come together. I've got a good idea on what we need to look
for, but we need to get some books before I can confirm it."

"Good luck," Harry groaned, "After this, Snape's not gonna let any of us
out of his sight. If he catches us..."

He caught himself before he mention Sirius and Remus. He hadn't
mentioned either of them to Clyde or Ginny, and though his trust in them
was growing, he didn't think now was the time or place to bring them up.
They had enough on their plates without bringing in Harry's demented
family situation. The unsaid threat however seemed to do its job,
leaving everyone uncomfortable at the prospect of Snape's possible
punishments.

"Hey, I think the fighting's stopped," Ginny said finally, and Harry
cancelled the shield charm so they could climb out of their hiding
spots.

Just in time for Snape, who appeared in mid rant, to spot them.

"And you Mr.Potter will be joining them in detention!"

"What? What did I do?"

Snape sneered. "They're your minions, you should have better control
over them."

Harry turned to the Weasley twins, who tried to look contrite, but only
managed to look ridiculous with neon pink freckles and covered in
scrambled eggs.

"And when, where, and what is my detention?" he asked them, after
everyone had settled down from Snape's tongue lashing, too subdued to
even gossip.

"Owlry, Saturday, and I think you can guess what we'll be doing."

Harry let out a groan and tried to figure out what was worse. Cleaning
the owlry while some homicidal *thing* wandered Hogwarts or being accuse
of being said homicidal thing in the comfort of his own dorm room.

Decisions, decisions.

---

"I think that went very well. That story was perfect. Making the
Slytherins the villians was brilliant," Fred congratulated, as they made
their way to their first class of the day.

"Yes, I think you're right," George agreed, "Too bad about the detention
though."

"It won't take long with the three of us. Besides, Harry didn't look too
upset. Things should go a lot more smoothly for him now."

"Except with his Slytherin friends, of course."

The twins looked at each other, smirked and shrugged it off as
unimportant.

"Now we just have to figure out how to protect him from Rook..."

"And the monster."

"And fangirls."

"And fan*boy*s."

"Voldemort."

"Now you're getting a bit ambitious, George."

"Ambition is my middle name!"

"Liar, your middle name is Winthrope!"

George coughed and pretended he hadn't heard him.

"So what should we do about Ronnie-kins? He'll only get worse now."

"Harry can handle Ron. His a little spitfire, remember? We'll let them
fight it out."

"Thus, perpetuating the chaos as is our mission!"

The twins laughed maniacally, the future looking perfectly marvelous to
them.
