# Tribute to the Prince

Harry did not go back to work at Wibble's Wards and Boundaries, Inc. In
fact, no one went back. According to the Wizard Weekly, Mr. John Wibble
was being cited for child endangerment and exploitation as well as other
shady business practices, and had been suspended from business until the
investigation was over. Harry assumed they were referring to him, but
since no one ever questioned him about the werewolf incident again, he
was never completely sure. He felt rather bad for the other employees
losing their jobs, but knew if it hadn't been him it would have been
some other child who was lied to, and the law still would have been
broken even if the Court never learned of it. After all, it was common
knowledge that minors were not allowed within half a mile of werewolf
territories.

The entire fiasco had left him frustrated, anxious, and feeling lonelier
than before. No one brought up the incident, but Harry felt it marked
everything he did and said. His thoughts often wondered to Sirius and
Remus, wondering if they were ok and if they missed him or felt guilty
for what almost happened. His dreams were filled with nightmares, some
about werewolves, but mostly about Snape or Voldemort or even Umbridge
coming to punish him. He did not attempt to find another job. He had a
strange fear that McGonagall would refuse him. He hadn't told his friend
about being fired either, and hoped they didn't read the business
section of the newspaper . He didn't want to have to lie to them.
*Again*.

And if all that wasn't bad enough, his diary, one of the few magical
items he owned, was broken. He had woken up late the next evening in his
bed, with Mrs. Sleuw chiding him for getting sick *after* he left the
hospital. She had said she couldn't wake him that morning and he looked
so ill, she let him sleep. Once she had left him alone, he had found the
book in his desk, his writing still clear as day in it. After testing it
with a few scribbles, the writing didn't disappear and he could feel no
magic from it. He suspected he had over used it the night before and
somehow short-circuited it as well as himself. He didn't remember what
happened after that, but he must have woken up briefly to change and get
into bed.

Days passed uneventfully, marked only by his chores, his school work,
and his letters until August 1st. His birthday arrived on a sunny
Thursday, and the first to greet him were a motley flock of owls outside
his room. As soon as he opened his window for them, Elsbeth charged in
and dumped a parcel on his bed and quickly claimed her rightful perch.
She was followed by six other owls who behaved similarly, dumping their
parcels and letters before finding various places to land in his room.

It was probably the most birthday presents he had ever received in his
life (his parents usually only gave him one present each and he didn't
have many friends in Germany), and his only regret was that the givers
couldn't have been there in person. He opened the parcel Elsbeth had
been carrying first, knowing she was returning from Hermione's. Inside
was a small book of spells titled, 'One Hundred Spells They Should, But
Don't, Teach You In School' and a dark red card with a golden Snitch
zooming about the outside.

*Dear Harry*

*Happy Birthday. I wish I could be there to give this to you in person.*
*I know you're not exactly bookish, but you'll love this one, I promise.
There's even a spell in there for animating drawings. Since the school
year is coming up soon, I wanted to know if you'd like to try to come to
Daigon Alley with me and Draco. We said we'd show you around last year,
and I think you'd have a grand time. I know you're probably still busy
with work, but if you could write any convenient dates or times than we
can try and set something up. Can't wait to see you!*

*Sincerly,*

*Hermione*

Ah, he'd almost forgotten about their promise to show him around. It
sounded like a wonderful idea. The first thing other than the start of
term he had to look forward to in a while.

The next one he opened was a small package, but when he took off the
postage wrap, a large sketch pad and colored pencils grew out of it. On
it was a very short note in Natalie's elegant silver script on green
paper.

*Your pictures of me are much too small to hang on my wall, and black
and white hardly does me justice. These should work much better. Oh, and
Happy Birthday.*

He chuckled in amusement, although he was rather touched that she had
thought to get him anything. Next was Clyde's present, involving a lot
of junk food and a catalogue of quidditch supplies. His card had an
entire quidditch team fighting it out, and inside he wrote about seeing
him in Daigon Alley before the start of term as well. With those three
out of the way, he was completely uncertain about who else may have sent
him something and he didn't recognize the owls either.

He opened the one with only a letter first, which turned out to be his
school supply list. The next one gave him pause. There was an address on
it, but he couldn't believe that it was correct, so he reluctantly set
it aside for a moment. He didn't recognize the address on the other
letter either, but he did recognize the seal. A skull with a snake
slithering through the eye sockets.

And this man lived nine months out of the year surrounded by school
children. Geh.

He opened it to reveal a plain black card, with a golden 'V' on the
outside. When he opened it a small gold band fell out. Gold script was
also on the inside.

*Dear Harry,*

*Once again you have misplaced yourself. As I am rather fond of you, I
have enclosed a device to help keep you on the proper course. Simply
insert the ring into your pocket watch, say the name of the location you
wish to go, and the hands of your watch will point you in the right
direction.* *I hope this helps you with your New Year's resolution.
Happy Birthday.*

*V.*

"Well," Harry said to Elsbeth, "At least he doesn't seem to be mad at
me."

The last item was a package, the sender listed as a catalogue company in
Sussex he had never heard of. He opened it, and inside found a letter
and a wooden box. He tried opening the box, but the latch wouldn't budge
so he went back to the letter.

*Dear Harry*

*I apologize in advance for the deception. Smuggling letters, let alone
packages, from outside of Britian is a tricky business these days, but I
think this worth the risk."*

Uh-oh. At this point, Harry knew he should stop reading and hand
everything over to the proper authorities. He was in enough trouble as
it was without excepting contraband from strangers in other countries.

At the same time, it couldn't hurt just to read the letter.

Right?

*I am an old acquaintance of your father and mother, and James left in
my charge something very valuable. Your family fled Britian before I
could return it and then disappeared completely. I have just recently
received news of your return to Britian and Hogwarts itself. My
condolences on your loss, they were both some of finest people I ever
had the privilege of meeting. I know that they would be very proud of
you. That being said, I return this to its rightful owner and apologize
for not getting it to you sooner. It is a one of kind item, so I
recommend being discreet in whom you tell about it and when and how you
use it.* *Happy Birthday.*

*Sincerely,*

*A family friend.*

*P.S. The password is Lily's favorite flower.*

"Smashing," Harry said to his feathery contingent. "Yet *another*
secret."

Any plans he had made of turning the package over to someone had left
his mind as easily as if it had never been there. Whatever it was, it
apparently belonged to his father, and thus him. With his access to his
family vault questionable, he decided that risking another family
treasure was not in his best interest. Looking at the plain wooden box,
he wondered what was inside and tried to recall his mother's favorite
flower. It had been four years since he'd last seen her, and of all the
things he tended to recall, flowers were not one of them. Nothing came
to mind. It was very possible the memory spells at WYRA had taken the
knowledge from him.

"Well, bloody, *fucking* hell..."

Frustrated, he set the box aside for later. He picked up the package
with the impossible address. Since he had already opened a package he
shouldn't have, he was feeling pretty rebellious at the moment. He was
still a bit cautious though.

Getting mail from a werewolf territory may or may not be illegal.

Not knowing if the package might contain a dead rabbit or Sirius' ear or
something equally horrible, he opened the letter first.

*Hey, Prongslet*

Well, that was a promising start.

*You have the damnedest luck. I heard from Athena what happened. There's
nothing I can say that would tell you how truly sorry we both are. We
were careless, and you suffered for that. If you don't wish to speak to
us anymore, we would understand.* *Having said that, you're James and
Lily's son so it probably never crossed mind.*

Harry rolled his eyes.

*Slivermoon and I are both fine, so we don't want you worrying about
that. We've also been given permission to write supervised letters if we
behave ourselves. Don't be surprised if there's long silences between
letters. We're not exactly known for our 'good behavior'. Anyway, when
you write back, you're suppose to give your letters to Snape (insert
gagging sounds here), and be aware he'll be reading them first. Takes
the fun out of a lot of it, but it's a lot more than I thought possible
without breaking at least half a dozen laws (perhaps that's why it's not
as fun?). They gave me a whole bunch of rules, but I don't remember half
of them. Snape will likely have twenty more, so good luck with that.*

*Oh, and we made you something. Nothing fancy I'm afraid. We keep things
simple around here. No magic either. Remus had his wand taken away for a
month and I haven't seen mine in years. I think you'll find use of it
regardless.*

*Happy Birthday, Harry. We're so proud of you.*

*Yucky hugs and kisses from your overly affectionate extended family,*

*Sirius Blackbone & Remus Slivermoon*

Harry felt a rush a warm as he finished his letter. This was something
good, no something wonderful. He had a family that he didn't have to
hide. Ok, it was sort of like having a family stuck in prison for life,
but it was still something precious. He could finally tell Hermione and
Clyde and perhaps even Natalie and Draco.

It was suspicious as hell, he knew, that after all that had happened
they would be *rewarded* like this, but Harry didn't care. If after
first nearly being killed by werewolves and then abducted to be turned
into one, he was *finally* going keep them in his life than he would
hold no regrets.

The gift they had made him was set of leather arm guards with strips of
bronze plating on the outside. The inside of the leather had Sirius and
Remus' mark, a crescent moon resting over crossbones. The right guard
had a trip spring so if he bent his wrist just right, his wand could pop
out into his hand. It was just what he needed. Elsbeth, gentle though
she was, had already scratched the hell out of his arms.

From down the hall he could make out the sounds of Mr. and Mrs. Sleuw
rising for the morning. Feeling strangely paranoid (and with some of his
gifts he had very good reason to be), he quickly gathered up all his
presents and cards and hid them in his trunk, then gave all the delivery
owls treats or their pay and hurried them out the window (except for
Elsbeth of course).

When everything was as it was before, and not a suspicious item in
sight, he got dressed and headed down stairs to help with breakfast as
if it nothing unusual had occured.

This was all just another day in the life of the infamous Harry Potter,
after all.

---

Harry met with Hermione, Draco, Natalie, Pansy Parkinson, and Blaise
Zabini a week before the start of term to visit Daigon Alley for school
supplies. Clyde and the Weasley twins had said they were going on the
same day with their grandparents, and said they'd keep an eye out for
them. Having seen hardly anyone but the Sleuw's for weeks, he was
ecstatic to be among other students again, and not even Snape glowering
at them could dampen his enthusiasm.

The potion's master, being Hermione's and Draco's godfather, had been
roped into escorting them all by Mrs. Malfoy. He had already completed
his first trip to Diagon alley with Hogwarts new muggleborns, and was
not looking at all pleased to be going again. Neither of the young
Malfoy children looked particularly concerned, so Harry just took it in
stride.

He'd met with Snape in Hogsmeade, portkeyed to Malfoy Manor to pick up
everyone else, and then taken their floo to a dingy little pub in Daigon
Alley. The man stepped out onto the street, pointed to the bookstore and
told them to meet him there at an appointed time, then stalked off
towards a rather shady looking street. Harry blinked stupidly at the
man's back.

"I thought he was our escort?" he asked, turning to the others. The
Slytherins chuckled.

"As if we need someone holding our hand," Draco sneered. "It's not like
its dangerous around here. This entire street has enough protection
spells and Court sentries to give Hogwarts a run for its money."

Harry shrugged. It was for the best, he supposed. He didn't want this
trip to be as rushed and uneventful as his first one was. He caught
Hermione giving him a meaningful look, and intentionally fell behind
their little group to talk to her in relative privacy.

"Your last couple of letters have been kind of mysterious, Harry. You
keep saying something wonderful happened, but you don't go into it.
What's the big secret?"

Harry glanced around to make sure no one was paying them any attention.

"Well... I learned my parents were both wizards," he said. Even though
he had learned this last year, it was Sirius and Remus who had told him
so he had not been able to tell her at the time. Now that he *could*
tell her about them, it freed up this information as well. "And my
godfather is also a wizard, and he lives here in Britian. I got a letter
from him on my birthday."

"Oh, Harry that's wonderful! I'm so happy for you! Where did they live?
Did either of them go to Hogwarts? Have you met your godfather in person
yet? Do you think he'll adopt you? Why have you been secretive about all
this?"

"Shhh! It's not as simple as it sounds. My parents fought against
Voldemort during the war. Their names have a Taboo on them in Britian,"
he explained, and Hermione instantly paled. Taboos were no laughing
matter. Speaking a Taboo name could have you sent to the Court prison
for days or even weeks of interrogation, and if found guilty of treason
it was Azkaban, lycanthropy, or death for the charged. "And my godfather
is a werewolf. He was convicted of treason just after the war, and
Greyback took him in. It's taken him over a year to get through all the
red tape just to be able to send me letters."

All Hermione could do was gape, and then shake her head.

"Only you, Harry," she sighed. He grinned at her.

"Well I can't have you getting bored now can I? I'll tell you more about
it when term starts. Lets just pretend I'm normal for once, and see how
it goes. If we're not invaded by a goblin army by tea time, I think the
day will have turned out quite well."

With their Slytherin company, they went from shop to shop, starting with
'Gamblers and Gook's Game Shop', on to 'Manatoba's Magical Menagerie',
then an apothecary called simply 'Apothecary'. They stopped at almost a
dozen shops, most of which were only visited briefly to explain to Harry
what they sold or just to pick up school supplies, but others everyone
lingered in to admire the merchandise for a long time. Harry, Draco, and
Blaise all crowded around the sporting goods store, admiring the latest
edition of Cleansweep brooms and the many varieties of swords for
fencing clubs. Hermione, Natalie, and Pansy let them be to wander about
'Lord Burkland's', a high-end jewelry store. They all had a great time,
showing everyone else what they got (Harry got very little compared to
everyone else, but what he did get he had to hide away from Hermione for
her birthday). When there was only forty-five minutes left before they
had to meet up with Snape and Hermione became absolutely *insistent*,
they headed to the bookstore, Borgen's and Blott's, for their text
books.

Hogwart's new textbooks are bundled together by year, and the others
merely had to select the appropriate bundle and then wandered off to
browse. Harry wanted second hand books to save money, so was forced to
head from isle to isle searching for them. While looking for Philip
Tulip's 'A Practical Guide to Impractical Plants', he bumped into a girl
he vaguely recognized as the youngest of the Weasley clan. She was a
little elfin creature, with soft features and large eyes, and spattering
of freckles across her nose that made her look like a child's doll. She
was glowering at an arithmancy book like it had wronged her some how.

"It's not as hard as it looks," Harry said, startling her a bit,
"Professor Vector shows us all the cheats after every section."

"Oh! Hello," she said, blushing a bit. "Do you go to Hogwarts too? This
is going to be my first year."

He smiled at her reassuringly. "Yep, this will be my second year. I'm in
Gryffindor with some of your brothers, and I play on the quiddtich with
Fred and George. You're Ginny, right?"

"Oh! You're Harry Potter. They wrote about you in a couple of their
letters. They said you were their god. You don't have pockets full of
Zonko's trick toys do you?"

Now it was Harry's turn to blush a bit.

"No, no, I leave the pranking to them. I get in enough trouble without
looking for it. Speaking of the twins, they're not around here are
they?"

"No," she said, "They shouldn't be around until about noon. Why?"

"Last year they said they'd have to beat the boys off you with a broom
when you got to Hogwarts. I just want to make sure they aren't coming up
behind me with it."

She giggled at that and turned even more pink. Soon they fell into a
discussion about Hogwarts, as Harry explained to her some of the ins and
outs of the school and helped her find her books while he looked for his
own. She asked him all sorts of questions, about the school, about him,
her brothers, and finally in the most timid of voices she asked about
Voldemort.

"Does he really live at the school?"

Harry wondered that sometimes himself.

"I don't really know. He probably has a room there somewhere, but I
don't think he lives there all year. He comes to dinner a couple times a
week and he has an office in the highest tower of the school. It's a
nice office, but I don't think he could run the entirety of Britian from
there."

"You've been in his office?"

"Well, yes..."

She gaped at him. "Wow."

He chuckled at her. "I've been crucio-ed by him too, but we've been
getting along much better since then."

If her mouth hadn't been hanging open already, her jaw surely would have
dropped. He laughed.

"Oh, you're teasing me!" she grumped. "You'd think I wouldn't be that
gullible with brothers like mine, but you really had me going. Now I see
why Fred and George like you so much."

He decided not to correct her. When she got to Hogwarts she would hear
all sorts of rumors about him, and it would be funny to see her
surprised all over again.

"Harry, do you have all your books yet?"

He turned around to see Natalie striding towards them. He couldn't help
but notice that her relaxed manner had receded into something predatory,
a measuring look in her eyes. She came to stand right next to him and
took his arm in hers. She smiled sweetly at him and it looked all wrong.

"If you don't hurry we'll be late and Snape will throw a fit," she said,
and then glanced over at Ginny who was looking at her rather nervously.
"Why Ginerva, I haven't seen you in a while. So you managed to get into
Hogwarts after all."

There was something not at all friendly about her words, though she kept
smiling pleasantly. The youngest Weasley didn't look happy. Harry
decided to spare her the discomfort by taking Natalie's advice.

"You're right," he said, "we better hurry. It was nice meeting you,
Ginny. I'll look for you at the start of term!"

The girl made a odd hand gesture that might have been a wave, and Harry
walked with Natalie to the checkout counter.

"Old acquaintance?" he asked when they were out of ear shot.

Natalie snorted.

"We were in the same primary school. Draco used to have the silliest
crush on her, but thank God he grew out of it. They were a lousy match.
Prim and proper Draco wouldn't even stoop to finger painting, and she
was practically rolling in the mud on most days." She glanced over at
the redhead now looking for the remainder of her books, sneering. "I see
not much has changed."

Harry peeked over as well. Her clothes definitely weren't the finest,
being a little faded and of a style favored by the less ostentatious
ranks of Wizarding Britian, but she looked tidy and clean enough to him.
She was pretty, in a different way than Hermione and Natalie. A warm and
homey way that made you unafraid to approach her in ways you never would
upper crust girls like them.

"You know, I am even poorer than she is, don't you?" he said, lifting an
eyebrow. She grinned, squeezing his arm affectionately.

"That maybe so, but you have something that she doesn't."

"What's that? An excess of lives?"

"No, darling. You've got *class*."

---

Ginny Weasley watched Natalie Cypher with a familiar loathing. The blond
witch (and she didn't mean 'witch' in the literal sense) was just as she
remembered her. Beautiful, cold, and a complete snob.

What a boy as nice as Harry Potter saw in her, she had no idea. She
could see Natalie whispering things in his ear, and had no doubt about
her subject. Still, when the boy at her arm caught Ginny's eye, he
smiled at her the same way he had before. She had to duct her head so he
wouldn't see her blush. Fred and George had written that, in addition to
being their god, Harry was the cutest boy they had ever met. She thought
that meant he'd be short and girly, but he wasn't.

He was slim and a little shorter than most boys, but he held himself in
a way that made you over look that. He was friendly, but not
presumptuously so. His appearance was neat and tidy, but his messy hair
kept him from looking overly prim like her brother Percy, and instead
made him look both dignified and approachable. And he had the most
incredible green eyes she had ever seen.

Oh, this was bad, she knew. When she started fixating on the eyes, she
knew she was already knee deep in a crush and sinking fast. What chance
did a poor little nobody like her have with someone like him? He was
handsome, the youngest Hogwarts Seeker in a century, hung out with some
of the richest kids in school, and had Natalie Cypher as a girlfriend.

It was *impossible*.

And yet... he was still smiling at her.

---
