# The Prince and the Red Knight

"Were you able to find anything?"

Hermione shook her head, and sat down at the table for lunch. After
class she had gone to the library to look for the book she though might
solve their mystery, while Harry and Clyde had been roped into an
emergency meeting with the Gryffindor Quidditch team. Oliver Wood was in
a complete panic over the loss of Angelina and more than a little
paranoid that Slytherin would start targeting his players routinely. It
had taken an intervention by McGonagal and some stern words directed at
the team captain before they were finally allowed to head to dinner.

"I haven't been able to get to the library yet, and it looks like I
won't be able to tonight either. The corridor was cordoned off and a
Sentinal was snooping around. Though, I doubt she'll find anything with
all the curses Ron and you tossed about. We should be able to go
together on Saturday though. I doubt anyone's going to be desperate to
get their hands on 'Guardian Beasts'. It actually growls at you when you
touch it."

"Afraid I'm going to have to sit this one out. I have to go clean the
owlry with Fred and George tomorrow and then there's the Quiddtich
match, remember? Just be careful. Don't go anywhere alone for awhile, ok
Hermione?"

"I will if you will, Mr. Potter," she said airily, "You've got more
enemies than me at the moment, in case you haven't noticed?"

"She's got you there, mate," Clyde said, gesturing towards the Slytherin
table. "I wouldn't fancy meeting any of that lot alone in the halls."

Harry silently agreed. The tension in the school was palpable,
particularly between the two rival houses. Harry and several of his
classmates had witnessed two seventh years dueling in an abandoned
classroom next to transfigurations. It was with a bit of pride that
Harry noted several glaring mistakes they made while tossing around
petty jinxes and hexes even when most everyone seemed overly impressed,
and attributed it to his time in Dueling Club. Their biggest mistake,
however, was starting a fight so close to Professor McGonagall. The
three nights of detention would be putting definite damper on their
weekend.

And that was only a little of what Harry actually *saw*. There had been
several accounts already of duels, pranks, and mysterious curses
elsewhere in the school. Madam Pomfrey was said to be quite busy. Even
the Weasley twins, skilled duelist and pranksters themselves, hadn't
come out unscathed. Fred had been jinxed to say 'I'm with stupider' and
point at George whenever someone spoke to them. George got hexed and his
tongue went completely numb so he could barely talk for an hour. It
might have been pretty funny except he had been standing next to them
when it happened, and still no one knew who the culprit was.

So far he had avoided most of the trouble, accept for an angry note at
his desk and a few suspicious looks. He wondered how long his good luck
would hold out.

"Do you suppose Draco and Natalie are mad at me too?"

"Natalie, probably not," Hermione said, sounding a bit irritated at the
mention of the other girl. "Draco... is probably just mad in general. He
got in as a reserve Seeker you know, so he's taking the accusations kind
of personally. At least he's been keeping Ron under control during our
classes together, so that's a good sign."

Harry wasn't so sure. It might have meant nothing more than Draco not
wanting Ron starting a fight with Harry and substantiating any of the
twin's claims. He would have to find a way to talk to him and Natalie in
order to clear things up, but even then it would be some time before
they would be able to hangout together as casually as they had last
year.

Hermione's startled yelp, drew the boys attention just in time to see
her flicking a furry body off the table.

"Merlin's sake, Bilgerat, the table is no place for a rodent!"

---

"Collin Creevy was sent to St. Mungo's! Someone cursed his eyeballs to
fall out!"

"Ms. Bulstrode would you please go to your own class and be quiet! You
are not a newsie!" Professor Toure scolded, but the Slytherin girl had
by then already sprinted off to tell the next class.

Harry and Hermione shared concerned looks. They only knew Creevy as a
first year with a fondness for his camera and using it at inappropriate
times, but otherwise completely harmless. Who would have done something
so drastic?

---

Tom Riddle calmly took down his notes for arithmancy, subtly shifting
the numbers around to see if he might have miscalculated the timing or
location of his hex. It would be silly to be caught over something so
trivial, but with so much magical mischief floating about the school he
had felt it safe enough to indulge in a little of his own natural
malice.

Besides, that Creevy boy should have known better than to try snapping
his pictures in the Slytherin's dungeons. He should consider himself
lucky he hadn't ended up like Sweety.

---

It turned out that Collin Creevy's eyes had*not* been cursed to fall
out. They'd falling *in* to his head, which while probably extremely
frightening to experience, was easy enough to fix. He was back in the
common room by the end of the school day, grossing out his fellow
Gryffindors with pictures he'd had one of the medi-witches take of his
seemingly eyeless head. Clyde had puked twice after seeing it. Harry,
Hermione, and Ginny wisely avoided looking.

The list of casualties in the Gryffindor/Slytherin conflict had only
increased as the day went on, though nothing as bad as Creevy the
Eyeless Wonder happened again. Harry had finally gotten hit by a
Coughing Curse on his way to Herbology, which sent him coughing
uncontrollable until he could barely breath and was struggling not to
gag. Luckily, Hermione knew the counter curse, but a group of Slytherins
had blocked her from him for almost three minutes before Clyde and some
of his friends had physically shoved them out of Hermione's way. He was
physically weak from being unable to breath for so long and his throat
was raw, but he ignored everyone's advice to go to the Hospital wing and
marched right out to the greenhouses with as much dignity as he could
muster.

He was glad he did, despite feeling ill through most of the class, when
Professor Sprout introduced them to mandrakes. They were fascinating.
Hideous, but fascinating. Watching one bite Draco's finger was just
plain hilarious. Or perhaps it was just that someone had turned his hair
into fuschia spikes.

It was about the only thing Harry found funny about that day. Everyone
was so tense and paranoid and angry, that he couldn't drop his guard for
even a second to enjoy his renewed friendship with Clyde or some of the
sillier curses floating around. Harry had hoped something would be done
to end the fighting soon, but when Snape finally made an announcement
during dinner to do just that, it wasn't at all what the young
Gryffindor had hoped for.

"Once again, your juvenile behavior has required that I take drastic
action," the potion's master sneered, glaring out over the four tables.
"Since you all can not seem to be trusted to your own devices, all
extracurricular activities will be cancelled with the exception of those
supervised by a teacher. You will be escorted between classes by
prefects and specially assigned students. You will return to your dorms
directly after dinner. Anyone caught casting spells on a fellow student
without a teacher's permission will have their wand revoked for an
entire day. Hogsmeade weekends are cancelled, as well as Quidditch. That
is all."

There was much whining and muttering. Oliver Wood practically collapsed
into his bowl. Adding insult to injury, the only thing for dinner that
evening was porridge and wheat rolls. Harry didn't join in with the
table's complaints, instead mulling over Snape's latest orders. They
were pretty much the same restrictions the students had been given after
Sweety's death.

Was it possible that *this* was what Snape had *hoped* for?

---

Late Saturday afternoon found Harry trudging behind the Weasley twins
down to the main floor under Umbridge and McNair's watchful stares.
Apparently, Snape hadn't thought cleaning the entire owlry by hand was
enough of a punishment. He had sent those two to *supervise*. McNair had
barely said a word, obviously disgruntled at having his spare time
wasted on them, but Umbridge couldn't seem to shut up. She kept stopping
them at odd moments to tell them they missed a spot or where they should
scrub next or to put more effort into it. Harry came very close to
hurling his bird crap covered scrubber at her. He didn't doubt the
Weasley twins were plotting their revenge.

With Umbridge's insistent nitpicking and micro-managing, it was well
after lunch by the time they finished. Tired, sore, and hungry, they
stopped by their dorms briefly to clean up and then went in search of
the kitchens, only to find that the hallway had been cordoned off with a
barrier shield. In front of the shield was a sign that read: No Student
Access.

"Blimey, this is getting out of hand. That's the third barrier I've seen
since this morning," Fred said, scratching his head. "Do you suppose
Snape's inhaled too many potion's fumes and gone nutters?"

"Maybe he thinks the house elves cursed Angelina now," George giggled.

Harry, already in a bad mood, scowled darkly at him. "That's not funny."

George sighed. "No, it isn't... Shit. What now?"

"We'll just have to wait until dinner," Harry said, heading towards the
library. His stomach twisted uncomfortably, demanding food but he
ignored it. It had been some time since he'd been forced to go hungry,
but he knew from experience a few hours wouldn't kill him. "I'm going to
look for my friends in the library."

"We'll go with. Maybe we can get Clydy-kins to hand over some of his
Halloween stash," Fred suggested. Harry wasn't about to point out that
Clyde probably didn't have any candy left and wouldn't be getting
anymore until after Christmas. They probably knew it already. He'd told
Hermione he wouldn't walk around alone, and if the Weasley twins were
following her line of thinking, he wasn't going to make it more
difficult for them.

They had just turned away from the sign, when Harry spun around sharply,
drawing his wand. The twins had their wands in had a split second later.
Beyond the barrier, the hall was still empty. Harry watched it for
several long moments before pocketing his wand again.

"Sorry, I thought I heard whispering."

"Geez, Harry, you almost gave us a heart attack," Fred said, clutching
his chest. "Good reflexes though. Don't fancy taking you on in a duel
any time soon."

Harry waved off the compliment, and they headed towards the library.

---

Without Hogsmeade trips or Quidditch matches, the majority of Hogwarts
was at a loss on how to fill up their weekend free time. It seemed a
good many of them had opted to spend it catching up on their
assignments, and had crowded into the school library. Snape was standing
next to a blushing Madam Pince and overseeing the place, holding true to
his belief that students could not be left unsupervised at the moment.
Harry carefully avoided the man's attention and went in search of
Hermione.

He found her among the shelves, but instead of searching for books she
was blatantly staring at a crowd of students gathered around one of the
study tables. Harry wasn't sure what she found so fascinating about this
group until he spotted Ron Weasley amongst them. Ron's presence was
particularly odd, as not only was Draco absent, but so was the rest of
his house. A majority of them seemed to be Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws.

"What's going on?"

Hermione jumped, too caught up in her pensive staring to notice his
approach. She blushed and floundered for a moment before coming back to
herself.

"Oh, um..."

She glanced a bit suspiciously over at her godfather, whose attention
was being held by the Weasley twin's arrival, before answering.

"Something's up. I think Professor Snape knows what we've been up to."

Harry tensed. If that was true... would he hold up his threat to
withhold Sirius and Remus' letters? Seeing her friend's anxious face,
she began to reassure him.

"Calm down, Harry, I don't think it's gotten that bad yet. I could be
completely wrong, but... you remember that book I told you about? The
one I thought might finally tell us what we need to know?"

Harry nodded.

"It's gone. And I don't mean checked out or misplaced, I mean *gone*.
Madam Pince says she doesn't even have a record of the book ever being
in the library, but I *know* it was here last year. Someone has been
spying on us, Harry."

He frowned, not liking that possibility at all.

"Are you sure?"

"No, I can't be *completely* sure, but it seems probable. I mean, he's
already watching us, plus as Deputy Headmaster, the magic on the school
obeys him at least partially. He has the authority to remove the book
and any record of it now that the Headmistress is absent. I think this
is his way of saying 'I know what you're up to'."

"So what do we do?"

Hermione shrugged helplessly.

"What can we do? He's got us under his thumb."

"Dammit."

She put a comforting hand on his shoulder.

"Hey, don't beat yourself up about it. Professor Snape already knows
what is going, and doing everything he can to protect everyone. Even if
we learned the truth, could we do half as much? When this is all over,
if we still haven't found out what happened, then we can start searching
again without someone looking over our shoulders at every turn,
alright?"

Harry sighed, feeling as if this was his first failure as a wizard. He
had taken on this search knowing the dangers, and abandoning it left a
bitter taste in his mouth.

"Yeah, I guess your right," he conceded, then to distract her from his
disappointment he changed the subject. "So what going on over there?"

Hermione let out a loud sigh.

"Remember yesterday when Professor Toure yelled at Bulstrode that she
wasn't a newsie?"

He nodded.

"Well, one of the Hufflepuffs got this brilliant idea that they *did*
want to be a newsie. She managed to convince a bunch of her classmates
to start a school newspaper."

"And Ron's over there because...?"

"Where better could he spread his ridiculous stories?"

He cringed at the thought. Hermione continued to glare at the table,
then caught Snape staring at the two of them. She spoke again without
looking at him.

"The professor is watching us again. I think we better split up before
he wonders what we're up to. I'll go keep an eye on Ron. Why don't you
start your DA&D assignment? You're way behind as it is."

"What's the point? McNair is never going to let me pass. He stamps
'Troll' on all my essays without even looking at them."

"Harry, just do it. You can protest the grade later, but you have to do
the work first."

Knowing there was no point arguing with her whether a scholarly pursuit
was ever superfluous, he headed deeper into the shelves. When he finally
came out again half an hour later and five large tomes heavier, he saw
Hermione was now in the midst of the would-be 'newsies'. He smiled to a
bit to see her bent over a parchment of paper, writing things down
furiously as everyone around her started tossing around ideas. Despite
their attempts to keep their voices down, they were hardly quiet.

Deciding it would be impossible to study there, he went to the front
desk to check out his books. Snape watched him closely, but seeing
nothing suspicious in his selections, soon went back to observing the
Weasley twins snickering over a mysterious book. Madam Pince caste a
Feather-Lite Charm on his stack, warned him to return them in two weeks,
and then went back to her Snape gazing... eeewww...

The halls were almost empty, except for the occasional patrolling
teacher or prefect, making the castle seem eerily quiet. As he headed up
the second flight of stairs towards Gryffindor Tower, a sudden unease
came upon him. He looked around quickly, but the stairs were empty with
the exception of the enchanted paintings bustling about. After a long,
tense moment he turned to continue up the stairs.

The uneasy feeling did not leave him, and as he passed another black
barrier to a little used wing near the portrait of the Fat Lady, he felt
himself begin to shake.

"*Here?"*

Harry dropped his books, and still being charmed they floated
soundlessly to the floor. He spun around, searching the hall, but it was
still completely deserted

"*I heard him... this way? That way? Otherway? Hhhhmmmm..."*

Harry waited and listened, but nothing else was said and he had the
impression that whoever had been there had left.

"Are you alright, dearie?" came a feminine voice.

He jumped in surprise, and looked to see the Fat Lady staring down
curiously from her frame. Sighing with relief, he picked up his books.
How stupid he was being. He must have overheard one of the portraits
talking.

"I'm fine, just a little stressed," he said, managing to smile at his
own foolishness. "Barbarous Bombardment."

The portrait swung open, and he climbed safely inside.

---

It was only half an hour before dinner when Hermione finally showed up,
looking infuriated. Harry looked up from a set of cards as she entered
the common room, but Clyde remained seemingly oblivious as he puzzled
over which hand he should play.

"You look lively," Harry mentioned as she passed him on her way to the
girl's dormitories. She looked startled to see him, and then let out a
sound of frustration.

"Ergh! He infuriates me!"

Harry couldn't help but smile, knowing exactly who she was referring to.
Ron was technically *his* enemy, yet somehow he caused Hermione a lot
more strife.

"Get this, *he* wants to join the paper. I mean, *Ron*. He can barely
form a coherent sentence on a good day! So then I figure he's got to be
up to no good. He probably wants to use the paper to spread his lies
about Harry. You know, making it seem more legitimate after
*investigating* and then having it written down. *Ergh!* It makes me so
mad!"

"So you were spying on him this whole time?" Harry offered.

Hermione's frustration suddenly turned to embarrassment.

"Well... yeah, that's what I meant to do anyway. I just sort of ambled
up, no one had officially joined anyway, and listened in. After that, I
don't know what happened. Everyone was starting to put in name ideas,
and one just popped into my head so I suggested it and everyone loved
it. Then we were brainstorming what topics the paper should include, and
I just kept getting ideas and everyone liked those too. Suddenly, I'm
sitting in the middle writing a general outline for the paper. I don't
know what happened!"

Harry burst out laughing.

"Harry! What's so funny?!" Hermione said, crossing her arms and actually
*pouting*.

His laughter died down to snickers.

"I know exactly what happened, Hermione. You joined the school
newspaper."

"No! No, I absolutely did not! We haven't even passed around a sign-up
sheet yet!"

"'We', Hermione? You're already thinking like a person whose joined.
Plus you had all those great idea that everyone liked, and you had a lot
of fun. I think you should sign up."

"Harry's got a point, Hermione," Clyde piped in, having finally set down
a card. "You did seem pretty happy when you walked in. Well, infuriated
and happy... and how did you manage that?"

"Don't be ridiculous! I only went over there to make sure Ron didn't
make trouble."

Harry shook his head, setting down a Joker and sending Clyde into a
silent fit of frustration.

"You don't have to make excuses to us, Hermione. I like Quidditch. You
like the school paper. It'll be good for you to have another hobby aside
from studying."

"No, I couldn't. I'm already in Dueling Club. I don't want to fall
behind with my studies."

Harry and Clyde rolled their eyes.

"This from the girl whose always weeks ahead of the class?" Clyde
pointed out. She seemed to consider.

"Well... I would be able to keep an eye on Ron... and maybe get this
wretched rumor mill under control... it would look good on a college
application... Oh fine, I'll*think* about it."

---

"*Too many. Too many. Must wait... wait... wait..."*

Harry paused amidst the group of Gryffindors heading towards the
potion's class to look behind him. The only one there was Percy Weasley,
who was raised an imperious brow at his study.

"Something bothering you, Potter?"

Harry shook his head. "No, I just thought I heard voices."

Percy considered a moment.

"The Slytherin dorms are down that way somewhere. You must have heard an
echo in one of the pipes that runs by their rooms."

The younger Gryffindor nodded in agreement, but wasn't so sure. The
voice sounded strangely familiar, both from yesterday on the stairwell
and somewhere else he couldn't recall.

"Hurry up, Harry," called Clyde, "Or you'll end up sitting at a table
with *Goyle*."

"Clyde, that's very unsporting of you," Percy reprimanded weakly.

Harry just smiled to himself, and went to catch up with his friends.
They entered the potions lab to find the Slytherins had already arrived
and taken the best seats (those at the very back) for themselves,
leaving the trailing Gryffindors to the full wrath of Professor Snape.
Harry made it a point to move to the seat farthest from Ron, even though
it put him right in front of Snape's desk. The potion's master was
already there, sifting through some papers while some chalk floated over
the chalkboard, completely ignoring everyone.

"You know what, Harry, I think I ought to sit with Draco today,"
Hermione said, just a minute before class started.

"Doesn't he already have a part- oh.."

Looking over at Draco, he soon understood her reasoning. Pansy Parkinson
had some how managed to take the seat Natalie normally occupied beside
Draco, and seemed to be doing her best to make the young Malfoy as
uncomfortable as possible just by batting her eye lashes.

"Yeah, you go ahead.," Harry said, waving her off.

"Thanks."

She just barely managed to rescue a very grateful Draco before Snape
stood up to address the class.

"Today, we start your first extended-brewing potion. Potter, what
defines an extended-brewing potion from a long brewing potion?"

"An extended-brewing potion requires a lapse of at least thirty-six but
less than seventy-two hours between the addition of an active ingredient
or ingredients to the initial stock. A long-brewing potion requires a
lapse of greater than seventy two hours but less than a month," Harry
said quickly. Snape almost always called on him at least once during
potions, and it had taken him most of last year to figure out what sort
things the potion's master would expect him to know. It made studying so
damn stressful.

The wizard shrugged, the closest thing he'd receive to a 'very good, Mr.
Potter' in this class, and continued.

"We will be preparing the initial stock today, which can used to create
three different potions. After class you will all decide which potion
you wish to brew and then write a foot long essay due this Wednesday,
where you will then complete your selected potion. You may work in pairs
or individually, but be aware that those working in pairs will be
required to brew twice as much stock as each student will be preparing
their own potion individually. I suggest you be *very* careful with your
stock, as it will affect your grade for *two*classes. You may begin."

They collected their cauldrons, filled them with water, and set them
aside for boiling before going to gather their scales and ingredients
from the store room. Those who had partners to set up their cauldrons
got to the store room first, leaving Harry and a disgruntled Parkinson
to wait outside.

"Get out of the way, Potter," Ron snarled, knocking into his shoulder as
he exited.

Harry forced himself not to react to the twinge of pain, and replied
evenly.

"Sorry, I didn't notice you."

The pugnacious Weasley's face darkened at the subtle slight, but the
students behind him forced him along before he could start something.
Harry ignored the redhead after that, quickly gathered the rest of his
supplies, and returned to his work station. The first step was simple
enough: Weigh 5g of Norwegian Peat Moss to boil for fifteen minutes,
stirring four times counter clockwise every five minutes. Everything
went fine for the first ten minutes, then the thin brown broth began to
thicken into a dark green goo. He looked to the board to see if he had
somehow missed a step, and by the time he looked back down the solution
was already bubbling over the sides of the cauldron and sending off
sparks whenever it got too close to the flames.

"Professor!"

Snape was there in an instant, tossing in a handful of what appeared to
be wheat into the brew. The bubbling mass immediately settled into a
brown goo, simmering gently. The potion's master scowled at the ruined
concoction and then at its brewer. Harry blushed in embarrassment.

He was not the best student in potions (that spot was reserved to
Draco), but he had never bungled such a simple step before. Truthfully,
he didn't know what he had done wrong. Short of setting it on fire, peat
moss was almost completely nonvolatile substance, used for tempering
overly bubbly potions.

"Well, that was fun, Potter," Snape sneered. "Mind telling me how you
managed to accomplish it?"

"...I don't know."

From behind him, he could hear several snickers. A sour look from Snape
shut them up quickly though. The potion master pulled a thin stick,
nothing more than a large toothpick really, from the breast pocket of
his robe and dipped it into the potion. From the top of the stick a
ribbon of paper began grow. After a moment it stopped growing and Snape
looked at the paper to see what it said. He frowned.

"Mr. Potter, the acorn is not added until the very end. Can you not
read?"

Harry looked confused.

"I didn't add an acorn, Professor. Mine is right there," Harry said,
pointing. The man's dark eyes located the innocent little nut, and
hardened as if it were somehow the responsible. Although, Harry supposed
if Snape's weird little stick was right, then perhaps it was its
brother's fault.

The snickers returned, and not only faded but perhaps died a horribly
miserable death as the wizard turned to them yet again.

"And what, may I ask is so amusing?"

There was a tense silence.

"Perhaps you all think it's funny to go throwing your ingredients around
at random, and seeing what happens. If you're all really lucky maybe
you'll turn a simple sleeping draught into a lethal acid. What a
hilarious joke that would be! Or better yet, maybe the potion will
explode! Bits and pieces of students everywhere! It will be a party!"

No one made a sound, and even Harry was left to stare awkwardly at his
shoes. Snape was in a perpetually bad mood, but few things made the man
angrier than people fooling around with potions. How much of it was due
to respect for the art or just plain fear for what it could do in the
hands of the careless, Harry wasn't sure.

"Well, you know what I think is funny? I think it's hilarious to expel
students. And so help me, if I ever find out who did this I will be
laughing up a storm. Now get back to work. Potter!"

Harry jumped, daring to peek up at the still aggravated man.

"You do not have enough time to complete your potion during this class,
so you will re-brew it tonight after dinner. Clean up, and you may work
on homework for the rest of the period."

"Yes, sir. Thank you, sir."

The rest of the class was spent in a tense silence, with no one daring
to utter a word, let alone a snicker, after aggravating Snape already.
Harry reviewed his herbology homework, and pretended he didn't care
about his quasi-detention he'd gotten even though he was more than a
little angry. Cedric Diggory arrived to escort them to their next
classes just before the end of the period. As soon as they were out from
under Snape's scrutiny, Ronald Weasley was after him.

"Looks like the advantages to being the Dark Lord's pet doesn't include
a get-out-detention-free pass, does it Potter?" the redhead hissed into
his ear. Harry didn't turn around, not about ready to start a fight
while a prefect was so close by.

"It still has more advantages than being Draco's goon," he said cooly,
hoping Ron could hear his smirk even if he couldn't see it.

There was a pause, and Harry wondered what Ron's expression was now or
if he wasn't planning to punch him in the back of the head. Ahead of
him, Diggory wasn't paying much attention, but behind him he knew
Hermione and Draco must be watching them like hawks.

"It wouldn't have saved you if I had added two acorns instead of one
though. I should have done it and rid this school of-"

Harry stopped abruptly, causing Ron to run into his back, nearly
knocking the redhead over. The Gryffindor couldn't imagine what his
expression must have looked like when he turned to face him, but the
Slytherin took a definite step back. Classmates parted around them as
they moved by, staring back at them curiously and perhaps even a bit
nervously.

"I don't know whether you're an idiot or just plain pathetic," Harry
said evenly, "Risking expulsion or worse over something as stupid as a
prank puts you in either category. Either way, I'm warning you now to
leave me and my friends the fuck alone or expulsion will be the *least*
of your worries."

To emphasize his point, he grabbed Ron by his robe and pulled him closer
with a single sharp jerk and hiss parseltongue into his ear.

"*You are beneath me."*

"Harry, come on," Hermione said, grabbing onto his arm and pulling him
off the stunned Weasley. "He's not worth it."

Harry sparred Ron one last glare, then left him to Malfoy for further
scolding. He turned back to Hermione and sighed.

"Why couldn't the guardian have paralyzed *him* instead of Angelina?"

She didn't laugh. In fact, her expression only seemed to get harder.

"What is it, Hermione?"

"*Hermione!*"

"Harry, just... shut up for a minute," she snapped. "You can't just...
just*threaten* people and then turn around and play at being... being...
well..."

"Myself?" he asked, quirking a brow.

She let out an exasperated sigh and rubbed her temple, clearly
frustrated.

"Please don't do that again... You were like that when you dueled
McNair, and frankly it *scares* me."

He felt stunned. He *scared* Hermione? *Him?* How did he respond to
something like that? He hadn't thought of what he had done as wrong.
What was he suppose to do? Let McNair hurt him? Let Ron hurt him? At the
same time, what did that mean when he frightened someone he trusted and
whom he assumed trusted him?

"I'll try not to..."

"*There, there, there. I can hear them both... still too many... too
many. No way out here. No way out there. Where, where, where?"*

Harry stopped cold. It was that voice again, this time closer than he
had ever heard it and then gradually fading into the distance.

"What is it, Harry?"

"Did you hear something just now?"

She gave him a confused look.

"Never mind."

---

