# Serpents at Play

Tom turned towards Harry the moment the Weasley girl cried out his name.
He had spotted the younger boy the moment he entered the room of course,
but had not wanted to alert anyone else to his presence until he was
ready. Judging by the vaguely panicked look Harry was sporting at the
sudden rush of students towards him, he clearly hadn't been ready yet.

Stupid Weasleys.

The girl was a useless little fool. The prefect was a pouncy fool. The
twins were laughable fools, and no doubt proud of it. Even the single
Slytherin Weasley was an irritation, suited for little more than being
Draco's cronie. At the moment, Ronald Weasley wasn't even suited for
that, cowering behind a ring of Slytherins who were not inclined to
handing over one of their own to a presumptuous mob.

To hell with the lot of them. The only one Tom had been worried about
was Harry.

He had expected something like this to happen eventually. He'd even
callously tricked Cassandra to the lavatory to wash some imaginary
potion's residue from her robes on the off chance that it would happen
today. She was a muggleborn and a rather stupid one at that. She had the
nerve to pass notes to him in class and even request a date within the
last month, and though he'd stayed in character and declined her
politely he had wanted nothing more than to...

The chances that she would have found...*it*... were fairly slim. It had
merely been a way to take the edge of his annoyance. Indulging in an
amusing possibility really.

He hadn't even conceived of Harry getting involved. The boy shouldn't
have been near the girl's lavatory, except in passing on his way to
lunch with his classmates. Could something have happened to draw Harry's
attention to the bathroom? Had his beautiful pet been inside and lured
the boy with a hunting song? Had it perhaps broken his orders and
entered the corridors, finding Harry there?

A thousand possibilities ran through his head, trying to explain the
absence of his young friend. All the while he cursed his carelessness.
He *knew*Harry had potions three morning a week, so why hadn't he left
express orders to his pet not to be out in the open during that time? If
something happened to Harry, he didn't know if he could forgive himself.
All he had wanted to do was protect and nurture him.

Precious Harry. Mother. Brother. Friend.

His only family aside from his counterpart.

Voldemort. Father. Brother. Ally... competitor?

But there Harry was, a little pale and flustered but perfectly alright.

He wanted to rush over to him, but the crowd was too thick and he
refused to take part in a rabble. Draco was already near Harry. He'd
question the young Malfoy later about what he learned, and then wait for
his opportunity to approach Harry in private.

For now, he would have to content himself with Harry's continued health
and plan for the ramifications of today's incidence. No doubt his elder
would be summoning him for an explanation, and he had to prepare some
reasonable replies.

His life was in greater danger than Harry's at the moment.

---

Harry was surrounded. On all sides the four Houses of Hogwarts had
crowded around to verify that he was, in fact, not dead. Once this was
confirmed, they immediately set about shouting questions at him. They
spoke all at once, repeated each other often, threw out conjectures, and
demands until Harry couldn't tell what anyone was saying. He tried to
find his friends amongst the horde, but older students had crowded round
and blocked the shorter ones from view. He felt claustrophobic, unable
to move as everyone demanded his attention with shouts and cries and
tugs at his robes.

He was tired and hungry, and their demands made his constant underlying
resentment for the majority rise to the forefront of his thoughts. A
particularly overbearing sixth year Gryffindor came right up to his
face.

"Who tried to kill you now? Did you get them first this time?"

The boy was bigger than him, at least fifteen kilos, but in the tight
confines of the crowd he had no room to catch his balance when Harry
punched him in the face. It was an awkward hit, as Harry didn't have
much practice with fist fights, but the boy fell backwards into the
crowd, knocking over half a dozen others. The space his fall left was
soon filled with more students, and Harry panicked as he realized at
least some of them *had* to be the older boy's friends.

"*Contorno parete!"*

The crowd was suddenly forced back two feet from him in all directions,
again causing several students to fall over. Through the chaos, the
Weasley twins stalked determined through the mayhem. Harry had never
seen them look so angry, or angry at all for that matter. They were some
of the tallest boys in the school, taller than most of the seventh years
even and muscular from Quidditch. Their physical presence alone was
enough to send everyone creeping away from them, but if that hadn't been
enough their unusual animosity would have. Fred (George?) breeched the
empty ring Harry stood in first, while his brother turned to the crowd
to keep everyone else at bay.

"You alright, Harry?"

Harry closed his eyes, bringing his hand up to push through his messy
hair. He took a deep breath and exhaled slowly.

"Don't ask me that," he said, his voice soft but clearly audible in the
sudden silence. "Just... ask me anything but that."

---

Voldemort entered Hogwarts shortly after midnight, and was met by a
nervous Mallory His temper was foul and he did nothing to hide it from
anyone. His plans for organizing a wizarding army, something larger and
more specialized than his private Court Sentinals or his former Death
Eaters, had just gotten past the basic command structure and starting on
actual personnel assignments, when he had received word of the killing
at Hogwarts. That a child, even a muggleborn one, had died in *his* home
was unacceptable. That the child had been murdered was just plain
*insulting*.

As the details became known to him, the matter went from infuriating to
something almost worrisome. Harry, his insufferably unlucky protégé, had
been a witness of sorts and why did that not surprise him? He doubted
the boy would intentionally harm let alone murder anyone, but his
involvement was inconvenient. It was likely his parselmouth abilities
would provide him with knowledge he would rather the boy remained
ignorant of.

The location and circumstances of the girl's death was uncomfortably
familiar. The basilisk still lived in the school after all. He had never
considered removing it. It was a part of his ancestor's, Salazar
Slytherin's, legacy to Hogwarts as well as important reminder of his
misbegotten youth.

Speaking of misbegotten youth...

He stalked into his office and slammed the door shut in Mallory's face.
Closing his eyes, he murmured the soft whisper of an ancient spell and
felt his mind submerge itself in the corporal realm of his spirit. A
dark and twisted place, interlaced with webs of brilliant reds and
oranges and whites that held his rendered soul within his body. He
'moved' towards a web of red strands and carefully pulled a small
section of them free so that he dripped ever so slowly out of the
confines of his flesh. His mind, freed and immersed in a spirit form,
flew from the tower unseen and undetected.

Through the halls, the classrooms, the secret passages he made his way
towards the Great Hall where the energy of hundreds of souls, and one
familiar soul in particular, resonated. Moving through the walls was
like moving through a curtain of water, but once inside he had to be
cautious. It was crowded and he had no intention of alerting the
students of his presence. Luckily, it was unlikely they would be able to
understand who or what he was, and even less likely to acknowledge him
as most of them were fast asleep.

The entirety of Hogwarts was sheltered within the confines of the Great
Hall, like the refugees of The War he had since assimilated into his
society or scattered years previous. Rows of bodies packed tightly
together, reminded him of the fields outside the camps where they'd
lined up the corpses of their allies and enemies and innocent bystanders
to eventually be claimed by their families or incinerated with a few
flicks of the wand.

He *shimmered*, sending the memories away like a dog shaking water from
it's coat. Hogwarts was home, and though he remembered the battles and
the struggles with fondness and a sort of dark thrill, he recognized
that they held no place in his home.

He stopped briefly near McGonagall, observing as she paced quietly
between the rows of students, all four houses, and seemed to count each
and every one of them. In a dark corner, he felt Snape watching her and
everything else, aware of everything (almost) in the room even without
moving. Good. These two fierce guardians were more than enough to
safeguard the students for the time being.

He circled the room, searching for Tom, his most likely suspect, but
found Harry first and couldn't help but linger. The boy was sandwiched
between the Weasley twins, while Granger slept across from him, the tops
of their heads pointing towards each other. He recognized several of
Harry's friends sleeping around him, most with their wands in their
hands, like somnolent guards to an equally somnolent prince.

Despite their protection, the prince was clearly troubled. He was pale
and restless, clutching tightly to his blanket despite the heat of the
surrounding bodies. His brow was furrowed and every so often Voldemort
thought he heard the faint hiss of parseltongue. It made him wonder what
Harry had seen and if it had damaged the boy some how.

He felt a sudden rush of anger at the thought.

Harry was *his*. No one's , not his friend's or teachers' or Greyback's
or *Tom's*, but his. No one else had a right to hurt him in any manner
without his consent, and he would make this known to any and all
transgressors.

He found Tom amongst the older Slytherins, his back to Snape and staring
into the darkness. His eyes slid immediately to Voldemort's wandering
spirit, and after a moment he closed his eyes. With that, Voldemort
left. There was no need to explain himself. Tom would find him as soon
as he was able to slip away unnoticed, which more than likely wouldn't
be until the morning.

It was just as well. Voldemort wasn't sure he would be able to hold off
from breaking the boy in half at the moment.

---

Harry and the rest of the students were woken at the ungodly hour of six
o'clock in the morning. Disoriented and sleepy, they were herded to
their respective common rooms and finally to their private dorms in
order to prepare for the school day. Most of the other boys in his dorm
went immediately to their beds to sleep for another hour, but Harry
reluctantly dragged himself to the showers. Clyde followed him quietly,
and Harry admitted to himself that he was glad for the company. He
didn't think he'd want to be alone for a while.

He was a bit surprised to find all his friends awake in the common's
room when he headed down. Hermione and Ginny were sitting next to each
other at one of the tables, going over Ginny's homework while Fred and
George were talking quietly to Percy, who for once wasn't checking his
pockets every thirty seconds. There were a few other students, mostly
prefects and habitual early raisers, but they lacked their usual energy
and purpose. The room was held in the quiet suspension of a funeral
parlor.

"Harry, Clyde," Hermione said, beckoning them over. "Did you finish your
herbology essays?"

Harry felt a rush of relief when she didn't ask how he was feeling. He
had told them Snape's pre-conceived story, and though Hermione seemed to
suspect something was amiss she hadn't prodded. He knew that it was only
a matter of time though. She knew him for a perpetual, if not exactly
habitual, liar and he doubted any event she was not present for wouldn't
be cause for thorough cross examination. He didn't resent her for it,
but it wasn't something he was looking forward to.

"Do you think we'll even have classes today?" Clyde asked, sounding
hopeful. Hermione glared at him.

"They might cancel potion's class for a few days, but I don't see why
they'd stop us from going to our other classes."

"But," Ginny said, her freckles more brilliant than ever against her
pale skin, "isn't that a bit dangerous? I mean, there's a murderer
running around the school!"

"We don't know that," Hermione said firmly. "We still don't know for
certain how Sweety died. Harry said himself that he couldn't tell what
happened to her, only that their wasn't any blood. It could have been a
magical experiment gone wrong or an accident or who knows what? Even if
there was a murderer, what are the chances they stuck around?"

"I don't like it," Clyde said, "It sounds like a Killing Curse to me no
matter how you look at it."

"*Don't*, Clyde. There's going to be a million rumors running around as
it is, there's no point in adding to the collection. I mean look what
happened yesterday? Everyone thought for sure Harry was...was... I was
scared to death for him, but he's fine!"

*Certainly better off than Cassandra*, Harry thought morosely, scanning
his DA&D book incase they had a quiz that morning.

"Percy says the match against Hufflepuff will probably be cancelled,"
Fred said, plopping glumly beside Harry at their now over crowded table.

"Dueling Club practices too," George said, dragging over another chair.
"I bet they'll be canceling all extra curricular activities until they
catch who ever did it."

"We don't know *anyone* did anything!" Hermione insisted, although no
one looked at all doubtful that foul play was involved.

Having offered nothing to the conversation so far, Harry made a feeble
attempt.

"Classes?"

"Percy says the prefects will be escorting the younger students between
classes and meals. There'll definitely be a curfew, but at least we'll
be able to sleep in our own beds," Fred said.

"That's good," said Clyde, "I don't fancy sleeping on the floor again. I
think I got a crick in my neck from last night."

The conversation turned to trivial complaints after that, and Harry
tuned it out in order to read through his textbook. His friends formed
enough of a barrier to keep most of Gryffindor from bothering him, and
he sat quietly amidst his human sanctuary until it was time to head down
to breakfast. Everyone had been brought to the Great Hall at the same
time, and with the addition of the tables it made the hall as crowded as
the Welcoming Feast, but still depressingly quiet. All of the teachers
were present, as well as several Court officials standing guard at the
entry ways. There was a chair at the teacher's table where Voldemort
normally sat when at Hogwarts, but it remained conspicuously empty.

Harry was relieved to note that the press hadn't clawed their way into
the school yet.

Food appeared on the table, and Harry ate on autopilot, ignoring the
probing looks of his schoolmates. He finished quickly and was surprised
when Snape came up behind him.

"Come with me, Mr. Potter."

The man walked off without further explanation, and looking to his
friends Harry saw they were just as baffled as he was. Sighing, he
gathered up his things and followed after the potion's master.

He felt the eyes of the entire hall mark him as he exited.

It didn't take long for Harry to realize where Snape was leading him.

"Voldemort is in the castle? He summoned me?"

"The affairs of Hogwarts have always been of great interest to our
Lord," Snape said, not bothering to look at his young charge. "The same
might be said about your affairs, as well, Mr. Potter.."

"..."

The Dark Lord was sitting behind his desk when they arrived at his
office, his hair slightly mused as if he hadn't slept and therefor
hadn't fixed it that morning. The stacks of reports on the man's desk
seemed to support this theory. Mallory was sitting anxiously in one of
the sitting chairs and regarded the new arrivals tiredly. Snape escorted
him to the empty chair closest to Voldemort, and then took up his usual
position near the bookshelves in order to watch the proceedings.

The Dark Lord studied Harry intensely for a moment, making the boy
fidget self consciously.

"Mallory, you are excused."

The Court investigator looked ready to protest, but quickly bit his
tongue and got up to leave. His eyes lingered suspiciously on Harry for
a moment before he disappeared through the secret entry way.

"I am pleased to see you are undamaged, Mr. Potter," Voldemort began,
regarding him cooly.

"... Thank you?"

Voldemort sighed, tired and already impatient. He decided it was best to
get their meeting over with as soon as possible lest he do something
regrettable to the boy.

"Let us get straight to the point. I am going to legilimens you, and I
would prefer if you tried to relax and not struggle. It is easier to
find the memories I'm looking for in this manner, and avoid those
memories that are... personal and unrelated. Do I have your
cooperation?"

Harry scowled at him. Voldemort scowled back.

"A girl has died here, Mr. Potter. At the moment, you are the prime
suspect. Believe me when I say this is as much for your benefit as my
curiosity."

Harry grit his teeth, and got to his feet. Voldemort gestured to a spot
on the floor right in front of him, and Harry reluctantly complied. He
knelt before the Dark Lord, who gently but firmly took his head in his
hands and locked their gazes. Harry tried to relax and call up the
memory of the day before, but his own mind struggled against the
recollection, escaping the pain and horror of that moment which so
resembled a day over four years ago.

"I can cast Imperius to calm you, if you like," Voldemort offered,
skimming only lightly at his surface thoughts, testing the waters for a
deeper plunge.

"No," Harry insisted, "Just do it."

There was an immediate pressure, not exactly painful but Harry felt
himself jerk at the initial shock of it. His previous experience with
legilimency was a pale comparison to this forced intrusion, a tsunami
rather than a gently rising tide. The first wave of memories was of this
morning, and his mind reluctantly gave way to the previous evening; the
anxious feeling of being surrounded by too many curious bodies, of the
punch to the fifth year boy, and the eery silence of the walk from the
dungeons to the Great Hall.

Anything before that his mind resisted, choosing instead to jump around
to random moments of time. The day Natalie approached him by the
Whomping Willow. The first Christmas party with the Dursley's. A hot
summer day at the lake, water up to his knees and a fish eyeing his feet
curiously. Voldemort watching him from the VIP section of the stands
during his first Quidditch match. Sitting in his mother's lap as she
pointed to the sky, a hundred hot air balloons in a hundred different
colors floating by.

The pressure increased, forcing his mind back towards the shallows of
recent memory. Tom on the train, smiling at him. Sirius's letter.
Finding out his Quidditch robes were now an inch too short at his first
practice. Ron's half transfigured glove running away like a mutant crab
during last Monday's classes.

A sharper pain, and suddenly he was alone outside the girl's lavatory
recalling he hadn't visited Myrtle in a while. From there his thoughts
flowed out linearly, retelling the event each painful moment at a time.
Harry felt a mixture self-depreciation and nausea at his own bungling
upon discovering Cassandra and the cold feeling of shock soon after. As
he came to the part where he questioned the serpentine faucet and found
Myrtle, he was struck by how dangerous these discoveries seemed to him
now. He had forced the memories out of his mind the day before, but now
Voldemort wouldn't let him discard them, forced him to recall and
analyze the moment in excruciating detail.

"It *got her. Got her, just like the other one.*It *got them both. Got
the annoying one twice. Tee hee hee..."*

A moment later

"*...King will be so happy..."*

An earlier memory forced it's way through, this time of Inana standing
erect on the dueling platform her hood flared in anger, but her words
calm.

"*Princeling. King's little princeling... sweet tongued child... No, no,
little princeling would not treat Inana this way."*

Princeling... if Harry was the princeling, then the King would have to
be-

The pressure receded abruptly, leaving Harry lightheaded and dizzy. The
hands on his head were the only thing that kept him from falling over.
Carefully, his head was guided downward until it rested against
Voldemort's knee, and one hand removed itself while the other stroked
his hair. Harry remained still, gasping for breath and staring out at
nothing. His world was spinning, and he tried to reorient himself and
determine what he should do with this earth-shattering revelation that
the man he was currently resting against may have some how been
responsible for Cassandra's death.

"*Careful, Harry*," Voldemort hissed, almost affectionate, "*Your
thoughts are running into dangerous territory.*"

Harry shoved himself away from the man, forcing himself weakly to his
feet and back towards his chair. He learned against it heavily, but
refused to sit down to face the Dark Lord again. From the corner of his
eye, he saw Snape make a step towards him, then hesitate. He looked
towards his master, and though Harry couldn't see what Voldemort did,
Snape stepped back again.

"What now?" Harry managed at last, still not turning around.

Voldemort's reply was smooth and innocent.

"Now? Now you go to class, Mr. Potter. This matter should be resolved
shortly."

"And Cassandra Sweety?"

There was a pause.

"There's nothing that can be done for the late Miss Sweety, aside from
the usual ritual. Her foster family has already been contacted and will
arrange her funeral. There will be a memorial service this Sunday so
that her friends and classmates might attend and pay their respects."

That all sounded distinctly unsatisfying to Harry. There was another
pause.

"I did not harm that girl, Mr. Potter," Voldemort said matter-of-factly.
"Why would I? I have more important things to do than terrorize school
children."

Harry glanced back at him cautiously, and after a moment he nodded. It
was true. There was no conceivable reason why the Dark Lord would hurt a
student. But there were many things about what happened that suggested
this had happened before with Moaning Myrtle, so for whatever reason the
ghost had died must likewise be the reason why Cassandra had. It didn't
necessarily have to be a reason that made sense *now* if had made sense
when Myrtle had been killed. When had the bespeckled girl died again?

The Dark Lord mentally sighed. He could practically *see* Harry's
thoughts rushing around in his head, though the boy was careful to avoid
direct eye contact. He was inclined to cast Imperius on the boy or even
perform an obliviation, but he ultimately decided to leave him alone.
Harry would need his wits about him for the next couple days, and
running around in a daze was likely to arouse suspicions.

"Severus, escort Mr. Potter to his first class, and then report back to
me," he ordered, turning back to his paperwork. He wanted to speak with
Snape about what he should do about Potter, but there was another matter
he needed to attend to first that required privacy.

The two wizards were gone less than a minute when the portrait of
Salazar Slytherin above his desk suddenly turned black, then rippled.
Tom practically *slithered* out of the inky substance, black globules
sliding away from his face, his body, his robes reluctantly. The moment
he was free the picture solidified again, Salazar flicking a bit of
black goo from his robes the only sign of what had occurred.

Tom moved to the chaise by the window, unwilling to sit in the chair
across his brother's desk like a child waiting to be scolded by the
school disciplinarian. They regarded each other cooly, with twin looks
of expectation. Voldemort, however, had the benefit of age and the
patience it allowed him. Tom broke the silence first.

"You wished to speak to me?"

"*What have you done Tom*?" Voldemort hissed, parseltongue turning his
already dangerous tone lethal.

Tom glowered back at him.

"*This is NOT my doing. I would never be so careless or obvious!"*

Voldemort sneered.

"*And I suppose you were framed? By whom? Potter?"*

"Of course not! No one knows who I am to bother with framing me. But you
have the right idea. I think who ever did this is trying to frame
Potter."

Now that gave the Dark Lord pause. That hadn't occurred to him. Tom was
not reckless enough to unleash the basilisk, as his guilt would be
instantly obvious... but only to Voldemort and only because he was a
Parselmouth with knowledge of the Chamber. Yet the only parselmouth
anyone at the school knew about was himself and... Harry.

A list of people was already flitting through his mind who might hold a
grudge against the boy. Slytherins were a jealous lot by nature and the
attention he had been giving the Gryffindor was more than enough reason
for many to feel resentment, coupled with the boy's Quidditch victories,
his popularity with two of the prettiest and richest girl's in his
class, and his obvious magical talent and it was rather surprising more
attempts hadn't been made to damage the boy's reputation before now.

Lestrange was at the top of the list, as she knew of the Chamber and was
clever enough to find a way inside without using parseltongue. He'd
brought several Death Eaters down there just before taking the school to
perform various dark rituals and the Lestranges were of course among
them. She also had an intense hatred for the boy that he had not
overlooked.

Yet there were flaws in that idea. Releasing the basilisk to kill
students, even if he had never suspected her, would reflect badly on her
ability to run the school and she had been desperate to maintain her
position as of late. Unless she had meant to kill Harry and make it
*appear* as if the basilisk had done it, and then kill the basilisk in
its lair to prevent the truth from being revealed...

Or it may have been one of the students, acting under their own volition
or imperius to break into the chamber and steal the many valuable
artifacts and lay the blame on Harry...

Could someone have been using Harry to open the Chamber and accidently
let out its guardian, then tried to cover it up by altering Harry's
memories? Harry's thoughts had been a bit odd and disjointed, but that
could easily be explained by shock or shoddy memory spells equally.

Then again it might just be Tom fucking with him.

There was only one way to find out. There was, after all, another
witness who also happened to be the weapon. *Muchalinda*.

"Get back to class, Tom, and keep your ear to the ground. If what you're
suggesting is true, than it won't take long for the rumors to start. I
want to know *everything* they are saying."

"As you wish, my Lord," his counterpart hissed mockingly, rising to his
feet with serpentine grace and disappearing back through the portrait
once again. Voldemort stared after him for a long moment.

"I don't remember being that much of a prat..."

---

In case you're not sure Muchalinda is the basilisk, named after a giant
cobra and king of the Nagas (Hindu deities that resemble serpents).
Ironic, since Muchalinda is known as a benevolent deity; said to have
protected Buddha (and the tree he happened to be meditating under) while
he was reaching Enlightenment during a storm.

Any Questions? Leave them in the comments section and I should get back
to you within a day or two! Otherwise, have a great weekend!