# The Prince and the Fortress

Outside it was snowing, and it had been since Harry and all his
classmates had left Hogwarts. The heavy, fluffy white flakes had
gradually given way to sleet as they drew further south towards London.
Inside the Hogwarts' Express, however, the atmosphere was warm and
bright and smelled strongly of chocolate and peppermint. Christmas
carols were being sung, picked up and left off by who ever wanted to
join in, and laughter filled the silences in between.

The compartment Harry had managed to procure was already crowded with
luggage and his friends. For once, Harry was able to sit with Natalie
and Draco, made possible by Ron opting to sit with his siblings. Clyde
had opted to sit with them, avoiding his 'uncles' as much as possible
before being trapped with them at home. Natalie had gleefully offered to
hold a spherical basket for Harry, and peeked inside at Inana's dozing
form every so often.

"Would you stop that," Draco groused, glaring suspiciously at the
basket, "It's going to wake up eventually and then bite you on the
nose."

"But she's so pretty!"

"And can kill you within minutes!"

"Even better!"

Hermione and Draco rolled their eyes. The Malfoy heir turned to Harry.

"You couldn't have left it in the baggage car?"

"It's not heated back there. Besides, when I told the baggage carrier
what was inside the basket, they refused to touch it. Don't be a sissy,
Draco. I fed her before we left, so she'll sleep for the next couple of
days."

"Just because I have a survival instinct that surpasses that of lemming
doesn't make me a sissy."

Harry just chuckled. He had missed his Slytherin friends and the battle
of wits and philosophy that inevitably sparked between. If Draco was at
all resentful of the trouble sparked between Gryffindor and Slytherin
and the unpleasant restrictions that had resulted, he did an impeccable
job at hiding it. They had spent most of the day discussing the last
couple of weeks, finding out where their houses differed in perspective
of recent events.

"Speaking of survival instinct," Natalie said, redirecting the
conversation, "Are you ready to face the Dark Lord, Harry?"

Harry sighed, and wondered that himself.

"How can I be ready? I mean, it's the Dark Lord. What's he do for
Christmas anyway?"

"Absolutely nothing," Draco said, smirking. "He's a pagan."

Now *that*Harry hadn't been expecting, and felt a sudden nervousness.
Witchcraft was technically a pagan craft, and Professor Toure had done
much to remind them of that fact in History of Magic. She held a sort of
contempt for what she referred to as the 'pseudo-Christian' religion
most wizards and witches followed today, and he briefly wondered if she
weren't pagan as well. Yet for all the homework and research assignments
she had assigned, Harry still wasn't entirely sure what it all meant.

Hermione rolled her eye.

"Don't worry about it. He might be a pagan, but he knows the benefit of
playing a Christian to the public. Aside from the lack of a Christmas
tree or nativity scene, I doubt you'll see much difference," she said.
Clyde nodded in agreement, pulling a candy cane from his mouth to speak.
Harry was amused to note that his tongue was now stripped red and white.

"Yeah, mate, what she said. Christmas is supposedly steeped in pagan
symbolism anyway. And you get to skip those boring church masses and
Christmas pageants. Consider yourself lucky."

Draco sighed, irritated that they had ended his fun before it had really
gotten started.

"Fine, so he won't set you on fire as a sacrifice, but don't let your
guard down. I doubt he invited you into his house out of the goodness of
his heart."

Harry shrugged. He knew the situation was strange and more than a bit
frightening, but what could he do? The chances were this was just a
publicity stunt, which meant he would have to smile and look grateful
around people and then spend the rest of his time bored out of his mind
in his room. It wouldn't be so different from Christmas with the Durs-

Okay, comparing life with his relatives to life in the wizarding world
was a definite no-no on his mental list, so he was going to make sure
they never resembled each other even if he had to let Voldemort set fire
to him to make it so.

"I'll be fine. I doubt he wants anything... bad. I'll just keep to
myself as much as possible and be polite whenever we meet. I doubt we'll
see each other much. He's busy doing... whatever he's been busy doing
the last couple of months."

"I'm sure we'll find out what he's been up to before the end of break,"
Hermione said, "Lucius has been helping with his latest project. Crowned
Negotiator, whatever that means."

"It means," Draco drawled, "that half the Court is going to be traipsing
through our estate while we're there and most won't have the common
sense to keep their mouths shut. Chances are we'll know more about the
Dark Lord's latest plans than half of his inner circle. You should keep
your ear to the door as well, Potter. You might learn something
interesting."

Clyde snorted.

"Yeah, like what the Dark Lord does to spies."

"No! Harry, you keep with your plan. Keep your head down and out of
trouble."

Harry chuckled at her overly concerned expression.

"Despite what your brother thinks, I *do* have some survival instinct. I
fully intend to have the most boring and uneventful Christmas I can
manage without being comatose."

---

The platform in London was crowded, slick from sleet, and gloomy this
late in the afternoon. Harry procrastinated leaving the warmth and
companionship within the train, but eventually he had to say his
goodbyes to all his friends (and check his pockets thoroughly after Fred
and George glomped him by surprise) and make his way to the platform.
Claiming his luggage, Elsbeth, and Inana's basket, he maneuvered them
awkwardly to a bench under the station's awning. Being closer to the
ticket booth and opposite the floo stations, he was able to free himself
from most of the traffic and dutifully await his chaperon.

From his vantage point he could see families finding each other, parents
and children and siblings and friends drawn together and apart like
droplets of oil on a smooth surface. He watched as the Weasley bunch
gathered into a particularly large crowd, joined now not only by their
mother Molly but by two unfamiliar young men who could have only been
Charlie and Bill. Not long after they had come together though, did
other witches and wizards come along and start to tear them apart.
Clyde's grandparents lingered the longest, chatting amicably with Mrs.
Weasley, but they too eventually drew their adopted children and
grandson away. Bill and Charlie rested reassuring hands on her shoulder,
but even from across the platform Harry could see her eyes had grown
large and shiny.

"Mr. Potter?"

Harry started in surprise, his wand in his hand and raised before he
could stop himself. A woman stood beside him, her expression vaguely
indignant at the sight of his wand. She sort of reminded him of
Professor McGonagall, looking most prim, proper, and a bit severe; but
where patience and the occasional ironic smile soften the
Transfiguration teacher's demeanor, this new woman lacked anything that
might make her more approachable.

"Sorry. Habit," he said, reluctantly returning the wand to the holder in
his sleeve. She tilted her head in acknowledgment, but there was nothing
forgiving about her expression.

"I am Madam Hardwick. On behalf of WYRA, I am here to escort you to
Bristol."

"Oh..." *Joy*. "Nice to meet you. Um... password?"

Snape had been very insistent on remembering to ask for the password.
Had even threatened severe punishment if he forgot to ask (how the hell
would he know anyway? Unless this woman was his *mother*. She sort of
looked like she could be).

She nodded in approval.

"'Curiosity killed the Black Cat of Gryffindor.'"

*Subtle, Snape. Very subtle.*

"Come along then. We have a long way to go and traffic is going to be
atrocious in this weather," she ordered, snapping her fingers. A
chauffeur, dressed in a grey uniform appeared, taking up Harry's trunk
and Elsbeth's cage. The young Gryffindor quickly snatched up Inana's
basket before he ran off with that as well, and followed after the
retreating woman. She led them to an old fashioned car, black and shiny
with silver accents, waiting for them just outside the muggle station.
Madam Hardwick ignored the curious stares of the surrounding muggles,
and encouraged Harry to do the same by forcing him to quicken his pace
in order to keep up with her. She shuffled him into the back seat as
quickly as possible, and after a suspicious glance around the station,
climbed in as well.

The car was not the same one that had first retrieved him from the
Dursley's, and Harry had a strong suspicion it belonged to Voldemort
when he found the interior lined with dark green velvet. His trunk in
the boot of car, Elsbeth in the front passenger seat, Inana's basket set
at his feet, and a rather quiet and unfriendly strangers to his left,
Harry tried his best to settle himself for the rest for the ride. It was
rather hard to get comfortable with Hardwick's sharp grey eyes pinning
him to his seat, daring him to so much as sneeze.

Once they left the station, however, Harry soon found himself suitably
distracted. They were not traveling through wizarding London like he had
thought they would, but through the muggle city. All around them the
curiosities of his magical world gave way to distantly familiar things.
Sunglasses, Christmas lights, traffic signs, Big Ben, trench coats,
high-rise office buildings, snow shovels, and a postman danced across
his line of sight with all the peculiarity of a polar bear lounging on
the beach. Such inane little things he hadn't realized were missing, and
was startled to find he missed.

---

After forty minutes stuck in holiday traffic, their driver pulled off
into a tunnel, and came out of it somewhere in the middle of a country
highway. Bristol was about a hundred miles directly west of London, and
though both were notable cities, there was very little by way of
settlements between them. It was also colder in the interior, and the
light cast a gloomy pall over the empty farm and pasture land.

Harry tightened his winter cloak around him, the chill seeping into him
through the glass of the window even as the rest of car remained toasty.
His chaperone cleared her throat, drawing his attention.

"Do you have anything nicer to wear?" she said evenly.

He looked down at himself and wondered what she thought was wrong with
what he had. It was a little plain, but clean and in good repair. WYRA
had certainly thought it suitable when they'd given it to him last year.

"This is the only winter cloak I own. Really, the only clothes I have
are what WYRA gave me last year," he answered nervously. Which reminded
him that he needed to get some new socks and underwear. Perhaps some new
shirts too, since the sleeves were starting to get too short. Not that
he was going to ask *her* for any.

"I see," she said, her grey eyes turning inward in thoughtful
introspection. She said nothing else for another hour. They passed a
sign citing Bristol city limits at 12 kilometers, but pulled off the
highway onto a county road and then pulled off again onto a dirt road.
They traveled until they reached a short stone wall with a small wooden
gate , and the chauffeur had to get out and use his wand to open it. As
soon as they crossed the boundary the English countryside fell away to a
thick forest, though nothing but more countryside could be seen from the
other side.

"Where are we?" he murmured, but in the silence it was easily heard.

"The Dark Lord is a guardian of the people, but he values his privacy.
Most of his estates are outside city limits. This one is known as the
Sianach Lodge, named after the man-eating deer that are bred here. I
encourage you not to wander the woods at dawn or dusk."

Didn't anyone like animals that didn't eat people?

"Thanks for the warning."

The Sianach Lodge was anything but a lodge. It was nothing more or less
than a country mansion, encased in extensive gardens and lawns that gave
way to wild forest. From the driveway, Harry could see a flock of
pheasants grazing near a stone gryphon, and wondered what else wandered
onto the grounds.

Harry released Elsbeth to stretch her wings, and within moments her
white plumage faded into the misty gloom and she disappeared. Suddenly,
Harry found himself surrounded by three servants dressed in green and
black uniforms. They quickly gathered up his trunk and Elsbeth's cage,
but when one eager young maid tried to take Inana's basket he dissuaded
her by showing *exactly* what she was trying to take. Her startled
shriek was rather satisfying. They were lead into the front entry where
they were met by two neat rows of six servants.

An older, but solid-looking butler with a green cord draped over his
shoulder marched down the row to introduced himself to Harry and his
chaperone.

"I am Mr. Whitby, manager of this estate. On behalf of Lord Voldemort
and his staff, we welcome you to the Sianach Lodge, Young Master
Potter."

The manager and the servants all bowed or curtsied to them, and Harry
flushed, unsure if he should do the same. Madam Hardwick didn't, so he
followed her lead. There was a moment of tense silence before Harry
realized they were expecting some sort of response from him.

"Oh...er... Th-thank you. I'm... I'm glad I was invited."

Thankfully, none of the servants seemed to pay attention to his awkward
response, and no sooner than it was out then they all dispersed to
complete their usual tasks. Mr. Whitby spoke to him yet again, gesturing
to a pretty young maid who couldn't have been more than twenty.

"This is Miss Victoria. She will be your personal maid during your stay
here. If you need anything or would like to go somewhere, she will
assist you in any way she can. Miss Victoria, if you wouldn't mind
settling our guest in his room?"

The maid curtsied, and Harry blushed when she smiled at him. She was
very pretty.

"It would be an honor and a pleasure," she said demurely, "If you would
please follow me, Young Master?"

He followed her to a corridor and up a narrow stairwell. Once at the
second floor, tall windows allowed a gloomy silver light to fill the
hall. He was surprised to find it appeared to be decorated for
Christmas, bows of holly, garlands of real evergreen, and wreaths of
pine and winter berries. Then realized these were pagan decorations long
before Christians adopted them. The portraits lining the hall were
mostly woodland scenes, filled with beasts and hunters moving cautiously
through the painted greenery. Indeed, for all that the estate was
clearly a mansion, the place had a sort of 'lodge' atmosphere to it,
aided by the abundance of unpainted wood furniture and soft natural
colors.

Victorial led him to a room at the farthest end of the hall, opening it
to reveal a large room with sets of windows of two adjoining walls,
looking out over the gardens and forest beyond. The room was done in
elegant ambers and dark woods, dominated by a large four poster bed in
the center and an ornate rolling desk in a corner under a Western
window. He was immediately drawn to the Northern windows to admire the
view.

"Pretty, isn't it?" his maid said.

"Y-yes, it is," he said, feeling strangely shy. He had never had anyone
obligated to do what he told them, especially not anyone older than him,
and he wasn't quite sure what to do with her. She quirked tilted her
head, regarding him curiously.

"Are you really only twelve?"

"Yes, I really am only twelve. Why? Do I look older?"

"Not really, it's just... You know you're pretty well known, in certain
circles," she said. She peaked out the door to make sure no one was
coming, and that made Harry feel inexplicably better. When she did that,
she looked *much* younger and more than a little mischievous. "You're
probably the most famous twelve year old in Britain."

"I wouldn't know," Harry said, skeptical of her claim, "WYRA and
Hogwarts and few hours in Daigon Alley are about all I've seen of
Britain."

She seemed to consider his words, testing them against what she had
heard and what she was seeing for herself. She smiled when she reached
her conclusion.

"You seem like a nice boy. Is there anything I can get you? A snack or
something to drink? I can give you a tour of manor if you wish, or would
your prefer to rest?"

"Ummm... well, I do need to get caught up on some homework. Perhaps a
trip to the library, and then we can save the full tour for tomorrow."

"Very good, Young Master. Master has a very impressive library. I am
certain we can find you something useful."

---

"I want those background checks done before the office clears for the
Holidays or *no one* is going home. Let the personnel department know
they can recruit from the administration office, and make sure McCullen
knows not to give them any grief over the matter," Voldemort ordered,
standing before his office mirror as his assistant draped his cloak
around his shoulders and fastened it with a brooch in the shape of
coiled serpent.

"Yes, My Lord," Lewis reassured, "I will have it taken care of it. Are
you certain you wouldn't prefer to stay in the city tonight? The weather
has gotten nasty since this afternoon."

Voldemort regarded himself in the mirror, and finding his appearance
satisfactory, made his way to the door. His private secretary scurried
to open it before he reached it. The receptionist stood and bowed
respectfully as he crossed her desk, handing him his messages without a
word. He leafed through them as he made his way to the door.

"Thank you, Lewis, but Harry should have arrived by now, and I wish to
speak to him before tomorrow."

"I understand, Sir. Will Mister Potter be joining you tomorrow?"

"Eventually," he said, exiting the inner sanctum of his Bristol office
and entering the restricted offices, where six Court Sentinels suddenly
appeared around him to escort him. The Sentinels eyed the enchanted
paper airplanes floating overhead and the late-working employees peeking
out from their cubicles suspiciously. Voldemort spared an acknowledging
nod to his hard-working staff as he passed, before continuing his
conversation. "He's recovering from a bout of the Pox, so he'll need the
mornings and afternoons to catch up on his studies. There are some
social gatherings I would like him to attend in the evenings though. I
think it's time he's introduced to his future colleagues. Except for
Bernstein. Make sure that woman and the little whores she calls her
daughters aren't in attendance at any of these gatherings."

"No Bernstein whores. I'll see to it," Lewis acknowledged, vaguely
amused at the order. Normally, the Dark Lord made it a point to have
them around. They tended to keep the more easily distracted audience
suitably entertained.

"And Moyse. That man's a pedophile, I don't care if they found evidence
or not."

They left the restricted section of the office and entered the public
corridors. A Sentinel at the front desk saluted as they passed and
picked up the phone to call the garage.

"Perhaps it would be easier to fit young Mr. Potter with a chastity
belt. I'm afraid political officials tend to have aberrant tastes,"
Lewis joked, then hoped he wouldn't regret it. The Dark Lord's sense of
humor was patchy at the best of times.

Voldemort barked a short laugh, and dismissed the matter. Four of the
six guardians and their master entered the private elevator, while two
of them headed for the stairs. His personal assistant bid the Dark Lord
goodnight and headed back to the office to complete the last of his
orders.

The elevator released them into the underground garage where a motor
cade was already standing by to relieve his current Sentinelss. The two
that had taken the stairs reappeared to confirm everything was clear so
far. Six men already mounted on brooms surrounded his private car, and
he walked through them without hesitating. This sort of security had
become such a routine it moved like clockwork, even at times when it was
designed to do exactly the opposite.

The driver opened the door for him and he slid in, allowing himself the
luxury of a deep calming breath. Faintly, he thought he could still
smell Harry and the distinct scent of snake in the velvet of his seat.
On the floor of the compartment he made out a tiny down feather, no
doubt belonging to Elsbeth.

"I trust everything went well, Helena?"

---

Voldemort's private library was indeed just as impressive as Victoria
had said it was. It hardly compared to Hogwart's, but the two story
bookshelves lining the walls had a little bit of everything. And one
particular book caught his attention.

He hadn't expected to find it. Hadn't even *conceived* of the
possibility. All he had wanted was a book on magical booby traps for
DA&D. Yet there it was, nestled between '*The Security of a Castle in
your Home'*and *'One Hundred Useful Creatures for Your Home and
Garden'.*

'*Guardian Beasts'*by Elmer Furly lay in his hands, growling softly.

"No way."

"Everything alright, Young Master?" Victoria asked from across the room,
browsing through transfiguration tomes.

"Uh, yeah. Just... you know, some interesting stuff in here."

He quickly turned away, knowing his face was probably read like an open
book. He took a deep breath. This wasn't necessarily the same book
Hermione was looking for. There were lots of books out there, no reason
why there shouldn't be copies. Perhaps every library had this particular
book. He opened to the cover page and nearly dropped it.

'Property of Hogwarts School of Wizardry and Witchcraft' was stamped in
bold red ink across the bottom of the page.

"Young Master Potter?"

"Eep!"

He spun around to see Mr. Whitby standing at the library door.

"I am truly sorry to disturb you, Young Master, but your designer as
arrived."

"Huh?"

---

Madam Hardwick sat across from the Dark Lord, her severe expression
unmoving even in the face of the most powerful man in Britain.

"There were no problems. He behaved himself well enough, though I might
recommend some etiquette lessons. The servants unnerved him a bit.
Though, I suppose anyone used to house elves rather than real people
might behave similarly."

"I'll have Whitby teach him the basics," he said. "Anything more will
have to wait until summer holidays perhaps. Anything else?"

"A haircut."

"I'm afraid that's pretty much useless. He has a terminal case of
'Potter hair'. No cure has yet been found."

She sighed, disappointed. They exited the garage and entered a narrow
cobblestone street. The Guardians mounted on their broomsticks cleared
the way, pointing their wands threateningly at witches and wizards who
lingered about the street in order to glimpse the Lord of Wizarding
Britain.

"He will need new clothes. All he has are his clothes from last year,
and those are hardly suitable for more than formal than school. I've
sent a designer on ahead to the house. Mr. Whitby was informed and is
prepared for his arrival."

"I trust they are discreet?"

"Mrs. Malfoy recommended him."

Voldemort nodded in approval.

"It's good to know that there is someone in WYRA I can entrust these
matters to when Professor Snape is indispose."

"Thank you, My Lord."

He turned his attention to the man sitting on the other side of the
woman. He was a short, solid man, easily overlooked in a crowd and easy
to ignore in private as he was prone to neither fidgeting or talking.

"I trust all safety precautions have been adapted to include my young
charge, Morgan?"

"Yes."

"I will hold you personally responsible if it turns out your team is
unprepared."

"Yes."

That was Morgan in a nutshell. A yes-man. It would have been annoying if
he'd ever actually failed to follow through.

They made their way through wizarding Bristol without any delays and
finally exited the city by crossing under an archway that exited from
under a train tunnel and onto a muggle road. The driver killed the
lights, hiding the car and the shadow figures that followed it. They
stopped briefly at the entrance gate to the estate, and Morgan exited
with the driver. The driver returned a moment later, but Morgan did not.
Once they passed through the gate, Morgan and his men disappeared in
seven resounding 'pop!'s.

A minute later they pulled up to the front entrance. Whitby was there to
meet him when the driver opened the door for him and Hardwick.

"Whitby, has the designer arrived yet?"

"Yes, Master. Mister Spindle and Young Master Potter are in the White
Room taking measurements."

"How was he?"

"Studious. He went straight for the library after we settled him
upstairs."

Voldemort considered Harry's actions, and decided they were good. He
wanted Harry to feel comfortable enough in his home...homes... to
venture out from his bedroom. He made his way to the White room, Whitby
and Hardwick close behind, unable to depart without his dismissal. He
opened a set of double doors to a long room, painfully bright after his
nighttime journey.

"A little privacy, please?! At least knock!"

Voldemort found Harry standing on top of a stool, stripped down to his
briefs and turning bright red. He smirked in amusement, but sent his
followers away with a dismissive gesture. He closed the doors behind
him, and told the surprised designer to continue. His young protégé
looked none too pleased that he was still there, circling his half naked
self like a curious shark.

"You're looking a little thin."

An irritated look crossed Harry's face, but the embarrassed blush didn't
recede. Mr. Spindle handed him a crisp white shirt.

"Yeah well, blame Sna- Professor Snape. No Quidditch practices for a
month and then two and half weeks in the infirmary will do this to you,"
he muttered, struggling with the shirt that seemed too big in some
places and two small in others. With at little help, he managed to get
it on and Mr. Spindle went about setting pins for the refitting.

"I see it hasn't dampened your spirits any. How do you like my house?"

Deciding it was better to save his anger for a time when he was a little
less naked, Harry accepted the subject change.

"Man-eating deer aside, it's rather nice. Ouch!"

"S-sorry," the designerr stuttered, glancing nervously at the Dark Lord
who ignored the slip.

"What do I need a new wardrobe for anyway? My old clothes were fine.
Maybe I needed to let out the hem a little in the pants, but otherwise
fine."

Voldemort snorted. He found himself a chair and slid into it, regarding
Harry thoughtfully.

"*You are more than a mere orphan, Harry. You are my protégé*,"he
hissed. "*You will dress to a standard*I*find befitting.*"

Protégé. Draco had called him that once. Natalie had tossed it around
like flower petals. A few students had murmured it in the halls of
Hogwarts. But Hermione had never said it. Snape had never said it. He
had trusted that they would tell him if it were true.

"*Why? I'm nothing but a trouble-maker.*"

Voldemort smiled, a sort of fondness in his expression he'd never seen
before. It looked familiar somehow.

"*We are two of a kind, Harry. Parselmouths, orphans, and brother wands
make up only a small fraction of what we have in common. Even our
differences strengthen us. We can do great things together. We*will*do
great things together.*"

Uh-oh, might have frightened the boy that time, if the sudden shift from
pink to white was any indicator.

"*Even if you are skinny and have silly hair.*"

Oh good, the pink was back.

"There's nothing wrong with my hair! Ouch!"

"S-sorry."

---

A few pin pricks and far too many clothes to fit in his single trunk
later found Harry and his keeper at the dinner table. Aside from the
serving woman standing behind them, it was a fairly laid back affair.
Voldemort, predictably, sat at the head of the table while Harry sat at
his right, conversing over pot roast and mashed potatoes.

The Dark Lord had opted to keep things light, talking of nothing more
grand or ambitious than taking a shopping trip sometime during the
holiday.

"Victoria is nice. Seems kind of young to be working full time though."

"She's a squib," Voldemort informed him. "All of my servants accept
Whitby and my security staff are. Most start working by the time they're
fourteen."

Yet another surprise. He'd known about squibs of course, but hadn't been
interested enough to learn much about them before.

"Why do you take muggleborns from muggles, but keep squibs with
wizards."

Voldemort considered his question, or perhaps was just enjoying the
flavor of his wine, before answering.

"Magic is a gift and a birthright. Nature provides the gift. She does
not give her gifts to everyone, and her deprivation can be devastating.
Yet we, as a culture and a race, provide the birthright. It is a history
and a future that we share with all of our children. I find it
fundamentally *wrong* to deny them this part of themselves. Especially
when it will more than likely be the birthright*and the gift* of their
children. There have been studies conducted that suggest the
re-emergence of magical talent in later generations is more common than
previously thought. There's even a theory that all muggleborns are the
descendants of squibs."

That seemed reasonable, Harry supposed, except that despite what
Voldemort had said, squibs seemed to have the short end of the stick.
Working what he suspected were mostly menial jobs from fourteen till you
died seemed a bit of a rip off. He was just about ready to point that
out, when Voldemort took charge of the conversation.

"Whitby tells me you've already found the library. How much homework do
you have to make up?"

Harry flinched at the mention of the library and reminder of the book
he'd found there. For second, he wondered if the Dark Lord hadn't laid a
trap for him, seeing if he could catch him in a lie, then remembered if
he suspected anything legilimency would be his first option and trickery
his second.

"Um... well, I have most of my reading done. I have a lot of essays to
do, but Professors McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout are letting me get
away with writing half of what they assigned everyone else. I have exams
in *everything*. I'll be making up potions for *months* when I get back
to school. Then I have some wand work, but I'm usually a pretty quick
study with that."

"I've taken the liberty of hiring you a tutor to help you. Hopefully,
he'll be able to speed things along. There are some matters I would like
your assistance in."

Harry felt panic well up inside. What could the Dark Lord possibly hope
he could help with?

"Careful, Harry, if you decide to panic now you'll choke," Voldemort
drawled. "I have several public appearances to make, outlining some
projects I have for next year. All I need for you to do is stand around
and look pretty for the cameras. I want the press and the public aware
of you before you graduate."

"Do they know about my parents?" he asked, hating the thought of being
surrounded by cameras and people asking nosy questions, and then again
of said people prying into his past and painting it across the next
edition of Wizarding Weekly. He hated all of this but he could only
focus on small pieces of it at a time.

Voldemort remained silent for a moment, regarding Harry's sudden
interest in moving his food around his plate rather than eating it. It
was a good question, and one that had taken more sensitivity than he was
used to dealing with.

"They know... but they won't release that information. Not for some time
yet. Who else knows about your parents?"

"Hermione, sort of. She knows they were both wizards, but I couldn't
tell her their names because of the Taboo. She found my family name in
the Wizengamot. Does that mean I still get votes?"

"No, I had your family's name revoked from the Wizengamot after they
fled the country. Lestrange has them now, but I might reinstate them
when you're older. Your friend is discreet?"

"Yeah."

"Good. We will let the public continue thinking you're just an orphan
muggleborn for now."

"And later? A lot of people knew my parents. It can't stay secret
forever."

"Let me worry about that."

"And my godfathers?"

"That... is another question for later. You have enough to deal with at
the moment without worrying about the things like that. That's my job."

"And my job is to stand there and look pretty," Harry groused.

"And eat your potatoes. You're too thin."

He did as he was told, but was sulky about the whole thing. Everything
had gotten weird and considering life before he had gotten here that was
saying something. He was helpless, caught in the push and pull of people
older and more powerful than him, thrown back into the same unease that
had plagued him during his brief stay at WYRA. Hadn't he promised
himself he wouldn't allow himself to put into that situation again? How
was he going to pull himself out of this tide?

---

Voldemort retired for the evening feeling more satisfied than usual. The
slow progress on his latest project was briefly overshadowed by his
current success with Harry. The boy was warming up to him, despite the
recent debacle at Hogwarts. Their conversation over dinner had been
littered with trivialities that he normally despised, but were strangely
refreshing coming from his young charge. Every little mundane detail he
took in, he twisted and morphed into something that could be helpful to
Harry's future purpose.

Harry got along with his squib staff. Perhaps he might go on to quell
Squib protestors by negotiating with them.

Harry was shy in front of cameras. He would come off as modest or
mysterious and the public would be made even more curious about him.

Harry was skinny and had silly hair... he'd think of something.

Even the boy's apparent reluctance with his new role pleased him. If he
had been too eager, Voldemort wasn't so sure he'd be able to trust him.
He didn't need or want another Tom. Speaking of which, he wondered if he
shouldn't slip in a visit with his younger self after his meeting with
Lestrange and Snape.

That, he supposed, would depend on what his two minions had to say.

---

Guardian Victoria slipped into Harry's room shortly after midnight,
following the schedule set down by her boss. Her *real* boss. Chief
Sentinal Morgan was not a man whose orders you ignored. So despite the
inconvenience and the risk, she flitted about the room in her maid's
outfit and wand, checking for potential security risks.

Harry was fast asleep, looking very young and angelic despite the giant
cobra snoozing on his chest. Victoria paused to regard the snake, but it
seemed as oblivious to her as Harry was. It was the first sign of
Harry's special gift that she had seen, the one that had drawn the Dark
Lord to the child in the first place.

She shook her head and let out a soundless sigh. Poor child, he really
did seem like a nice boy. How long would it take for their Master to
ruin him?

---

I couldn't remember how to convert miles into kilometers. Something to
look into when I go back and proofread again.
