# The Ogre

Second year started in a manner exactly the opposite of the way first
year had started for Harry. For one thing, everyone seemed quite glad to
see him. For another, Harry had a family again, albeit an odd one in the
form of two werewolf godfathers who were convicted of treason. And
lastly, Hermione Granger of the Malfoy's was actually dreading a class.

"You don't understand," Hermione tried to explain at Monday breakfast,
"He's a monster. He shouldn't be allowed anywhere near children, women,
animals, or anyone without advanced knowledge of defensive magic."

"So then how'd he get hired?" Clyde asked, looking less than impressed
with Hermione's description so far. "There's got to be some sort of
standard."

She shook her head.

"Most of the truly awful things he done were under the authorization of
the Court, so he doesn't have a criminal record. Plus, he's a former
Death Eater. That gives him a lot of push and shove in the system.
Chances are he bribed Lestrange and together they bullied the school
board to hiring him."

Harry was only half listening. He had the feeling he was being watched.
This wasn't an unusual feeling lately, but the uneasy tingle at the base
of his neck was. Discreetly, he tried to determine the source. Ron was
his first suspect, but the redhead was too busy shoving eggs into his
mouth to bother with Harry. Following the line of Slytherins, he
inevitably found Tom. The older boy seemed to be doing well for himself,
chatting up several other fifth years as if he'd known them since their
first. After a moment, Tom glanced his way as if sensing him, and he
moved along to study the teacher's table. Voldemort was absent, as was
Lestrange. Snape was glowering at a couple of Hufflepuffs. Beside him,
however, was McNair.

And he was looking right at him.

Geh.

---

They had all of first period Herbology to prepare themselves for DA&D,
but it wasn't enough. When they got to the second period class, they
found the room transformed. All the windows had been closed, and the
only light was a series of faerie lights floating about the room. There
weren't enough, and the entire room was thrown into shadows and strange
looming shapes. More than one student had to cast a Lumos charm to find
a seat without hurting themselves.

Despite the gloom, those Gryffindors who hadn't been warned seemed
positively chipper, hoping for a teacher with a little more passion for
the subject than their last. Most of the Slytherins seemed to know
better. They didn't appear as apprehensive as Hermione, but they were
tense and Draco favored sitting beside Hermione for once instead of with
his House mates. Harry took up her other side and kept his wand in his
lap, wishing he's worn the arm guards with the pop latch for his wand
Sirius had given him.

The time for classes came and went, but their teacher did not appear.
Hermione didn't looked relieved at all, and when Harry turned to her she
hushed him with her finger and shook her head. Minutes passed and the
students became increasingly restless. The more time that passed the
more impatient they became, until they were muttering mutiny.

"This is bullocks," muttered Seamus Finnigan. "If he's not going to
show, why do we have to stay? I'm going to fall asleep soon if someone
doesn't turn the bloody lights on."

"If he's not here in five minutes I'm going to leave," bragged Ron
Weasley.

This was the general talk for the next five minutes, after which
everyone looked towards Ron expectantly. The redhead shifted
uncomfortably under their combined expectation, and finally stood and
made his way to the door.

He gave them all a contemptuous sneer and grabbed the door nob. Then he
stopped. Slowly, he let go of the door and lifted his hand to look at
it. He stared at it, seemingly mesmerized, for a moment before he
started to scream.

"Get them off! Get them off!"

Ron was now smacking his hand against his robes, becoming increasingly
frantic. Hermione and Draco came to his side. Calling forth a Lumos
charm, they inspected his trembling hand but there was nothing there but
clean flesh over bone.

"Get them off!" Ron kept crying, "Bloody hell, they're climbing up my
arm!"

"There's nothing there," Draco insisted.

"I can *feel* them!"

"It's only a spell, you need to calm down," Hermione said, her mind
reeling with possible curses and counter curses.

"Fuck you, you bloody cow! Just get them OFF!"

"What do you see, Weasley? What's crawling up your arm?" Draco demanded.

"Spiders! Hundred and thousands of spiders."

"Aracnisortia?" Draco suggested to Hermione.

"No, that summons actual spiders. He's only hallucinating them. It's an
illusion spell, I think... I don't know. I don't know!"

"Well, there's a first time for everything," Natalie said at her desk,
looking vaguely amused. It was no secret that she loathed Ron Weasley
(the feeling was mutual), and a little freak out was no reason for alarm
in her opinion.

Draco suddenly looked thoughtful. "I wonder... Crabbe, go look for a
teacher."

The beefy Slyterins who had been chuckling stupidly during the entire
event, did as he was told. Hermione was about to protest, but Draco
covered her mouth with his hand. The moment Crabbe touched the door, he
let out a surprised yelp that soon became full out screaming.

"Stop looking at me! Go away!"

He kicked and stomped at the floor.

"Is it spiders?" Draco asked, finally releasing Hermione.

"No, it's eyes! Eyeballs everywhere!"

"Draco, come on! They're starting to spread!" Ron pleaded, nearing
hysterics.

"Keep your mouth shut, Weasley," the blonde Slytherin hissed, "Or
they'll get in your mouth. It's a type of fear curse, not a illusion
curse. *Phobius Nostica!*"

Ron stopped flailing and Crabbe followed soon after, looking around
themselves in growing relief.

Someone started clapping from the other side of the room. The windows
suddenly burst open, flooding the room in light and blinding everyone.
The clapping continued, moving about the room until it was at the very
front. A deep, gravely voice began to speak.

"Well done, Mr. Malfoy. Not only were you able to determine the sort of
curse, you knew the counter curse while under pressure. Twenty points to
Slytherins. And *you*, Ms. Granger..." His voice was suddenly
contemptuous. "Flailing about like a fool and throwing out random
assumptions. You're counter curses for hallucination curses or
Aracnisortia would have only made things worse. Thirty points from
Gryffindor!"

Harry could still only see vague shapes, but it was enough to see his
friend was ashamed. He seriously wanted to point out that Draco's first
suggestion had been wrong and only Hermione's correction had prevented
him from casting the wrong counter-curse. Additionally, Crabbe was
beyond stupid to touch the door and Ron hadn't exactly been helping
himself. No one else in the entirety of the room (and reluctantly he
admitted that included himself) had any idea what to do, so why was he
picking on her for trying? What was the point of this whole fiasco?

"Now get back to your seats, I have a lecture to give. Not there,
Granger! You obviously need extra attention. You're sitting up front."

The students started to return to their seats and rearrange themselves,
and Harry used the confusion to move his seat beside her again. His
vision was now mostly clear and he could get a better look at Hermione.
She was sitting stiffly, focused on not crying or ducking her head in
humiliation. He wanted so badly to comfort her, but he didn't dare bring
down another wave of McNair's scorn.

It was all for not.

"Potter! What is the name of the curse I placed on the door?"

"I do not know, professor."

"I thought you were the school's shining new star? Surely, you know
something so simple?"

The man's mouth was filled with sarcasm, and as leaned in close to
sneer, Harry could see it was full of rotten teeth as well. Harry eyed
him cautiously, his hand tightening on his wand.

"No, I'm afraid not, professor."

The man gave him a rotten grin.

"Well, we can't have that, now can we? A two foot long essay on The
Phobia Curse due by Wednesday, Potter."

The man turned stalked back to the front of the classroom, and Harry
hoped that the worst was over. No such luck. There was very brief, very
rude introduction by McNair, who basically stated he was the
government's torture expert and if they didn't do well in the class they
were soon going to understand what that meant. There was no syllabus or
assigned reading. If you came to class and didn't automatically know
what he wanted than it was going to be on your head. The one foolish
Slytherin who said it was unfair got detention for a week.

And then there was the lecture. The very least that could be said was
that the man knew his material. He went into curses in great detail. He
seemed particularly fond of the Bludgeoning curse (self explanatory) and
the Internal Fire curse (which melted one's insides without touching the
skin), and had a whole series of visual aids to demonstrate to the
entire class. When everyone was finally released, it was with no
homework, but a promise of practical application that Wednesday.

In a very subdued manner, everyone made their way to the dungeons for
third period Potions. Snape's usually intimidating presence was
positively tame in comparison with McNair's, and he seemed none too
pleased with their lack of fear. He was even less pleased when the
blubber worms they were to be slicing for their potions resulted in over
half the class vomiting into their cauldrons (if they were lucky) and
the other half unable to even attempt to *poke* at the slimy creatures
that rather resembled one of the illustrations of McNair's lecture.

Harry (who had removed his glasses during DA&D to avoid traumatizing
himself after the first three or four illustrations), Hermione, and
Draco (who had both wisely avoided eating at breakfast) were of the few
the had managed not to vomit and at least *attempted* to dice their
worms. They were held in class after the Potion's Master banished
everyone from the room to complete the class on Saturday morning.

"What is going on? Is there some sort of contagion going around? Have
the Weasley's been giving you candy?" the man demanded.

The three students shared an uneasy look. None of them were certain if
they should say anything. McNair was a teacher and a former Slytherin,
and Snape hardly seemed the type to hold terrorizing students against
someone. But Harry was feeling bad for not being able to help Hermione,
and if there was anyone who might actually have the compulsion and the
power to protect her than it would be her godfather. He looked the man
directly in the eye... an invitation that would not force him to
reaccount Hermione's humiliation in front of her.

Snape took him up on the offer, and Harry felt his presence slither
around his mind. He tried to call up the events of a mere two hours
before, but his thoughts jumped about randomly until the master
legilimens managed to pin down the ones he wanted.

His expression turned positively *evil*.

The Potion's Master stalked away from them, Hermione and Draco baffled
over what had overcome their godfather. The man stalked into on the of
the back rooms and a moment later he returned, wearing a completely
different set. Unlike his crisply pressed teaching robes, these new
robes were layered in plates of stiff leather similar to protective gear
under Harry's Quidditch robes. Somehow Harry didn't think the man was
going to go play Quidditch.

"The three of you return to your common rooms until lunch.," he
commanded, and then disappeared again.

"What's happening?" Harry asked, looking to the two siblings. They were
sharing a worried, although hopeful look. Then Draco actually smirked.

"I think our godfather's gone to straighten out McNair, *personally.*"

"Oh, no, this is bad. He could get fired for this!" she said, beginning
to pace. "Lestrange will use this as an excuse to sack him for sure!"

"Don't get your knickers in a twist," Draco said, still smirking.
"There's no way she can fire Severus with out You-Know-Who's go ahead,
and there's no way he'll side against Severus over McNair. He's been on
the outs with the Dark Lord since he started questioning his muggleborn
policies. Father says its only a matter of time before McNair's given to
the werewolves, and Greyback will kill him for sure. They've been trying
to kill each other for *decades*."

"That's all well and good, Draco, but Voldemort's not here. He's
organizing some new project down in Bristol."

Draco just shrugged, unconcerned.

Harry placed a comforting hand on her shoulder.

"Hey, don't worry about it. Snape's a Slytherin. He wouldn't do
something rash. I bet he's come up with at least half a dozen ways to
blame the whole thing on Lestrange, McNair, or me."

She smiled a little at that, but soon went back to fretting.

---

McNair and Snape were absent from lunch. So were many of the first year
Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs who took DA&D first period, and the second
year Slytherins and Gryffindors. Those third year students who had the
already infamous class reported it as extremely boring, as they'd been
forced to read their books through the entire period while their teacher
sat glowering at everything from his desk.

"What do you think Snape did to him?" Harry wondered out loud. "Do you
think it's Imperius?"

Hermione shook her head. "Who knows? Regardless, this can't go on
forever. We won't learn anything."

"At least we'll still be alive. Besides, Snape's starting that Dueling
Club, remember? I bet we'll learn lots of stuff... lots of painful,
humiliating fun will be had by all... all Slytherins at least. Cheer
up."

He went on to distract her with absurd speculations about their other
classes. Would McGonagall teach them how to transfigure people into
furniture? Would Toure make them read Merlin's chronicles... all two
thousand pages of it? Could Snape brew a potion that let him go without
sleeping for a week? It wasn't long before she was pointing out the
implausibility of such things and then going to full out lecture mode.
The more she talked the less she worried and the less depressed she
seemed. It was what Harry wanted; for Hermione to realize that, despite
McNair's hurtful words and her own moment of ignorance, she *was* smart
and competent and a good witch.

He was even willing to sit through her endless monologues to achieve
that.

"Excuse me."

They both turned to see Tom standing behind them, a book in one hand.

"I apologize for the interruption, but I was wondering if I might borrow
Potter for a moment?"

"Oh, of course," Hermione said, and turning back to her friend she
smiled, "Thanks Harry. I needed that."

He blushed, knowing she'd seen right through him. Escaping to the
corridor just outside the Great Hall, he and Tom found a place to speak
in relative privacy. Harry had to admit he was surprised the Slytherin
had sought him out. Even though Slytherins tended to overlook him being
a Gryffindor (except during Quidditch matches of course), they rarely
overlooked that he was still a kid. Aside from Morgenson and Whitehall's
attempted murder, few of the older students wanted anything to do with
him, and was Tom already becoming so popular he had assumed he would
follow that trend. After all, what could he possibly have in common with
a muggle-raised Gryffindor three years his junior?

"I heard some of the second years talking about your Dark Arts class
this morning," Tom said, "They said he took a lot of points from the
other Gryffindors, but only assigned you an essay."

Harry frowned.

"Yeah, a *two foot* essay due on Wednesday."

"Do you know why he did that?" It didn't sound like a question, but an
expectation. Harry wasn't sure what he wanted, so he just shook his
head.

"Students receive a tally in their school records for the number of
points earned and lost and from what classes. He didn't deduct points
because he knows you have the Dark Lord's favor, and if he deducts too
many points than he will be seen as tormenting you. Essays won't go into
your record and he can assign as many of those as he wants, tormenting
you that way."

Harry hadn't thought of that. It actually seemed pretty absurd. Why
would the Dark Lord be interested in his student file? Of course,
logically, the man shouldn't have any interest in him at all. Damn
parselmouth ability. Damn Nagini.

He sighed.

"It doesn't matter. House points or essays or detentions, the man is a
sadist and he'll find a way to torment me along with everyone else."

"You could always tell the Dark Lord," Tom pointed out.

"No way. I'm not going to go running to the dictator of Wizarding
Britain every time someone is mean to me. Half the school will be dead
by the end of term. I can handle this on my own."

The elder boy smirked and handed him a book.

"This is from my personal library. I book marked the section on the
Phobia Curse. It should help you on your essay."

"Oh, thank you, but... Isn't it valuable? It looks really old."

"Don't worry, I have plenty of protection and preservation spells on it.
It was just sitting in my trunk getting dusty anyway."

Harry ran his fingers over the aged leather binding, feeling and
smelling the age of it. It was well over three hundred years old. He
looked up to find Tom smiling at him with some amusement, and he was
struck with this intense feeling of deja vu. He had seen that exact
expression somewhere before, and though he couldn't remember where
exactly he knew it hadn't been from someone he trusted.

"Tom, why are you being so nice to me? I don't have anything against
Slytherins in particular, but I know their relationships outside of
family are always more practical than friendly."

Tom blink, then smiled sheepishly. It was cute, and Harry knew it was
fake, but couldn't help but be charmed nonetheless.

"You're right, Harry, I am very much a Slytherin. I do not befriend just
anyone, and having said that I think you should understand that you are
not just anyone. You have a destiny. I have one too. When our fates
intertwine, and they inevitably will, I would not have it be as enemies.
I rather like you after all."

With that, Tom gave him a friendly pat on the shoulder and wandered back
to the Great Hall. Harry stood in the corridor, staring dumbly at the
door. He looked down at the book, opening it to the marked page. Sure
enough there was six pages worth of material on the Phobia Curse. More
than enough to complete his essay. He shook his head and smiled.

"Slytherins."

---

That evening, Severus was just freshening up for dinner in his private
quarters when Bellatrix showed up at his door. The tone of the wards she
set off suggested she was irritated. He took his time answering the
door, noting with some amusement that the longer he delayed the more
beautifully the flutish sound became.

He finally allowed her entrance, and she stormed in. She was ready to
rage at him and threaten him and tell him he was fired, but the tea set
placed on the coffee table made her pause. There were two cups set out.

She gave her rival an assessing glare, but he ignored her in favor of
making himself comfortable in one of the sitting chairs.

"Would you like some tea, Bella? It's almost as black as your heart,
just how you like it," he offered. She sneered, but took a seat across
from him. For all her anger at him, she had not come here to cross
wands, and when it came to wit he would always outmatch her. The
pretense of civility was necessary for the games they played.

"No thank you, Severus. I do not intend to stay long. I trust you know
why I am here?"

"I imagine it has something to do with McNair's brief stint through the
hospital wing. How's his kidney, by the way? I admit I got carried away
with that particular curse."

"Still turned to stone last I checked. That silly medi-witch is such a
fool when it comes to such curses. He managed to finish the school day,
though he wasn't much use to the students."

"Madam, his deficits as a teacher ensured that before I ever sent a
curse at him. Are you aware of his curriculum?"

"Of course, I am. I reviewed his syllabus myself. It was perhaps a
little ambitious, but after Quirrel I thought that would be a welcome
change of pace. Why, Severus? Have our little darlings come whining to
you about their big mean teacher? How dare he make them think?! How dare
he make them work?!"

"How dare he send them on to my class incapable of brewing a simple
potion without vomiting? Either you're as inept at judging suitable
class subjects as you are teachers or the old ghoul lied to you.
Regardless, once again you've left me to handle *your* mess."

Bellatrix stared at him, stunned. Never before had he dared to talk to
her in such a blatantly disrespectful manner. Not since she'd become
headmistress at least.

"Why you impudent little grease spot. I should have you flogged and
thrown into the moat," she hissed. Severus lifted an amused brow.

"No doubt you'll join me there shortly after. Oh, Bella, I don't know
what McNair gave you or what he promised or what he has on you, but you
never should have let him into the school. After all your mistakes with
Potter last year, our Lord already sees you as a fool and now in your
incompetence you hire a man not only unsuited to the position, but also
in disfavor."

"McNair was a loyal and dedicated warrior during the war-"

Severus knew he had just won the battle. The moment she had gone on the
defense, she had lost perspective on *his*mistakes. He could easily have
been reported and punished for attacking McNair, even temporarily
suspended from the school with Voldemort's approval. The Dark Lord may
hate McNair, but he deplored lack of self control even more. And that
was what had happened with Severus.

He had seen in Potter's mind the emotional violation of his goddaughter
and then the unforgivable mutilation of knowledge. The disgusting
neophyte introduced the Dark Arts as some sort of torture device,
required only for the suffering and pain it inflicted. He neglected
totally the discipline, the medical benefits, the protection, and the
beauty of the material. If the man continued to infect the students with
his notion of the subject they would grow up with a deep spiritual
aversion to or twisted concept of it.

And in his anger and indignation, he had adorned his battle robes,
unused since the war and had gone to teach him what a man with the true
understanding of Dark Arts could do. He had succeeded too. McNair had
sworn, under the extreme throws of pain and the promise of worse, to
change his teaching technique and he would not so much as glare at his
goddaughter again.

He held little hope for the class, but that was why he was holding
Dueling Club. Listed as a club, be could not force the students to
attend and being who he was he knew he could not compel them with his
personality either. But if he could gather enough of them, endue them
with the knowledge and appreciation that McNair never could, there would
still be some hope for the future of the art at and beyond Hogwarts.

"- and he has extensive practical experience-"

"Bella, just stop. I'm more than willing to overlook McNair's many
failings, if in exchange you allow me some leniency in... *mentoring*
him. He's a new teacher after all. A few mistakes in the beginning is
perfectly understandable."

She wanted to say no. McNair was her responsibility and she wanted to
handle the matter as was her right as headmistress, but in doing so she
would have to admit her knowledge of his lack of qualifications. That
would give weight to Severus' accusation of bribery and blackmail. If
Voldemort learned of Severus' increased responsibility with both
potions, the Dueling club, *and* the dark arts class, that would count
once again in his favor and in her disfavor. But it was the only option.
At least if she gave him what he wanted, Severus was in a position to
make a mistake and ruin himself. If she had to help him along with one,
she wasn't going to object.

"Fine. Do what you want, but be discreet. I will not have the students
believing their teachers are not united, and attempting to play them
against each other. Who told you about McNair in the first place?"

"Someone I know that has experience with discretion. You needn't know
their name. Cheers."

He relaxed back into his chair, taking a sip of his tea to hide his
smile as Bellatrix stormed out of his quarters. He would have to be
extra careful from now on, he knew. He was in open war with the
headmistress, and though he knew himself her superior in wit and
planning, she had the benefit of power and position and popularity. She
would try something before the year was through.

There was a familiar and thrilling sense of danger lingering about.

Someone might very well die.

It made him nostalgic.