# The Prince and the Wolf Lords

When Harry had thought about his second summer with the Sleuw's, he had
pictured a very lonely couple of months doing chores for his care
takers, a little bit of homework, writing a lot of letters, and a bit of
drawing now and then. And his time was spent doing those things... and
quite a bit more.

He owed Professor McGonagall a very nice thank you letter for making it
possible. The day after the end of term, she had come down to the
cottage to visit with the Sleuw's before she went on her summer holiday.
They had all been sitting around the kitchen table enjoying a tea,
scones, and conversation, when McGonagall had turned her attention to
him.

"So, Mr. Potter. Have you any plans for the summer?"

Harry had shrugged, looking more depressed than he meant to and said,
"Nothing special. Just homework and chores."

She had regarded him curiously for a moment and then smiled.

"Homework and chores won't fill all your time. Have you considered
finding a job? A little spending money of your own will help decrease
your student debt after you graduate, after all."

"A job? I can get a job?" he asked, surprised. "Doing what?"

At this Mrs. Sleuw let out a bubbly little laugh.

"All sorts of things, dearie! The Wizarding Weekly has an entire section
of jobs for minors in the employment section."

"There's a lot of summer positions opening up now," McGonagall said, "If
you find one you're interested in, then write me letter and send the ad
with it. As your Head of House and one of your legal guardians, I have
the authority to approve or disapprove it. I'll set up an account at
Gringotts for you as well, if you like."

And Harry did like. His pride was practically demanded he do such an
adult thing. A job. What a perfectly marvelous idea!

A week later, Harry found himself working for Wibble's Wards and
Boundaries Inc. as a 'post setter'. All he was required to do was follow
a boundary line (this was very easy given the line was three inches
thick and glowing bright orange) already made by the 'line maker', and
place a spelled post the size of a golf tee in the ground every five
feet. He would then utter two simple spells and the posts would grow to
normal size, firmly planted in the earth. The posts would each have
identical runes burned into it. Later, a 'ward setter' would come by and
activate the runes and the wards would be set to perform various
functions, like anti-apparition or silent alarms or dispelling garden
gnomes.

It was pretty tedious, but Harry didn't mind. It was a job with real
money (not a lot mind you, but still more than he had), and it allowed
him to get away from Hogwarts and seeing different areas of Britain.
There were many different places that required warding posts; farms,
ranches, private properties, large gardens, and even animal sanctuaries.

His co-workers were all older men and women, but friendly enough.
Commutes and lunch breaks were lively affairs, with a lot of teasing and
dirty jokes flying around. Harry rarely had much to say, but he liked
listening to them talk. Having so little experience with the wizarding
world it was interesting to see what adult wizards and witches thought
of it. There was a lot of grumbling about taxes, mortgages, and
inflation. Plenty of debate about Quidditch, foreign affairs (Harry knew
Britain was pretty much cut off from the rest of the Wizarding World,
but hadn't realized how *angry* British wizards were about it), and the
newest magical discoveries. Laughter and sorrow with families growing,
shrinking, arguing, and reconciling. Teasing involving someone's latest
girlfriend or boyfriend or both.

When ever their conversations delved into something confusing to him,
Harry would write Hermione a letter. He sent a lot of letters. Two or
three a week to Hermione alone, and at least once a week to Natalie who
always demanded her portraits. Occasionally, he sent one to Clyde, but
he was much less reliable about sending one back. Elsbeth was quite
busy, and Harry used his first payment to buy her lots of owl treats and
nice owl stand to make up for it.

Early July found Harry laying posts for an animal sanctuary. At least
that was what the Foreman, Mr. Wumbs had told him. He was rather
suspicious. The pudgy little man had been anxious that morning, and his
usual warnings about staying on the right side of the fence had been
particularly earnest. Harry had even been given a safety portkey, a
little stick that hung around his neck, that he was to snap in half if
he thought himself in trouble or if he got lost. The other workers had
said it was standard procedure when working around such a large area
because they wouldn't see each other for several hours at a time. Having
done similar jobs before, Harry didn't entirely believe them, but he
didn't want to lose his job by refusing to go.

The first day, he had been nervous, but nothing had happened. The only
thing remotely dangerous he had seen was a wild boar and a large stag,
and both had run away from him very quickly. By the second day, Harry
was starting to enjoy his surroundings. It was hot out, but the trees
were thick and shading, and all around him the forest smelled richly of
an earthy perfume. When he worked quietly enough he was able to see all
sorts of animals, some he had only learned about that year. Wood
sprites, so easily mistaken for dragon flies if you weren't paying
attention, and a Popcrit, a sparrow-shaped bird that could change colors
like a chameleon. He very much wished he could have brought his
sketchbook.

On the third day, he was feeling perfectly at ease and having worked
steadily through the morning, he decided to stop for a bit and enjoy an
early lunch. No sooner than he had sat down and started digging through
his satchel for a sandwich, than he became aware that the forest had
gone silent. Slowly, he removed his satchel, and taking the safety
portkey in hand, stood up again to look around.

There was a man standing on the wrong side of the fence. Immediately,
Harry could tell he wasn't a muggle, but his manner of dress was strange
even for a wizard. He wore black leather britches and matching arm
guards, but no shirt or shoes. His exposed skin was tanned and muscular,
but heavily scarred with both claw marks and small burn patches. To add
to his savage appearance, he wore a necklace of large claws and teeth
and a small braid inlaid with bone beads hung down the side of his face.

Harry's hand tightened around the portkey, but did not immediately break
it. The man was still almost fifty feet away, and had not moved towards
him. Although how he had gotten even that close without Harry noticing
was a bit of a mystery.

They eyed each other curiously for a minute, before Harry spoke.

"Are you a werewolf?"

The man looked surprised by the question, but then grinned. When he
smiled, his whole intimidating demeanor seemed to fade, so that even the
deep scar across his nose looked no more malign than a freckle.

"Are you Harry?"

The young wizard gave him an equally surprised look, but couldn't call
up the good humor. He was just plain unnerved.

"Uh...I...um..."

The man started to meander towards him, and he took an instinctive step
backward. The man hesitated, crossed his arms, but didn't stop grinning.

"Oh, come now pup, Moony got a better reception than this. Doesn't your
own Godfather warrant at least a hug?"

A spark of recollection. An evening spent with his father looking
through old photo albums, and his finger pointing at a picture of man no
older then eighteen with his arm wrapped around his father's neck. Black
hair, black eyes, and grin like a wolf. *That's your godfather, Harry.
If anything happens to us, there no one I'd trust with your safety more
than him.*

"U-Uncle Padfoot?"

If possible the grin grew even wider and he continued his confident
stride forward. Harry released the portkey, and moved forward to meet
him. There's was a brief hesitation on both their parts as they reached
the boundary line, but they both disregarded it so that Harry moved over
it and into his godfather's arms. The hug was strong, like being hugged
by a bear, leaving Harry breathless.

Padfoot let out a joyous laugh and then released him, holding him at
arm's length to get a better look at his godson.

"Just like Moony said alright, James' face and Lily's eyes. The papers
don't do you justice."

"Papers?" he asked, confused and more than little overwhelmed with this
sudden reunion.

"Of course. Werewolves might be a bit isolated from the rest of the
world, but we still get the news papers. You were in them for most of
November. Fenrir was so mad at Moony that you got away... Damn pervert
that he is... Uh... you probably didn't need to hear that."

No, Harry thought, he probably didn't.

"Is Moony alright? Greyback didn't hurt him, did he?"

"More than he already was? No. The dumb beast might be leader of the
pack, but he knows better than to go messing with what's mine.
Especially not without Lord Moldy-wart still holding his leash."

Harry blinked owlishly at his Godfather's total lack of respect for his
alpha and the leader of the wizarding wolrd. Fenrir might have been a
real son-of-a-bitch (no pun intended), but Harry knew very well that no
werewolf would insult an alpha unless they were one too. And no one
insulted Voldemort... period.

"But enough talk of unpleasant people, we'd do much better talking about
ourselves," Sirius continued, moving Harry to sit on a fallen log before
joining him. "So how on Earth did you find this place?"

"I didn't. I just wanted a job for the summer. I had no idea I'd be
helping to ward werewolf territory..." Suddenly, the boy looked rather
vexed. "They said this was an animal sanctuary."

Sirius mirrored his expression and pulled off something much more
intimidating. "Well, I'm sure that the description was accurate enough
to them."

They each glowered at their internal musing, until they muttered out
simultatneously, "Bastards."

They both laughed, and quickly fell into conversation as if they had
known each other for years. Sirius' description of Hogwarts,
particularly the Hogwarts that he and James experienced, was very
different from how Remus' description. For one thing, Sirius and his
father seemed rather like Fred and George, and wasn't that a scary
thought? His description of an adolescent Snape were funny at times and
rather offensive at others, and he sensed a lot of bad blood between
them.

Sirius was delighted to hear that he'd help win the Quidditch Cup,
rather amused when he described his Slytherin friends, and down right
disturbed to learn Voldemort personally gave him an owl.

"I'd have her tested for spells as soon as possible," he said. "She
might have reconnaissance spells on her."

Harry had thought of that already, but as the only thing he had been
sending were simple letters to his friends he hadn't worried about it.
It wasn't like he was plotting to overthrow the government or anything.

"You know," Harry said between a lull in their conversation, "Moony said
it was so unlikely that we'd ever meet again, that if we did, it would
have to be due to fate. Do you suppose that's true? That we were fated
to meet again?"

Sirius seemed to consider.

"I used to think that Prongs and I meeting was fate," he said finally,
"If it weren't for him, I know I would have turned out as Dark as the
rest of my family. Moony too. Who knows what would have happened to him
without us there? So yes, I don't think it unreasonable that us
reuniting would be fated too."

"...Do you think Fate would mind letting us borrow one of her owls? I'd
rather like to keep in contact this time around."

Sirius snorted.

"No, owls wouldn't be a good idea. To conspicuous and easy to tamper
with. Don't you worry about it Prongslet. Me and Moony will figure
something out. We're still the Marauders after all. Here, give me
something of yours."

Harry didn't have much on him that he could give up without being
noticed. His watch was absolutely out of the question, so they settled
on one of his socks.

"And this I'll give to you," the werewolf said, handing him his claw and
tooth necklace. Harry thought it much too nice, but Sirius waved it off.
"I can make a dozen or more in a week. And you're not getting my pants.
I'm fond of this pair. Ok, now we each have focus for a location spell.
Now when you get back I want you to hide it somewhere you don't store
anything that belongs to you. It's important that it never absorb your
or anyone else's magical signature or the spell won't work."

Harry grinned, feeling a rush of happiness, sharing a secret with
someone he *wanted* to have a secret with. Sirius was his family, and
these desperate measures were his way of saying he wanted to keep it
that way just like Harry did.

Their time together was cut short by a burning sensation coming from his
pocket.

"Ouch... dammit!" Harry cursed, pulling the hot watch from his pocket by
the chain. It popped open on its own to reveal the time to him. "I'm
late. They'll start looking for me soon."

They shared a disappointed look, but Harry managed to smile.

"I didn't get very far today. I'll tell them I tripped and lost some of
my posts, and fell behind looking for them. I should be back tomorrow."

Sirius managed to grin as well.

"I think Moony and I should be able to get away for the day. You know,
go out to make sure you interlopers haven't been fiddling with the
boundary lines and all."

"Naturally," Harry agreed, climbing off the log and walking back towards
the boundary. He stood on the other side, and turned back to wave his
Godfather goodbye, but the man was already gone.

---

"Not that I'm complaining," Sirius began, sticking one of the posts in
the ground. "But why did you pick such a boring job? Why are you working
at all for that matter?"

"I get to travel around and stay outdoors. As for why...student debt,"
Harry said simply. "And a little extra spending money is always good. It
would be nice to get Hermione something for her birthday for once.
*Cambia.*"

The post sprouted up, full sized .

"Well, I hope she's cute," Sirius muttered, setting another tiny post.

"Sirius, don't be a wretch," Remus scolded, setting down a post of his
own. "This was very mature of him."

"I *know*," the darker werewolf lamented. Harry giggled at their antics.
It was only the third day of working on the fence, and Sirius and Remus
had both come to visit for the last two. He got a pretty good idea of
their personalities. Sirius seemed to be an overgrown teenager most of
the time, taking very little seriously and always finding mischief where
he could. Yet whenever Fenrir Greyback or Voldemort were mentioned he
would become grave and rather scary, his powerful, scarred body tensing
with unspoken (and occasionally spoken) hatred. He also lived up to
lupine blood, running about only half clothes and perfectly at ease in
the forest. He'd even seen him eat a grasshopper without a second
thought once.

Remus was his opposite, but complimentary half. He was playful to an
extent, but more mature and thoughtful. He didn't seem to hold any
particular hatred for Greyback, perhaps he was even strangely fond of
him in a weird werewolfy way and mentions of Voldemort just left him
depressed and a little fearful. No one would have expected him to be
anything other than a wizard, he was so normal. He was probably the only
reason Sirius wasn't running around naked and eating rabbits raw.

"Just the same, he shouldn't have to be doing this," growled Sirius,
"The Potter vaults should still be intact. As long as there's a Potter
heir, that snake-tongued bastard and his little toadies shouldn't be
able to get to it."

"*Cambia*. I have money?" Harry asked, looking at them both curiously.
The two shared a look.

"Yes," Sirius said, his lips twisting. "You have quite a lot, actually."

"But don't expect to have access to it any time soon." Remus threw his
friend a reprimanding glare. "If no one has told you about your parents,
it's because they were hoping you'd never find out. If you confront
someone about having access to your vault, they'll just tie it all up in
legalities for years. It's a common problem with families who lost their
patriarchs fighting for the Light during the war."

"Yeah," Sirius grumbled. "I don't have access to my vault supposedly
because I'm a *werewolf*. That's a load of dragon shit. The goblins
would let me in and out of the Black family vault if I showed up, but
those damn Death Eaters pigeon-holed me here. I could have done a lot of
good for the pack with that money. Probably still could if I could get a
bloody lawyer."

Remus gently patted Sirius on the shoulder, but the other just glowered
off into the distance. Harry on the other hand had remembered something.

"I know a lawyer," he said.

Sirius was startled out of his glum thoughts, and looked curiously at
his godson.

"How do you know a lawyer?"

"His partner wanted to adopt me last year," he said, looking a bit
embarrassed as he remembered that day. "I still have his card. I could
write a letter and ask for some advice for you. Perhaps he can get me
into my vaults as well."

Sirius looked like he was considering, but Remus shook his head.

"No, you don't want to start a conflict with the government right now,
Harry. Especially when you're still a ward of a government institution.
They could assign you a guardian, and that guardian would have full
access to your vaults until you were of the age of majority. They'd be
free to 'donate' as much of it as they wanted to whatever cause they saw
fit."

"But what about you and Sirius?"

This time his godfather seemed to find the problem. "If you found us a
lawyer, someone might investigate and find out about us cavorting out
here, and then we'd all be in a lot of trouble. We've been officially
warned off contact with minors. I imagine you've been given similar
orders regarding werewolves."

Harry nodded sadly, knowing they were both right. But then he managed a
smile.

"But when I'm seventeen... I'll be an adult. I can hire a lawyer then
and visit you openly at the trading posts when ever I want. That's
only... five years and a couple months away."

This time both werewolf's considered longer. Sirius just shrugged and
ruffled Harry's hair.

"You're a delightful little scamp, you know that? Let's just see what
happens over the next couple years. Five years might not sound like a
lot of time now, but believe me a lot can happen."

---

On the fifth day it rained, and Harry wasn't able to make it to the
meeting point until almost two hours later than usual. It made him
irritable and anxious, and the few co-workers foolish enough to remark
on it to him, were met with dirtiest looks ever seen in a pre-teen. With
a charm to water-proof his cloak, he was finally allowed to go.

He jogged the entire way, tripping occasionally in the slick mud, until
he finally reached the end of the line of posts. Pausing, he looked
around for his godfather and friend.

"Padfoot? Moony?" he called out when he couldn't immediately spot either
of them.

There was no response. Miserably, he wondered if they'd been waiting in
the rain and finally got fed up enough to leave. Were they as irritated
with him as he was with his boss? He sighed heavily, and got to work
setting posts. He couldn't ignore his responsibility, and perhaps when
the rain stopped they would come back and he could apologize.

It didn't take him long to feel something was amiss. It wasn't quite
like when Sirius had first appeared. The silence now could easily be
attributed to the rain, but that eerie feeling he felt could not. He saw
nothing, but he *felt* something. He felt like he was being watched.

"Padfoot? Moony?" he tried again. "If this is you getting back at me for
being late, it wasn't my fault. The foreman wouldn't let be come until
the rain let up a bit. Guys?"

Around him the forest was wet, shiny, and empty. Harry tightened his
cloak around his shoulders and listened. He only heard the rain and his
own breathing, but he *knew* he wasn't alone. His eyes fell to the
forest beyond the boundary, searching the for the eyes he could feel on
him. Again there was no one, but this time something white caught his
attention.

It was a necklace. Made of teeth and bone and raven feathers.

Just like the ones Sirius wore.

He moved towards it instinctively, but then stopped abruptly at the
border line. It was suddenly very clear to him that he didn't appear to
have Sirius or Remus to protect him in that forbidden territory, and
without them it felt... well... *forbidden*. But he still wanted to
investigate.

"*Wingardium leviosa*necklace!" he summoned, swinging his wand about as
he had been taught just last semester. The necklace rose obediently, but
when it started to move towards him is appeared to get snagged.
Confused, Harry repeated the spell, using more force. The necklace
lurched forward, snapping the tether it had been bound to. A resounding
*snap* echoed through the wood, and the trap beneath the necklace was
suddenly released; a mass of netted canvass camouflaged with dirt and
leaves.

Dumbly, Harry looked up at the contraption.

"Well, damn," he heard, and spun around to stare to his left at a man
who was also looking at the contraption, although with a bit more
contempt. "I forgot they taught that spell in first year."

This stranger was a werewolf, but not like Remus or Sirius. He was tall
and wiry, and he kept his reddish-brown eyes wide and unblinking. He
reminded Harry of a jackal. The stranger shook his head at the
ill-planed trap and over at Harry, leering wickedly.

"Oh, well. There's still the old-fashioned way."

And then he was surrounded. Five people, four males and a female, formed
a loose circle around him. They were dressed like Sirius, or even more
scantily, and looked even more savage with ropes and knives in their
hands rather than wands.

He bolted, breaking for the largest gap in their ranks, but that was
their intention from the beginning. No sooner than he'd broken through
their ranks than yet another werewolf sprung, seeming from the earth
itself.

This one was the largest by far and even more scarred than Sirius. His
hair was grayish and cropped short, the beginnings of a peppered beard
at his chin and side burns. He seized Harry by the arms, inhuman claws
digging into the fabric of his cloak and eyes like the wolf on the full
moon.

Harry froze, too shocked, too frightened perhaps, to move. It was
amazing he simply hadn't fallen over dead.

"Ah, and here we have it lads," Fenrir practically purred, "Blackbone's
pup."

Blackbone was Sirius' pack name, Harry knew. But how had they found out
about their connection? How had they known he was even here? Where were
Sirius and Remus?

The alpha werewolf eyed him critically, and he could only stare back
dumbly.

"You're a bit skinnier than I'd thought you'd be. But I bet you're fast.
Let's find out."

Fenrir threw Harry away from him, towards the border. The boy kept his
balance and *ran*, but fear hadn't taken all his senses yet and he
curved *away* from the borderline. Harry was fast for his age, always
had been, but the werewolves were just plain fast. They had surrounded
him again within seconds. One of them lunged for him, but Harry managed
to dodge him and spun around with his wand waving.

"*Colpo vento!*"

A sudden, intense wind caught the unbalanced wolf, knocking him into one
of his pack mates. Harry was ready with another spell, but another
attack smashed into his side. He was thrown into a puddle of mud, and
held there by a heavier body. He struggled blindly, unable to breath,
until he was jerked on to his back and held there. Above him, the female
werewolf looked down at him, her brown eyes pitying. The other wolves
crowded round. The jackal-like one retrieved his wand from the muck,
grinning wickedly down at him with the rest.

Fenrir crouched down directly over his face, looking smug.

"You *are* fast. Nimble too, with a little bit'o bite to ya. I like
that. I guess we'll keep you."

Lovely.

"You -you didn't catch me on *your*territory," he tried weakly.

"Perhaps, but who other than you knows that?" the alpha chuckled, but
then sobered. "You've been play'in a dangerous game, pup. You 'ave none
to blame for this but yourself."

Fenrir looked to the female restraining him. "Bring him, Athena, before
someone comes looking for him."

As one, the pack stood and turned back towards their land, Athena
dragging Harry with them. For all the pity in her eyes, there was none
in her grip, but he struggled as much as he could anyway. He dug his
heels. He flailed about. He called for help. He snarled and clawed, and
kicked, and if he weren't afraid of infection he would have bitten too.

She merely growled and tightened her hold, until Harry thought his arm
would break.

And then he started to cry. In pain. In fear. In sorrow for those he'd
leave behind.

The she-wolf hesitated, adjusting her hold, so that her arm rested
around his small shoulders and held him close to her body. He was wet
and very cold, but her skin felt hot against his cheek.

"Hush," she said, "Don't be afraid."

But he was afraid, and he continued to sob quietly.

"Please let me go."

"No."

She pulled him forward again, and they now stood in Fenrir's territory.
The alpha led the way, the jackal walking beside him as they talked
quietly. Frequently the two werewolves looked back at Harry. The other
werewolves dispersed into a haphazard ring around them, flitting in and
out of sight, but never truly gone. They walked for almost half an hour
before Harry was calm enough to speak again.

"Where's Siri- I mean... Blackbone and Slivermoon?" he asked quietly.

Athena looked to her alpha, but he didn't appear to have heard him.

"...They are being punished for their treachery as we speak."

Harry's eyes widen. Sensing his alarm, she tried to pacify him.

"Do not worry about them. Blackbone is very strong and Slivermoon has a
temperament suited for hardship. The Goddess Moon ascends in only a few
days, and all will be forgiven. She will heal their bodies and their
hearts, and embrace you as another of her children then."

As romantic as she made it sound, Harry was under no illusion about what
would happen. There would be blood and pain. Death on one side of the
knife and a curse on the other. Either way, Sirius and Remus would never
forgive themselves even if the Goddess Moon and Greyback did. He asked
nothing else, but followed along meekly.

Outwardly, he appeared sad and submissive. Inwardly, he was frantically
looking for the first opportunity to escape. As long as Athena held him
so closely, he knew it would be impossible, but if he could just get her
to let go of him...

Half an hour later he could feel his window of opportunity closing. He
couldn't let them reach their settlement with him. Lycanthropy was a
method of punishment, and as such it followed certain protocols. He
remembered Hermione lecturing him about it during the summer before.
Once a witch or wizard was handed over to the werewolves, they would
immediately be taken to their settlement, stripped naked of all their
possessions, and confined to a cave or hut to await the next full moon.
The rituals held during and afterward were sacred and therefore secret
to all but other lycanthrope.

Harry wasn't worried about the rituals just yet. There was still the
possibility of escape.

He just had to keep them from stripping him...

"Little one," Athena said, eyeing him worriedly. "You're shaking. Are
you cold?"

Fenrir paused, turning an irritated look back at them both.

"Hurry it up. He can warm up when we get there."

She averted her eyes under his scowl, but the look she gave him when his
back turned was twice as mean. She rubbed Harry's arms as if to warm
him, and urged him to hurry.

They came to a ridge over which a creek, fat with the morning rain, fell
into a shallow pool some fifty feet below them. The only means to cross
over the creek was a large tree, which appeared to have been cut down
for that purpose. One by one the pack emerged from the forest, jogging
across the makeshift bridge before disappearing again, until only
Fenrir, the jackal, Athena, and Harry remained.

"I'll go first," Fenrir said to his subordinates, "Send the boy over
after me. Athena, you'll follow behind. Grindel bring up the rear. And
don't think of trying to swim away, pup. If the waterfall doesn't kill
you, I sure as hell will."

Harry flinched and looked away, keeping up the appearance of submission.
They all moved to follow the alpha's command, but the moment Athena
released him, Harry jumped into the creek. He heard her cry of alarm,
followed by Fenrir's cursing, and then he was underwater.

It was cold, and having already been cold to begin with, it felt almost
unbearable. With blind, trembling fingers he tore at his cloak, letting
the increasingly rapid current carry it away. He struggled to the
surface, swallowing air, before he was dragged under again.

And then he was falling instead of drowning.

With the shallow pool rushing up to splatter him and only a few seconds
to save himself, he fumbled at the tie around his neck, following the
leather string to the little wooden stick, and taking it in both hands-

*Snap!*

---

Harry landed in the mud. That was probably a good thing, otherwise he
might have broken something. But Harry was unable to appreciate that
fact at the moment. All he was able to appreciate was that he wasn't
dead and he had escaped.

Barely.

Miraculously.

In either hand was half of the emergency portkey. Too weak to carry more
than one person and only usable once, he had been forced to wait until
no one was attached to him to activate it. So he was alive. He had
escaped.

He thought he should be happier. Relieved at least.

But all he felt was cold.