# The Fae

Harry swayed, dizzy, but kept to his feet and kept walking. His satchel hung
weightless at his side, his small collection of wands tucked into either boot.
Stephen had given them back to him without a word as he proceeded to move his
family's belongings from the trunk of his car to the car he was in the process
of stealing. Harry felt bad about that, but thought he might feel worse if the
family was caught because they were stuck in their current rust bucket.

He had left them still loading the car, simply wandering away while they were
distracted with their work. There was no point in saying goodbye, and frankly
he didn't want to risk a confrontation with Stephen, who may still be
reluctant to let him go. Probably the only thing stopping the man so far was
Harry's newest wand and the evidence that he was both proficient and quick
with using it.

The rain hadn't stopped, merely slowed to a drizzle, and off in the distance
he could make out the lightening traveling south with the storm. It was a good
time to travel. The air was cool with the rain, and his black cloak provided
both warmth and concealment in the night. He just had to be wary of cars
traveling a little too close to the side of the road, and he would be fine.

Well, perhaps he had to be wary of Aurors wandering a little too close as
well.

He was practically buzzing with energy after the confrontation with the men in
the hotel, senses on edge, even as his body fought its own physical fatigue.
How far could he get like this? It was too late… early in the morning for
buses to be running, and he had no idea where the nearest stop one was
located. He might get a ride from a passerby if he were lucky, but with his
luck he'd probably end up hitching a ride with a vampire.

He couldn't have made it half a mile when headlights coming up behind him drew
his attention. He tensed, and tensed further as the vehicle began to slow
down. Weird luck, he groaned mentally, when he realized it was Stephen and
family in their newly acquired vehicle. The man rolled up beside him, but
Harry kept walking, forcing him to follow along at a crawl.

"Hey, get in," Stephen said, sticking his head out the window. Harry just
glowered at him, and kept walking. "Come on, we're in the same boat, you might
as well come with us."

Harry snorted.

"Harry, please," Sylvia said, rolling down her own window to speak directly.
"It won't take long for those men to wake up and report to their superiors.
Aurors are going to swarm this area, and you don't want to be anywhere near
here when it happens. Please, get in the car."

He glared at the both of them. "I'm not an idiot! I know all of that. But I
also know hitching a ride with people who are going to trying to sell me to
the highest bidder is an equally stupid idea!"

"Ha-"

"And stop using my name like we're friends!" he snapped. "I didn't save you
because we're friends!"

There was a moment of tense silence. Sylvia hung her head, shame faced, while
Stephen proceeded to simply stare at him in his usual unreadable stare. In the
back seat of the car, the children stared at him with wide, frightened eyes.
Harry just kept walking, eyes on the road, and his wand clenched in his fist.
Finally, the alpha broke the silence.

"Then why did you save us?"

"I did it just for your kids, got it? I hate people who hurt kids!"

This was perfectly true, but not the entire truth of the situation. He did
hate people who hurt kids, but the situation was a bit more complicated. The
fact was, he understood why Stephen and Sylvia had kidnapped him. They wanted
something better for their children. A life Harry was beginning to understand
they couldn't get in Germany. So he had saved them, and given them a second
chance. But he wasn't going to pay for their chance at happiness with his
blood. They'd just have to get creative.

Stephen heaved an irritated sigh. "You really are a fucking prince."

"You're fucking welcome!"

"What do you want? An apology?"

"I want you to go away! Go find someone else to kidnap."

"Will you just get in the car? What do you think we could do against you when
you've got…*that *anyway?" And by *that*, Harry assumed he meant his wand. He
had a good point there. "The law is going to be here in a few minutes, and
none of us can afford to stick around here. So get your sassy ass in the car
before we all get blown to bits!"

Well, shit, he was right. He couldn't afford to be picky with his rides, and
right now they were the lesser of two evils. Escaping them would be a lot
easier than escaping Aurors, if it came down to that.

"Fine, but I'm sitting up front."

"No w-"

"Honey," Sylvia interject, her own patience finding its limit. "Don't make a
mountain out of a mole hill."

Harry stopped walking, allowing them to stop the car so she could climb in
back, and he could climb in front. He had barely closed the door, when Stephen
put his foot to the gas and sped away with a screech of tires. Harry quickly
fastened his seat belt.

For half an hour, no one said anything. Luckily, their new car was nicer than
their old, with roomier seats and working appliances. The digital clock glowed
2:35 am. In the rearview mirror, he could see the children snuggling up to
their mother as best they could in their seat belts, except for Noah who was
curled up on the floor around her feet.

"Where are you going exactly?" Harry finally, quietly.

"If you're not going to accompany us all the way, it's better I not tell you,"
Stephen said bluntly, not looking away from the road. The boy fought back his
annoyance. The situation called for civility, even if it had to be faked.

"We're not going north."

"There's nothing north. The ports are all closed due to the storms. Besides,
the Aurors will know that's the direction we were headed. We'll head back
south along the less busy highways until we can find a place to lay low for a
while."

"… Why did you even come to get me?"

"It wasn't gratitude," Stephen sneered.

"I didn't say it was," Harry sneered right back.

"Hn. It's safer to travel with a wizard on our side. Sylvia knows a little
magic, but not much. Nothing like you. So you get a ride and we get a little
more protection. Everyone wins."

Everyone wins, Harry thought glumly, if by some miracle I can keep you from
betraying me.

---

Snape had wanted a distraction, but he wasn't entirely sure if he wanted one
this badly. As much as he disliked fiddling around with other people's free
will (with a few exceptions), he didn't like wandering around London in the
middle of the night much better. It was actually a newer city by wizarding
standards, having been developed after muggles had settled there rather than
at the same time, and as a result the city was… dirty. Not as bad as the
muggle part of the city, but still dirty and cramped and decidedly slipshod in
several districts. Oh sure, the Court Offices were all magnificent, along with
the art and theatre districts, and a few high end residential areas, but for
the most part it was kind of grimy.

It wasn't as noticeable in the day time, when all the wizarding folk were
about in their colorful attire and the stalls for produce and flower sales
were open, but at night the garbage littered the streets and rats ran freely
trying to snatch it up before morning cleaners came through and magicked away
as much of it as they could. The buildings were blacked and crumbling from
acid rain, byproducts of living so close to muggles. Their own cultural
assertion that old was somehow better than new, and their subsequent refusal
to tear down or replace anything didn't help matters.

At least he didn't have to worry about muggers. It was a bit early in the
morning for any to still be out and about, and none would dare attack a man as
well dressed as him. After Voldemort's regime, any sort of crime you were
convicted of with high recidivism earned you a one way trip to Azkaban or the
werewolf colonies. Arson, rape, thievery, and the selling of contraband were
the most common of these crimes. It was still around, but the perpetrators
kept to their slums, where they could act out their brutality and self
destruction on one another and no one gave a damn.

The neighborhood he currently found himself in wasn't particularly nice, but
it was well out of the slums. Mostly tiny apartments and shops that catered to
the nearby university students and faculty. Here he could see a few windows
still glowing as some desperate student crammed for their next exam or abused
the vitality of their youth with some other arbitrary excuse to dismiss sleep.

Not that Snape was in any position to criticize them. He should have been
asleep hours ago. Hunting down an address when the Court offices were closed
(it was still Sunday when Hermione arrived on his door step) was not easy.
Hunting down an address when the Court offices were closed and *not* calling
Lucius in for a favor was damn near impossible.

He had made the effort though. Horace McGunny had some role in the Durmstrang
students escape, and he suspected the boy also played a role in Harry's
abduct… escape as well. By all accounts, he could have just taken what he
learned directly to Morgan or even Lucius and had the boy arrested and
interrogated, but he wanted to hear the truth himself and judge whether the
boy's crime was worth destroying his life and possibly harming his goddaughter
over. For all he knew, McGunny had been helping Harry per his request, and
Snape didn't see any reason to ruin the Ravenclaw because of his former ward's
selfishness.

The more he thought about it the more it seemed likely McGunny had helped
Viktor in some sort of attempt to help Harry, not Germany. McGunny had a
fondness for Harry, which was hardly uncommon in the last few years, and was
very astute. He may have realized something was wrong when Snape himself had
not, and gone out of his way to remedy it. The risk seemed awfully high for
someone as conservative as McGunny, but then Snape didn't know him all that
well. He would find out soon enough.

The Newt Hill Tavern stood in the middle of the block, made completely
inconspicuous by the four other apartment 'taverns' that surrounded it. The
entrance was not locked. There was a registry in the entryway next to the mail
slots, and he ran his finger down the list until he found Horace McGunny's
neatly scrawled name at the very bottom. Mentally, he groaned. Of course, he
would be on the *top* floor. The building had no elevator.

Maybe McGunny did deserve to be thrown to the Sentinels after all.

Nevertheless, he found the stairs and followed it all the way to the top
floor. There was only one room, and Snape was a bit curious to see light was
still shining out from the bottom of the door. From inside he could hear a
soft, rhythmic tapping.

He knocked sharply on the door.

The tapping sound stopped. There was a moment of silence.

"Just a second," came a muffled voice, and a moment later the door opened
cautiously.

Horace McGunny stared out at him, tired and suspicious. He looked older than
Snape remembered, paler too, but that could have just been fatigue. His
clothes were rumpled and his eyes were darkly circled.

"Professor? What are you doing here? Especially at… whatever time it is right
now."

"Can I come in for a moment?"

"Listen, I'm really busy. I've got a transcript due tomorrow, and this is a
new job, so I really-"

"It's about Mr. Potter."

McGunny's tired eyes suddenly became more alert.

"Is he alright?"

"As far as I know… maybe. Can I come in?"

This time McGunny moved away from the door. The apartment was small, only one
room it seemed, and despite only having a bed, desk, chest, and small shelf it
felt cramped. On the desk sat a type writer, the likely source of the tapping
noise. There was no where he would deign to sit.

"Not to be rude, but why are you here, sir?"

"Like I said, it's regarding Mr. Potter. I needed to ask you something."

McGunny sat on his bed, across the room from him, and waited.

"Did you obliviate Hermione Granger the day the Durmstrang students escaped
with Mr. Potter?"

The boy tensed, his entire continence frozen into an expression of surprise.

"I… what? No. What are you talking about?"

"Actually, that wasn't really the question. I already know you did that. What
I want to know is why. Did Mr. Potter ask you to do it or did you do it of
your own volition?"

"I don't even know what you're talking about. How would I have… obliterated…
oblibitated… whatever Granger? She wasn't even there that day. What does this
even have to do with Harry's abduction?"

Snape's expression didn't change.

"Did you do it yourself did someone help you? Perhaps you got Oblitz. He
probably knows about Obliviation."

McGunny scowled at him. "I don't care for what you are insinuating, Professor.
I think you better go."

"Yes, you're probably right," Snape conceded. "But not without my answers.
*Legilimens!*"

He caught McGunny off guard, as was his intention. The subject they had been
talking about was now at the fore front of the Ravenclaw's mind, and he sifted
through it quickly. His interruption of Krum and Hermione's argument, the
sleep spell he cast on her, the run to the tower, and his return to obliviate
his goddaughter.

And then things got very, very weird.

McGunny started to talk to himself… and someone who didn't sound like McGunny
was talking back. Schizophrenia?

Snape didn't have long to theorize on it, because he was very quickly and very
violently thrown out of the Ravenclaw's head.

"*Oprimmo!*" McGunny snarled, slashing his wand out at him. Reeling from the
mental expulsion, Snape didn't dodge quite fast enough. His left hand caught
the Crushing Hex, and pain seared through him as he felt the bones in his
fingers and hand fracture.

"*Sectumsempra!*"

McGunny rolled off the bed, which exploded into a flurry of feathers. The
Ravenclaw landed on the floor, and found himself staring directly at the
potions master. The man's black eyes burned with the agony of his broken hand
and rage was quickly rising to the surface.

On his end, Snape noted clinically that one of McGunny's eyes had turned red.
He didn't analyze it, merely flung out his wand again.

"*Incendio*."

"*Obsideo,*" McGunny said, blocking the Fire Curse, then grinned nastily at
him. "Don't you think you're getting a little carried away? *Codicarius!*"

Snape only partially avoided the curse as he leapt to his feet. The wood of
the floor boards had already started sprouting roots, ensnaring part of his
robe, so that when he pulled away, it tore away his sleeve with it. He
considered himself lucky. That particular curse could have resulted in roots
growing straight into his body and torn him to pieces. It was a very obscure
curse. Where had McGunny discovered it?

"*Celoxis!*" the young wizard shouted, before he could get off another curse
of his own. Snape didn't recognize it, which made his attempt to block it as
futile as any attempt he may have made to dodge it in the tiny room. It cut
through his shield as if though it were nothing, and caught him in the gut.

There was a moment of stunned silence. Snape slowly looked down to see the
front part of his robe fall to the floor, cleanly cut. The pale skin of his
stomach shown completely untouched, but slowly he started to feel something
happening *inside* his body… something that was quickly turning to agony.

He fell backwards, landing heavily on his back, and further jarring his
damaged insides. He screamed, unable to hold it back. Oh fuck, oh fuck… what
is that?

"Do you like it? It's one of my own creations. It leaves the skin intact, but
inside… inside it rips you to pieces."

McGunny was the one who said it, but it wasn't McGunny's voice. Struggling
against the pain, he looked up at him and could now see both of his eyes were
brilliant red, and his smile was monstrous. Casually, the monster walked
towards him, sticking his thumb in his pockets, confident in his victory.

"What…" Snape let out a grunt of pain, "… are you?"

The grin grew larger and nastier.

"I'm Lord-"

"*Sectumsempra!*"

As close as they were, the curse couldn't be blocked effectively, but McGunny
instinctively throwing up his arms saved him from being killed instantly, and
it knocked him clear across the room in a spray of blood.

Snape didn't wait to see how effective his attack had been. He was dying
quickly, and needed to save himself before he could worry about destroying his
enemy. Closing his eyes tightly, trying to gather his concentration around the
pain, he thought of exactly where he needed to go and all of the parts of
himself he definitely wanted taken with him.

There was a loud 'pop' as he apparated away.

At the other end of the room, lying halfway in the bathroom, McGunny lay
stunned as his blood began to pool around him.

"Oh God," he gasped, "Oh God, oh God, oh God…"

*Shut up! *Tom snapped. *Get a hold of yourself.*

"I'm bleeding… I'm bleeding to death," he gasped.

*You will if you just lay there. Get up and get to a hospital. It's easy enough to fix.*

"I can't… I can't move… I can't…"

He was quickly slipping into shock. Snape's spell had cut deep into both his
arms, severing veins and arteries alike, and perhaps taking some of his bone
as well. He couldn't feel the pain, but he knew he should be in agony and the
amount of blood that was pouring over his clothes and onto the floor told a
story of eminent death.

"This is all your fault," he said, his voice shaky with fear and anger. "If I
die… I'm dragging you to hell with me…"

*I won't let you die. I still have plans for you.*

There was a loud banging at the door, startling them both. "Mr. McGunny! Mr.
McGunny, are you alright? Mr. McGunny?"

Relief washed over him. He may yet live.

"Help…"

---

St. Mungo's saw its fair share of emergencies at four o'clock in the morning.
Admittedly, it was usually during weekends and holidays and involved the over
indulgence of alcohol and most of them came through the front door with the
assistance of Paramedi-wizards and witches.

Tonight, however, Professor Severus Snape apparated himself straight into the
lobby, and from the floor, proceeded to instruct the medi-witches and wizards
that came to his aid in exactly what potions he required and in what dosage
and order… then proceeded to wail in agony out as they moved him into the
nearest vacant room to do just as he said.

---

Dumbledore's wake up call was unfortunately early. The news Fredric brought
him about Harry's most recent sighting was even more unfortunate. Listening to
Fredric's account of his debriefing and the latest assumption that Harry
Potter was now infected with Lycanthrosis and running north with werewolves,
Dumbledore was beginning to think he may have gotten in over his head with his
latest project.

---

Breakfast was a sausage roll and a large coffee from the gas station they next
filled up at. The morning was gray and gloomy, and according to the radio
storms across the country had caused transportation delays, although in the
south it seemed business as usual. Harry fought to stay alert as the hours
passed with nothing but the soft tones of the radio, and an endless road
stretching out before them.

He tried to make plans for himself for when he left them, but he could see no
future for himself. Where could he go that no one would follow? Safety existed
only in anonymity and anonymity could only be found by abandoning the past,
but without a past how could he decide his future?

"Hey…" he said, "What kind of life do you want?"

"What are you talking about?" Stephen said blandly. He too was tired, but he
was a stubborn man, and refused to relinquish the wheel to his wife for a few
hours.

"I'm curious. What kind of life did you think you could get for selling me?"

"Shit, could you make that sound a little less perverted? Why the hell do you
want to know?"

"Just curious."

"Mmm… nothing fancy. Just… a normal life. A house, a job, school for the kids,
some place I can let them run around and not worry about perverts or fanatics.
A life where no one tells us where we can live or how, or watches us like some
sort of criminals every moment of every day, where we don't have to worry
about some bastard deciding on a whim we don't deserve to live and sending
Aurors after us. Some place where everyone speaks English would be kind of
nice too."

Harry thought that very reasonable, but not really applicable to him.

"How did you become werewolves?" he found himself asking instead. "For that
matter, how did you end up in Germany? You're obviously British."

Stephen just glowered at the road, but from behind them Sylvia picked up the
tale.

"It's kind of a long story. I suppose it's really my fault. We both lived in
London, same neighborhood, same primary school, same muggle upbringing. When I
turned eight, a neighborhood kid started harassing me. Lifting my skirt and
making lewd jokes, and wouldn't leave me alone. I got scared and… sent him
away. They found him two days later curled up in a drainage pipe. He couldn't
remember how he had gotten there, but I knew I had done it. That day a man
came to me from the Ministry of Magic and told me I was witch…"

"Were you really a jerk, even back then?" Harry said, looking at Stephen, who
sent him a dirty look.

"That wasn't me, you jackass… that was my brother. My older, creep of a
brother."

"*Anyway*," she interrupted before they really went at it, "I was really
happy. I thought my life had become a fairy tale and I was going to have
adventures and magic and live happily ever after… but it wasn't like that. It
wasn't like that at all. By the time I was old enough to go to school, I
discovered the wizarding could be as nasty a place as the muggle one. I
suppose it wasn't that different in most ways. I had friends, classes I love
and hated, people who teased me because I was poor, and I worried about my
future. By the time I graduated, I decided I didn't want to be a witch
anymore. My family was all muggles, all my neighborhood friends too. Besides,
Voldemort and his Death Eaters were roaming the country, and I decided I'd
rather pretend to be a muggle than risk my life as a muggleborn. I lived with
my parents for a while after graduation, and met Stephen."

"My brother used to insist Sylvia was a witch, but no one believed him,"
Stephen said, smirking a bit as he brought up the memory. "I didn't like my
brother at all, so I ended up asking her on a date just to freak him out.
Which it did."

"How romantic."

"It was really a lot of fun," Sylvia said. "Although, Stephen didn't think so
when I told him the truth. He wouldn't talk to me for a month."

"Hn… then you wouldn't talk to me for two months after I came to my senses and
apologized."

"So you got married?" Harry prodded.

"Yeah," Stephen said. "We got married. We got jobs, and our own place. We were
broke all the time, but we got by. And then we got the Scare."

"The Scare?"

Sylvia sighed. "That's what they call it now. Just after the Dark Lord finally
destroyed the Ministry, there was a period of time called the Scare, when
everyone thought the Dark Lord would start to slaughter muggleborns and half-
breeds and anyone who sided with the Ministry. Thousands fled believing their
lives were in danger. When one of my friends from school warned me that the
Death Eaters would use Ministry records to hunt down me and my family, we
decided to flee. We spent all the money we had saved up just getting to
Germany. We didn't speak any German, so getting a job was tough. We ended up
living in the ghettos for British refugees, and I worked at a local tavern,
while Stephen found work at a muggle office as a janitor. We thought we could
make it work, just like in London, but…"

"You got bitten by a werewolf?"

"The ghettos were pretty seedy. The local werewolves started to infiltrate
them, hoping to find better living conditions because their own parts of the
city were even nastier. They'd set up cages in basements and sewers during the
transformation, and then just go about their normal lives the rest of the
time. It probably would have been fine, but sometimes someone got careless. We
were taking a walk together, the closest thing to a date we could afford back
then, and we got attacked. It went straight for me. Broke by collarbone and
dislocated by arm. I'm not too clear about what happened after that, but…"

"I killed her."

Stephen said it bluntly, his expression completely blank. The silence that
followed convinced Harry not to ask specifics.

"And that's how you got bit?"

"No. After Sylvia was treated for her wounds, we found out she was pregnant.
Our land lord kicked us out, and we ended up living on the streets. We tried
living with other werewolves, but they… we couldn't stand them. They were just
a nasty lot, and we knew eventually they'd kill us or worse, so we tried it on
our own. John was born, and I made my first mistake. I didn't take into
consideration that he would need to be kept with Sylvia during the
transformation. Eight months old, and he took a bite out of me. It was
actually a relief. I knew I'd end up dead or turned eventually, and frankly I
don't mind the werewolf stuff so much. Some of it is actually kind of fun.
It's the damn wizards that are such a pain in the ass."

Harry wondered how they had the other two children. It didn't seem likely that
they would intentionally have more kids into the situation they were in.
Unless they ended up doing…it… while they were werewolves. He supposed that
was the most logical reason. It wasn't like a werewolf would ever use a condom
in the middle of a transformation, and why the hell was he thinking about
werewolf sex lives exactly?

"So you want to live somewhere without any wizards bugging you?"

Stephen shrugged. "It would definitely be an improvement."

"Mm…" Harry thought on that, but couldn't imagine pretending to be an average
muggle for the rest of his life. It seemed sad and lonely to him, but perhaps
it was different when you had a family. It must have been for his parents to
have chosen just such a life. A quiet, feminine voice spoke up.

"What about you?" Jane asked. "What kind of life do you want?"

Harry tensed. Stephen glanced at him briefly from the corner of his eye, then
back at the road. They all seemed to want to know the answer.

"… I wonder… I guess I want pretty much the same thing, a family, friends, and
not having to worry about people trying to hurt us, but… I still want to be a
wizard. I understand why you would want to avoid magic. It's brought you a lot
of pain, but for me… I could never leave it behind forever."

"What's it like for you? To do magic?" Jane prodded.

"I don't know… it depends on the magic. Sometimes it makes me feel warm, other
times really strong or weightless, and on very rare occasions… like I can feel
the universe stretching out around me and its waiting to do exactly as I say.
It feels like…"

"God."

It was Stephen who said it, barely above a whisper. Harry turned to him, but
he was still staring out at the road. He didn't say anything further and the
car fell into silence once again.

---

Snape woke up in a tiny room, surrounded by the smell of antiseptic potions
and his godchildren's concerned faces. He was bleary from the sleeping potion
(which he had not asked for and would be throttling someone over later), but
he still managed to hold onto a vague idea of what had happened that night…
morning.

Gingerly, he prodded his side with his uninjured hand. It ached, but was
hardly the mind numbing agony of before. He lifted his injured hand to examine
it, and found it wrapped in a mitten of bandages. Someone had scribbled on top
of it, 'Do not use until 10:30 am, Tuesday.'

Well, bother.

"Uncle Severus?"

"Yes, Draco?" he said softly, his voice husky from screaming.

"Are you alright… I mean, aside from the obvious."

"Aside from the obvious, I should be fine. What day and time is it?"

"Monday," Hermione offered, "About three in the afternoon."

"How did you find me?"

"The hospital identified you through BIN*, and found Lucius listed as your
emergency contact number. They called the house, and we all came down. Lucius
had to go back to work after signing all the paperwork and Narcissa went home
to prepare a room for you. The medi-wizard said they could discharge you
tomorrow, but you'll have to take it easy for a week. What happened to you?"

Snape closed his eyes, trying to think through the haze. It took him a minute
to think how exactly he wanted to handle this.

"Did you tell anyone about our meeting?"

"We only said we went to visit you," Draco said, "And that you had to leave on
an errand and sent us home… and really it was very rude of you to just run off
without telling us what you learned. Hermione was freaking out."

"I was not freaking out!"

"You kept rambling about-"

"Children, if you would please shut up, your Uncle Severus would greatly
appreciate it."

"Sorry," they apologized in unison.

"Good. If anyone asks, I am going to tell them I went out to Knockturn Alley
to pick up some potion ingredients for a special project. I was attacked by an
unseen assailant, who I managed to fend off but not before sustaining serious
injuries. I aparated here for treatment. That's it."

They both nodded, and Hermione asked, "But what really happened? You didn't
say anything before you ran off. Did you see who knocked me unconscious? Is
that who did this to you? Oh, Severus, you're such a mess. They said you would
have died within minutes if…"

She was starting to tear up, guilt and relief rising to the surface, but tried
to fight it back. She knew it wouldn't be appreciated. Severus despised
emotional displays, sincere or otherwise. Wiping away a few stray tears, she
mumbled out a 'sorry'.

Whether it was leniency on his part or he was too tired to care, her godfather
didn't bother chastising her.

"McGunny," he said, "That Ravenclaw boy. I confront him, but… there's
something wrong with him. I don't know if he's entirely in control of
himself."

Draco and Hermione shared a look of surprise. Horace McGunny? They never would
have thought of him. The idea of him attacking Hermione was absurd enough on
its own, but attacking and nearly killing their godfather, Dueling Champion
and former Death Eater, was just plain inconceivable.

"Do you think it was the Imperius Curse?" she asked.

"No. Whatever it was, it was something more… insidious. If he is still alive,
he will need to be thoroughly examined."

Hermione's insides suddenly twisted.

"If he's…. what did you do? He isn't…"

"Dead?" he said plainly, not an ounce of remorse present in his voice. "I
don't know. The blow I gave him before I escaped was potentially lethal, but…
if I have survived, I suspect he will have managed to as well."

"What are you going to do?"

"Find him. I under estimated him last time, but that will not happen again."

He was tired, but not oblivious, so when his godchildren shared concerned
looks he caught them easily enough. It wasn't hard to figure out their
thoughts on the matter. In their selfish, loving way they didn't want him
pursue this matter further and risk his life yet again. Snape honestly didn't
want to either, but he had made a dangerous enemy last night and he couldn't
afford to let him run free. If McGunny survived, there was a chance he would
come after him on his own to determine what Snape had told others, putting
both himself and his godchildren at risk. There was also the simple fact that
McGunny had aided the Germans in Harry's abduction, and it was possible he was
aiding them still or would cause additional mischief in the future.

At this rate, he might have to tell the Dark Lord, and the consequences for
that would be dire. He had hidden some very significant facts for over six
months, and even now may have allowed a suspected traitor escape. He needed to
find the boy, find the truth, and then find a way out of this mess.

The 'old fashion' solution was the most obvious, but depending on what was
making McGunny a psychotic encyclopedia of Dark Spells that might not be the
best solution.

And frankly, it would be a pity to have to kill him. He was bright, sensible,
and competent. The world needed more people like him, and he didn't like the
idea of him increasing the ratio of stupid people to smart ones. It was high
enough without his interference.

"Get me a medi-wizard. I need him to write some prescriptions for me, and then
check out of here."

Both children opened their mouths to object, but he cut them off.

"That wasn't a suggestion. Either do it or I'll do it myself."

Draco let out an annoyed huff, but stalked out to do as he was told. Hermione
just stood there, a horrified look on her face.

"What are you going to do?"

"My dear, the answer to that isn't going to make you any happier."

---

"These tidings bode ill…" Voldemort murmured to himself, looking over the
latest report Lucius had sent him. Severus had nearly been killed the night
before. A bit of bad luck at any other time, but right now Germany was
starting to behave strangely. He would consider these events unrelated, if it
weren't for the fact that his protégé had made a brief but impressionable
appearance around the same time in Germany. According to Morgan's spies, the
boy had been found, but escaped not only his captures but the Aurors as well.
The search that followed had yet to yield results, and more importantly, the
Canis family hadn't reported in. Were they dead or merely attempting to flee
after their failure? Either way Harry was in the wind and there was no telling
when or if he would reappear.

It felt as if forces were at work protecting Harry, and that wouldn't be
surprising in the least. He had made a powerful ally in the goddess Madris,
and even know might have moved out of his sphere of influence. If the
Heirophant card was anything to go by, he would have to accept that he didn't
have as much control over Harry's destiny as he originally thought.

Ugh.

He needed to stop thinking about it. There were other things he did have
control over that he should be utilizing right now. Germany was frantically
searching for Harry, and in doing so had closed their borders, and more than
likely irritated more than a few of its neighbors. It was a prime opportunity
to write Queen Ophelia of what he had learned. She likely knew just as much if
not more than he did, but the exchange of information was as symbolic as it
was practical.

They were 'friends' now, and friends share gossip.

While he was slowly strengthening his alliance with France's queen, he could
begin his work weakening Germany's alliances with its allies. The Netherlands,
Belgium, Denmark, and Luxemburg, proud but small countries that had been held
in a financial stalemate with Germany for decades, unable to afford to break
away, yet unable to grow with the German Ministry's ever growing list of trade
restrictions and tariffs. Suggesting an open trade market with them might be
exactly what they needed to break that stalemate. He already had his people
working on several trade proposals which would be sent out by the end of the
week.

If everything went according to plan, Sweden, Finland, and Norway would open
their borders if only to remain competitive with their southern neighbors.
Spain and Portugal could go either way, but sharing a border with France made
it more likely they would follow their example. Italy was a hopeless case.
They had hated the British long before he had come to power and nothing had
improved the situation since then. Eastern Europe was if-y, but they were also
in an economic slump, meaning they had a lot of unemployed young men, which
more often than not spelled a revolution. A revolution the Dark Lord wasn't
opposed to stirring up for his own benefit.

But that was all years down the road. Right now, he needed to focus on France
and Germany, and Britain itself. He had already scheduled a press release for
Seibligg's latest blunder, informing them that Harry had runaway from them,
and that the Minister was trying to blame 'Death Eaters'. He would ask them
all to 'pray' for Harry's safe return. It would be the perfect opportunity to
gauge his protégé's current popularity, as well as the public's outrage at
Germany.

Everything was falling into place, except for Harry himself, and perhaps that
was just how it was meant to be.

---

Harry woke when the car stopped. There was a moment of terror, an instant of
knowing he was in danger and had left himself vulnerable. He started
violently, nearly dropping his wand.

The world snapped into focus. He was still in the car with the werewolves.
Stephen was still at the wheel, and Sylvia was still in back with the
children, who had switched seats at some point so that Jane was now napping on
the floor of the car.

*Stupid!* He snarled to himself. He had fallen asleep. Stephen could have snatched his wand out of his hand at any time. Why hadn't he? Had he not realized Harry was sleeping? Unlikely. The man saw everything.

"Where are we?"

The car had stopped at the side of the road. On either side of them stood
trees, old trees, thick and tall, reaching high into the air. Flowers crowded
along the roadside, whites and purples and yellows, gradually slipping into
the forest. The place gave him an odd feeling.

"About two miles from the next town," Stephen said. "You need to decide now if
you're going to stay with us for the full moon or get out there. I can't
guarantee your safety either way."

"Tonight is the full moon?"

"Yes."

"What would you have done if we made it to the port?"

"Not that it's any of your business… but our contact there was supposed to
have Wolfsbane potion."

Harry's first thought was that Stephen was too damn trusting. The 'potion'
could just as easily been poison. His second thought was that he was too damn
jaded. His third was that he didn't know what would happen if were left around
muggles during the full moon. He would be completely uninhibited. Magic would
be inevitable, and if he did it in front of anyone, things could get very bad
very quickly in many different ways. Spending the night with werewolves,
however, presented more obvious pitfalls.

Pitfalls he already had experience dealing with.

"I'll go with you."

Stephen gave him a weird look. "You're a lunatic."

"The word 'lunatic' has its root in the Latin word for 'moon', you know, so
you're absolutely correct."

"Whatever, don't come crying to me if we eat you."

They stopped at the town anyway to get some food, gas, and a map, and Harry
found out exactly where they were. The Black Forest. Arguably, the most
magical forest in the world. Nearly 4,600 sq mi of mountains and forests and
rivers that the muggles knew about, and another eight or nine thousand sq mi
that only wizarding kind did. Well, wizarding kind and the fae.

They were at the north end of the forest range, and drove for an hour on the
mountain highway, before turning off onto a dirt road. After forty-five
minutes of squeezing between the encroaching trees and being tosses about by
the rocky, uneven road, they couldn't go any further, and got out to walk for
another forty minutes. Only Harry brought supplies. The werewolves would have
no need of shelter or food once the transformation was upon them. The forest
would provide.

They had wanted to bring chains to secure themselves from running off and
tearing apart any hapless hikers or from getting separated once the sun rose,
but Harry had convinced them he could create a ward much more effective and a
lot less damaging to them. While the werewolves waited anxiously, the sky
slowly beginning to dim as it sun settled in the west, Harry walked a large
circle around their 'camp', writing runes in the air with a fiery 'Flagrante'
spell.

He had the very distinct impression that he was being watched. By what
exactly, he didn't know, but he didn't think it was anything… human. Fairies,
he thought, but couldn't be certain. If they didn't want to be seen, he
wouldn't see them. If they did want to be seen… he might be in a bit of
trouble.

He was a bit old to be spirited away, but that didn't mean they wouldn't take
advantage of him being right in the middle of their territory. The Black
Forest was notoriously dangerous due to their abundance. Handfuls of people,
wizard and muggle alike, disappeared in there without a trace every year. The
werewolves would be fine. As far as fairies were concerned, they were already
apart of their realm, and didn't bother with them.* So ten minutes before
sunset, he magicked himself a platform up in the trees, and climbed up, then
placed additional protective wards around himself.

Then it was only a matter of waiting.

---

"Mom, will you relax? I'm fine," McGunny assured his mother, who had been
bursting into tears randomly since she had arrived at his hospital room. He
understood it was her love for him that made her so upset, but it was starting
to get tiresome.

St. Hababa's was a teaching hospital not far from the university, and
therefore the first place his landlady, Mrs. Anselfeldt, had thought to take
him after finding him a bloody mess on the floor of his room. One of the
tenants was a medical student and had managed to stop the bleeding long enough
to get him there, and after that things had gone fairly smoothly as far as a
rather shaken McGunny could tell. It was his first time being critically
injured by a curse, so he had no other incident to compare it to.

They had made him swallow a lot of potions and dipped his lacerated arms into
vats of warm ooze, all of which left him numb and disoriented, but blessedly
free of pain and with more blood inside of him than out.

A Sentinel had come to question him about what appeared to be a rather nasty
assault. McGunny had told him he didn't recognize the assailant. The man had
been crazed, ranting about him owing him money, and then started tossing out
spells before finally apparating away. He said he thought it was some sort of
addict high or drunk on some sort of potion. The Sentinel hadn't believed him,
but since McGunny was the obvious victim he wasn't in a position to accuse him
of anything.

"I know, I know, it's just…" she sniffled. "When I went to your apartment to
get your clothes and wand, I saw all of that blood… It's just too horrible.
You could have died and I just can't… I just can't…"

"It's fine, mom. I'm fine. Why don't you go fire call dad and the kids, and
let them know I'm okay? They're probably worried."

"Ah, you're right. I'm being selfish making them wait. I'll be back in a few
minutes, alright?"

"No worries, I'm not going anywhere," he assured her, managing a little smile
as she walked out the door. When she was out of sight, he let his smile drop,
and climbed out of bed. He grabbed the bag she had brought with his change of
clothes, and after checking the hallway, walked away.

He didn't know if Professor Snape was dead or alive or how he had found out
about his involvement with Harry's abduction, but he couldn't risk sticking
around for another confrontation. The chances were high that someone like
Snape would have informed *someone* *else *of where he was going last night
and why.

He stepped into an empty patient room and changed into his street clothes,
then walked straight out into the lobby, passed the check-in desk, and out
into London. After that he apparated into the muggle part of the city, inside
the attic of pub he had never been in. Tom was guiding him now. This was all
Tom's fault, but that didn't change the fact he was the only one who could
save him, even if it was only to save his own incorporeal ass.

*You'll like Germany,* the evil spirit purred, *There's a lot of history there, and good food. *

"Fuck you. I may have killed my potions teacher because of you."

*Believe me when I say, he had it coming.*

"You've ruined my life."

*I'll make you a better life. It'll be fun. Harry will be there.*

"You leave him alone, you freaky pervert."

*Now you're just being childish. You always knew it could come to this. You should be thankful that you are even alive.*

As annoying as Tom was, he was right about that. He was thankful to be alive.
He would be more thankful if he knew he was going to stay that way.

---

Harry watched in child-like fascination as the Canis family began to transform
beneath him. He was too high up for a really good view, even with his improved
vision, but it was still mesmerizing to watch as smooth naked flesh turned
black with coarse hair, and bones rearranged themselves in painful snapping
sounds. It all took less than a minute, but it left an excited thrill in
Harry.

This was the first time he had been with werewolves during a transformation
since the summer ritual. He rocked himself anxiously as he watched them gather
together below him, sniffing and licking at each other in greeting.

He wanted to go down and say hello too.

As if he had heard the boy's thought, the alpha male suddenly looked up at him
and gave short, querying bark. Harry made a little whine, but didn't go down.
He wasn't afraid of the wolves, but the little creatures that were starting to
close in on his perch.

"Komm doch herunter," a wood sprite said, hanging above him from a higher
branch like bat, his stick-like fingers curled under his pointed chin. Black,
pupil-less eyes smiled down at him, and Harry fought the urge to smile back.

"You'll kidnap me," he pointed out.

The sprite shrugged. "Probably."

"I'm always getting kidnapped. It's no fun at all."

"Then they obviously ain't do'n it right."

Laughter broke out in the surrounding trees, but in the darkness of the
branches Harry was having difficulty finding the sources. Maybe it was the
trees themselves.

"Won't work, won't work," someone chirped, and a moment later another fae
appeared, a body of pheasant and the human-ish head hopped up and down at the
far end of the branch, causing his platform to pitch to the side a bit. "Too
much like the serpent king, hiss hiss, slither slither. No time for wine,
food, or women. Sounds the war drums, drums, drum, drums. All blood and no
battle makes Tom a dull boy."

More laughter through out the trees, and Harry found himself getting annoyed.
He enjoyed a good laugh or too, but these fools had the humor of drunks and
babies.

"If you're going to laugh at nothing, do it somewhere else."

More laughter this time, and it didn't stop. It dragged on for several
minutes, grating at his nerves, until at last he flung out his wand and sent
out a wind hex, shaking the trees violently. The fae hiding there let out
terrified shrieks, and a few of them even fell, although not very far. Most of
the tree dwelling fae had wings or gliders of some kind.

"Serves them right. Obnoxious little runts," a voice said in English.

Harry looked down at his side, and found a raven standing next to him.
*Inside* the ward.

"How did you get in here?" Harry asked curiously, not in the least afraid. In
fact, the higher the moon got the less concerned about the fae he was
becoming.

"I'm not a fairy. Those wards don't work on me," the raven said, his voice
deep and smooth, strange for bird known for its high and coarse calls.

"What are you then?"

The raven fluffed up its feathers and then hopped up to a higher branch so
they could stare more directly at each other.

"I'm a familiar. My name is Bobby."

That made Harry grin. "Bobby?"

"Well, technically it's Bobitimus Tarotte IV, but that comes off as a bit
pretentious, don't you think?"

"Quite. I'm Harold James Potter, but everyone calls me-"

"Harry. Yes, yes, I know about you. Everyone knows about you."

Harry tilted his head, curiously. "Who's everyone and how do they know?"

"The faery folk. The Seele Court, and the UnSeelie too. Madris' people have
been gloating about you for months. It's very annoying."

"Are you a part of the Fairy Courts?"

"No, no, didn't I already tell you? I'm a familiar, not a fairy. Very big
difference. They'd just wish they could get their hands on me."

Harry was about to ask his newest guest a few more questions, but he was
interrupted by the sound of a fiddle. As he listened, a flute of some kind
joined in, and then a drum. Dancing music. Harry's foot began to tap in
rhythm.

"What is that?"

"Wedding party," Bobby explained, "Mountain elves. You should go. A wizard
would make the party complete. They won't try and kidnap you there. It would
be rude."

"I haven't been invited," Harry said, although he was already thinking about
it. He wanted to see the other fairy folk. He had never read or heard of a
satisfying description of them. Already he could tell they had good music.

"Of course you have. Anyone who can hear the music is invited. That's why they
play it."

"Well, if that's the case." He tucked his wand into his sleeve, and proceeded
to climb down the tree. The horde of little creatures started to climb down
after him, blocking any possible attempt to return to his perch, but he wasn't
interested in it any longer. He wanted to have fun tonight.

The werewolves were waiting for him when he reached the ground. He smiled at
them. They moved forward as one, and he greeted them with his open hands,
rubbing their large furry heads behind the ears and down their backs. The fur
was coarse, just as he remembered Remus' being, yet soft in the undercoat. The
werewolf pups jumped up on their hind legs, begging for his attention. It was
a pity he didn't have more hands.

He moved forward and they followed after him or, in Stephen's case, wandered
ahead in search of potential threats. Surrounded by them, Harry could feel
their magic and their sheer physical presence, rippling against his senses,
smelling of earthy things. Moss and flowers and musk and old blood. It was a
homey, comforting smell.

They moved to the edge of the ward, and with a flick of his wrist the fiery
rune floating in the air vanished. He had no intention of leaving his friends
behind for this night. They followed the music deeper into the woods and
higher up the mountain and Harry started to sway and move his feet to the
music. Meanwhile, other fae began to gather. Not just the foolish tree
dwellers either. White fairies, wood elves, High anytas, nymphes, satyrs,
centaurs, harpies, horn gnomes, and peoples who appeared completely human, but
whom Harry could sense were not. They all moved through the trees, on feet,
wings, paws, and hooves, some dancing, some gliding, some cart wheeling,
dressed in the finest silks and gold, in furs, in leaves, in absolutely
nothing at all.

The music led them to a clearing, fairy lights floated everywhere, shining all
around them like white Christmas lights. Harry stopped for a moment to admire
it, and Bobby landed on his shoulder.

"Have fun," the raven said, "Just don't accept anything anyone offers you.
It'll make for a very long morning after."

With that, Bobby flew from his shoulder, scattering a small flock of pixies,
who chittered at him angrily. The wedding itself must have occurred earlier,
for there was nothing ritualized in the party to suggest a ceremony. The bride
and groom, mountain elves who appeared nearly human but for their glittering
white limestone skin, danced at the center, their union marked in the
extravagant brilliance of their Mithril adorned wedding attire and by the
tender joy in their eyes as they stared at one another.

Very few of the people there spoke English or even German, but somehow Harry
was able to convey everything he wanted to say in gestures and no one seemed
confused. In many ways it wasn't that different from a werewolf celebration.
Everyone danced and played, entertainers who were guests or guests who
entertained moved about the clearing, charming and surprising them with their
talents. Harry nearly busted a gut laughing as one elderly looking gnome
folded up pieces of paper, like origami, and his creations proceeded to argue
you with one another about who was best until their argument became so heated
they all burst into flames. Another creature that Harry couldn't identify,
struck up a conversation, and every time he looked away and then looked back
something about him had change. The first time, only his eyes changed color,
and Harry was certain he only imagined the difference. The next time he
suddenly had a mustache. The third his eye brows were missing. By the sixth
time, he had become a she, and Harry ran off before things got really weird.
Harry ended up playing a few tricks of his own. Setting off fireworks from his
wand and changing people clothes different colors were simple tricks, but it
amused the simpler fairies plenty.

There was food and drink, which Harry reluctantly declined, and dancing that
Harry did not. The elves seemed to find him particularly amusing, and since
many of them were blessedly shorter than him, he found plenty of partners.

The werewolves lingered around the fringes of the party, playing with other
werewolves and fairy canids and sneaking off with pieces of the food when no
one was there to stop them.

The night passed in the simple celebration of life, and for a few hours Harry
forgot about his past, his present, and his uncertain future and lived in the
moment. The beautiful, beautiful moment.

The moon settled behind the mountains before the sun rose, and as it did,
Harry felt his energy wane. He rested against a tree on the edge of the
clearing, and quietly watched the rest of the party from there. The Canis
family had found a grassy hill to curl up against, and were fast asleep by the
time their bodies reverted back to their human form, oblivious to the revelry
surrounding them. Harry too must have dozed off, because when Bobby alighted
on his shoulder yet again, the wedding party was gone and only an old crone
was left sitting across from him.

He stared at her for a long time, wondering if he were dreaming or if she were
real and the fairy party had been a dream. She was rough and brittle being,
like an old dead tree, her eyes and nose and mouth little more than knobs and
gnarls in her bark-like skin. Indeed, if he were not looking right at her he
would have mistaken her for deceased shrubbery.

"Her name is Cucuchoin Anan," Bobby told him, his voice soft and dreamlike,
adding to the uncertainty of his wakefulness. "She has a message from Madris."

Harry suddenly sat up straighter, his attention caught. When the old crone
spoke it was wheezy and barely discernable.

"Hywaa nabucuri nas ni d'hal."

He waited for her to continue, but she said nothing more, merely stood and
moved off into the trees, slower than seemed conceivable. It took her nearly
three minutes to move two feet. Harry turned a confused look to the raven, who
looked extremely amused.

"I don't suppose that made any sense to you?"

"Certainly. It's very basic crone."

Harry looked at him expectantly. Bobby just preened his feathers.

"Aren't you going to tell me what she said?"

"Aren't you going to ask?"

"I wonder if ravens taste as bad as crow," Harry muttered to himself. Bobby
just laughed, and told him.

"It's time to go home."

---

BIN stands for Blood Identification Network. Works like a muggle DNA database.
No machines involved, but a person does have to register with the Network to
be quickly identified, and then additional information can be gathered such as
medical records and emergency contact information. All Court officials and
many public service jobs require this registration and Snape is no exception.
There are other spells and potions that will identify a person using their
blood or hair, but they're less reliable or take longer.

In my universe, werewolves are technically a sort of fae. They are humans who
are physically altered by a fairy curse, and as a result become 'pagan' not by
choice but by the corruption of their spirit. Sirius told Harry that he and
Remus will never go to heaven and so became pagans in a previous chapter, and
this why.

And yes, Harry and Voldemort reunite in the next chapter.
