# Epilogue pt 1

Harry opened his eyes and immediately knew he was in a hospital. Even
without his glasses, he could make out the familiar pale blue walls he
associated with St. Mungo's and the distance echo of shoes on clean
linoleum and the squeak of gurney wheels. He blinked once, twice, and
tried to gather his thoughts, but his memories were all as vague and
dark as half forgotten nightmares.

"You're awake."

"Professor?" That single word sent him into a coughing fit, and a wave
of pain washed over him in a chain reaction. His back and his legs were
the worst, simultaneously burning and broken, and he squeezed his eyes
shut as he waited to ride out the pain.

"Do not move. You have only been out of surgery for less than an hour,"
his guardian informed him, and moved to stand at his side. "Drink this."

A straw touched his lips and he drank from it quickly and deeply. A
sickly sweet and sour liquid, not unlike over-sweetened lemonade, coated
his tongue. It did nothing to ease his incredible thirst, but the pain
dulled to something close to tolerable. Snape muttered something, and
slowly his bed bent and allowed him to sit up. Breathing immediately
became easier, but he couldn't help but grimace as he jostled his aching
body. His glasses were slipped into place.

Sitting up, he could see himself better and it wasn't a particularly
pleasing sight. His legs and feet were wrapped in white bandages, and
each lay in a silver cage and was held in place by a two dozen or so
slender rods. He shuddered as he realized those rods weren't resting on
his skin, but piercing deep into, possibly down to the very bone. Snape
caught his revolted look.

"Yes, they are quite hideous, but necessary. The surgeons had to remove
several shattered bones in your feet and ankles. Those rods are holding
everything else in the right place while they're being re-grown. They'll
remove them later today."

Harry shuddered again, wondering where those little pieces of him had
ended up. Would they give them back to him as a war memento, like
shrapnel taken out of a wound? He hoped not.

His hands were red, tender, and stiff. He flexed his fingers and found
they all worked properly, but were as sore as the rest of him. Turning
up his palms, he saw the right had been branded black, not unlike the
handprint scarring his chest. At first glance, it looked like nothing
but three parallel lines that started and stopped at different points
across his palm. He had seen something like it before though. It was a
rune, but one he didn't immediately recognize. He lifted it up to show
Snape.

"That is all that is left of the Sword of Gryffindor. It was destroyed
during the fight and left you that little farewell gift. Be certain I
will be giving you my own thoughts on the destruction of that particular
piece of Hogwarts' property when you are better," he said blandly, and
Harry had a feeling he would be up to armpits in beetle eyes before the
end of the semester.

He grieved the loss of the sword for a moment, remembering how it had
saved his life so many times in the past and served him as no other
sword possibly could. He hoped he had done it justice, but it seemed
unlikely and such an unequivocal waste.

"You were stabbed in the side as well," the professor continued,
nonchalantly. "One and one-third inches wide and three and half inches
deep. It nicked a kidney and part of your large intestines. Easy enough
to fix, but not before sepsis had taken hold. They had to completely
drain and replace your blood- not that there was much left of it in your
body *anyway*. That will throw off your magic for several weeks."

Harry fingered his side, feeling the slight tenderness through his blue
hospital gown. There would be another scar, he knew. Hopefully it would
be normal looking. He was starting to look like a giant page of doodles.

"You had several fractures in your ribs, spine, and of course your legs
and feet. They have been repaired, but will be tender for another week
or so. If you feel any sudden numbness in your extremities, that's
normal but inform someone if it persists for more than ten minutes at a
time. Inflammation around the spine can be tricky to treat."

"Yes, sir," he wheezed, and grimaced. His chest hurt, and breathing was
still difficult.

"You also have bacterial pneumonia. It is one of the few maladies modern
potions has not been able to treat effectively[^109-1]. They're giving you
some sort of muggle medicine," he explained, sneering a bit at the last
bit, then he got thoughtful. "I've heard of a few drowning curses, but
never one that fills the lungs with lake water. Can you recall the
spell?"

"No, it wasn't a spell…it was…"

…overwhelming cold, unable to breathe as water filled his lungs, the
darkness… dying… and then air and the struggle to get it inside of him,
fear, light, heat… and explosion… and pain… oh, Merlin the pain… and
dying… dying all over again…

"Potter! *Potter!*" Snape was shouting, his hands on his shoulders,
trying to anchor him, bring him back to himself, but he couldn't breath.
He was coughing and gasping, but there wasn't anything but water and the
agony in his body as he struggled against it. Snape was shouting again,
but it wasn't at him. "NURSE! NURSE! GET A MEDI-WIZARD!*"*

The potions master pulled away, but his hands were immediately replaced
by a dozen others, holding him down and pulling open his clothes and his
eye lids, gibbering at each other in something other than English.

"What 'appened?" a medi-witch asked Snape.

"I don't know. He woke up and I gave him half a bottle of Pain Relieving
potion, then started explaining what happened… then he started choking."

There was more gibberish spoken between them, a moment of hesitation,
and then they nodded. By then, Harry was starting to black out, and they
were forced to slide a small tube down his throat to get the potions
into him. They were professionals though, the best in their field, and
within less than a minute their patient started to relax and his
breathing normalized (as much as the pneumonia would allow at any rate).
Harry was once again unconscious.

Snape stared down at him, horrified. He had thought the worst was over,
that the touch and go fight for his life in the tunnels had secured
victory from death. But this had been a close call, he could feel it,
and he didn't even know why it happened.

"What happened?" he demanded, as the half dozen medi-witches and wizards
began performing the more mundane tasks of checking his vitals and
marking their records. The medi-witch who had asked him the exact same
question, led him from the room and in to the hall.

"'E panicked… it is common after a traumatic experience. 'E…" she
struggled for the right word, but seemed to settle for a more mundane
phrase, "… thought 'e could not breathe. Ze pneumonia made it worse. We
will add Calming Draught to 'is prescriptions and monitor 'im closely.
Please wait 'ere while we make sure 'e is stable."

She left him in the hallway, his thoughts reeling as he tried to process
what had happened. He shouldn't be that surprised. The experience had
been a bad one, among an endless list of bad ones, and certainly him
leaping in demanding the details the moment he was awake hadn't helped
things. Frankly, it was a stupid mistake on his part.

Dammit to hell! Could he do nothing right? Had he ever been this
incompetent, wishy-washy, sentimental fool before? Maybe, when he was
still just a schoolboy, but Merlin why did he have to choose *now* to
start it up again? Matters were spiraling out of hand, and he was making
them worse… but what could he do? He had made a decision and backed out
of it at the crucial point. What now?

He couldn't go to the Dark Lord that much was obvious. As much as he
despised the thought of Harry destroying everything that had been built,
he knew he could never consign him to the dark imagination of Lord
Voldemort. The man had done (and still did) unspeakable things to his
enemies, the overt and the perceived alike and for a *child of
prophecy*, the end could never be as simple and clean as an *Avada
Kedavra*. Even before he had changed sides, he had wanted to avoid that
fate for Harry.

The secret couldn't remain forever. The prophecy would, perhaps already
was, playing itself out and the Dark Lord would start to guess.

Then what?

Play dumb? Try and protect the boy? To what end?

He stood in the doorway of the hospital room, watching the medical staff
as they hovered over his unconscious charge. Harry looked so fragile, so
mortal and breakable. A lie, if ever there was one. Nothing and no one
could destroy the boy, not really. No one except the Dark Lord of
course.

And there lay the crux of the problem right there.

That might be his destiny.

---

Draco stormed down the halls of Hogwarts, his murderous expression
sending any in his path scurrying out of the way. He had been searching
the school for the last half hour, and with every minute lost he was
only getting angrier and angrier. How could Weasley do this to him?
Hadn't he looked after him since first year? Hadn't he offered him a leg
up on numerous occasions?

And *this* was how he thanked him? Going behind his back with his sister
and… and…

Ugh, he couldn't even think it! It was too infuriating. But Ronald
Weasley always had been an infuriating little bastard from the start.
For being a poor, practically parentless little waif living off the
charity of his foster parents, he had been unforgivably arrogant.
Weasley had snubbed his generous offers more than once, always going off
on his own, never taking anyone's advice, and he had only became worse
as he had gotten older. Frankly, he didn't understand how Hermione could
stand working with him for the paper, let alone being alone in a room
with him…

Argh! He was *thinking* about it again!

But he couldn't *not* think about it. Not after what that Sabbat girl
had said… not after she had told him under an Honesty Charm no less. The
idea of his pretty, smart, sweetly naïve little sister sneaking of to
the dungeons to… with *Ron* of all people! He couldn't stand it. The
little bastard would ruin her.

She had such a bright future ahead of her. Admittance to the finest
university in Britain, an ambitious Court career, and a marriage to a
handsome, *rich,* pureblood who would treat her like the princess she
was. It would all go to pot with a little nobody like Weasley clinging
to her, dragging her down and sullying her reputation. Merlin, if Sabbat
hadn't told him *first*, this could easily have gotten out of hand.

There was still time to salvage the situation however. He just had to
calm himself down first, and then…

He finally spotted Ron by the stairs leading up to the transfiguration
classroom, looking sour and self-absorbed. He wasn't alone either.
Hermione was walking with him, her expression sympathetic. The red head
muttered something, and she put a hand on his shoulder and that's when
Draco walked down to meet them, and promptly punched Weasley in the
face.

Hermione let out a surprised cry. Ron stumbled backwards and landed on
his back, his wand coming out instantly even as his other hand went to
his nose.

"You keep your *filthy* hands away from my sister, you third class piece
of trash," Draco snarled.

*"Draco!"* his sister snapped, too horrified and shocked to say anything
else.

Ron looked down at his hand, a trickle of blood smeared across this
fingers and then up at the Malfoy heir. Draco couldn't read his
expression. If he had been able to, he might have been able to dodge.

*"Pertundo!*"

The Punching Hex sent Draco flying backwards into a suit of armor,
knocking it over, filling the entire hall with a deafening racket.
Hermione shouted at them.

"What are you doing?! Both of you stop! Stop!"

But neither of them was listening to her. They stumbled to their feet,
Ron bleeding and Draco with a nasty bruise forming over his left eye.
They glared hatefully at each other, their wands raised. The only thing
keeping their curses from flying was Hermione standing stubbornly
between them.

"WHAT IS THE MEANING OF THIS?!"

They all turned at once to the new comer and paled. McGonagall stormed
towards them, looking more than ready to curse them both into next
Tuesday.

---

Berlin had fallen, and while that brought a grim sort of satisfaction to
the Dark Lord it did not keep him on the field of glory for a minute
longer than was necessary. He left his men to clean up the pockets of
resistance that clung to the city and secure their hold there, and made
his way back to Paris. The *Pitié-Salpêtrière Hospital* *du Sorcellerie*
loomed like a cathedral over the wizarding city. Gargoyles stalked the
roof and ledges, hunting the shadows and hidden nooks for pigeons, rats,
lethifolds and spectrecats[^109-2]. Its high arching windows and stones
blackened from centuries of accumulated soot and age cloaked the
hospital in a perpetual gloom that persisted even in the warm sunlight.

He made quite the figure, black robes torn and frayed from curses, his
handsome face splashed with blood, crimson eyes gleaming. Certainly, no
one stood in his way as he made his way up the marble stairs and
entered.

The inside was considerably cheerier than the exterior, artfully
decorated in Renaissance murals of French countryside and other neutral
subject matter. He made a cursory glance around the main lobby, but
there was nothing to threaten him here. He kept his wand in his hand,
however. He had been in battle for hours, and while this wasn't the
first time, he would not feel comfortable relinquishing his wand until
he was certain he was alone.

"Sir! Are you alright?!" a terrified young nurse at the reception desk
asked in French. "How have you been injured? I'll call a medi-wi-"

"No," he snapped impatiently, cutting her off. "I am not injured. I am
here to see someone else. He would have arrived early this afternoon."

She blinked owlishly, looking him up and down and still not sure what to
make of him. "Ah… are you a relative?"

He just looked at her.

"Eep… I'll just go and get my supervisor."

"You do that."

She scurried off and a minute later an older nurse appeared, scowling
like an English bulldog. She too gave him a once over, and if possible
scowled deeper.

"You are Lord Voldemort?" she accused. He lifted a brow at her.

"I am."

"We have your 'young man'. He is resting in critical care for now, and
not receiving visitors."

He wasn't going to argue with her, but since cursing her wasn't a
reasonable option (although it was definitely tempting) he evaded.

"Then I will speak to his guardian. He should still be here."

The Head Nurse clearly wasn't happy, but knew she had been thwarted. She
turned on her heals and led him up an open stairwell to the third story,
and down a long corridor. The walls were painted sky blue, and painted
birds flew about every which way, flitting into open doorways and then
out again. The walls were lined with ugly green chairs, several of which
were occupied by worried looking individuals who didn't so much as
glance up as the blood soaked man passed them.. At the farthest end of
the corridor, away from the common masses, stood Snape talking with a
medi-witch. The potions master seemed to sense his approach, and
suddenly turned in his direction. He nodded to the medi-witch and went
to meet his master.

"His condition?" Voldemort demanded at once.

"Stable. He woke briefly two hours ago, but had to be sedated again. He
should be fit for transfer to St. Mungo's in two or three days."

They both turned and stared pointedly at the head nurse, who huffed and
stalked off.

"Good… that's…good. That will give me time to set up the cover story. He
can't be implicated as being responsible for any of this. No one would
understand," he muttered, beginning to pace anxiously. "They would think
he had gone mad."

"He might have at this point," Snape said candidly, earning him a glare
that could peal paint. "I don't mean that jokingly. As I said before,
Mr. Potter woke up earlier, and had to be sedated. He had some sort of
panic attack. Not really surprising under the circumstances. The
medi-wizards[^109-3] are suggesting a full psychological evaluation once he is
strong enough."

"I'm sure they are. Nothing like a shrink to make up things to treat
when the real medi-wizards run out," he sneered, the bitterness behind
it perhaps more telling than he had intended. "Considering the things he
has been through, do you think anyone wouldn't believe he suffered from
hallucinations? Delusions? Paranoia? He would be committed within an
hour."

"We cannot simply ignore the possibility that he won't bounce back as
quickly as he has in the past either," Snape said, trying to keep his
tone patient. "Until we know how this latest event has affected him, I
believe he should be kept out of the public eye. Perhaps even outside of
Hogwarts."

"I had no intention of throwing him into the public arena the moment he
woke up," the Dark Lord said impatiently, moving towards the half open
door he could now see at the end of the hall. "But they do need
reassurances that he is alright."

Snape followed, not daring to attempt to stop him, but not entirely
trusting him either. Voldemort pushed the door open further.

Harry was still unconscious, although he looked far from peaceful. His
expression was pinched in pain and anxiety, his entire body flinching at
nothing and sweating heavily. He suspected the ghastly contraptions
binding up his legs was the primary culprit, but from what little he had
gleaned from the medical team in the tunnels they might also be the only
thing keeping the boy's legs attached to his body.

Moving closer to the bed, he could hear Harry's labored struggle for
air, a faint rattling sound whenever he exhaled. He reached out to
remove a sweaty lock from his forehead, but stopped himself when he
realized his hands were still covered in blood.

"He's feverish," he said instead, irritated that the medical staff could
miss something so obvious and treatable. Snape explained.

"He's still under treatment for sepsis. They don't dare overwhelm his
kidneys with too many potions yet."

"Mmm…"

Suddenly, Harry turned his head towards them and opened his eyes,
startling them both. He stared at them, unfocused and half-lidded,
somewhere between sleep and waking.

"I don't want to sleep…" he wheezed, barely audible, "We keep dying
there. I don't want to die anymore. I don't want anyone else to die
there either."

Snape suppressed a shudder, looking away from his unnerving, glassy
gaze. Voldemort merely leaned in closer.

"Don't be afraid," he said gently. "I will not let Death take you. I
have conquered Him many times. I am His master. He will not touch you.
Do you trust me?"

Harry stared at him, through him, for a long time before answering.

"I shouldn't. God knows I shouldn't, but I do."

The Dark Lord smiled. He bent over to whisper something in his ear, too
soft for Snape to hear, and Harry's eyes slowly closed again as he fell
back into a deep sleep. His expression smoothed, his body relaxed, and
even his breathing seemed to become a little easier.

He straightened himself and turned to Snape.

"In a few days, I will allow a select few reporters see him."

Snape said nothing, glaring at some spot on the wall.

"But *only* see him. He should be well enough for others to know he will
live, but still sickly enough to enrage the public over his condition.
As far as they will know, he was kidnapped out of France and rescued in
Berlin by myself and the army, but not before being interrogated and
tortured by the German Aurors. They will be forbidden from asking him
directly what occurred in Berlin."

Black eyes slid back to crimson, assessing this newest manipulation for
weaknesses.

"It won't hold up for long. There were too many witnesses. There's no
guarantee Potter will even go along with it."

"His cooperation isn't necessary. He'll be out of the public eye for
some time, and I doubt he has any clear memory of what happened to
contradict my claim with. No one will believe the Germans, the tale is
simply too outlandish, and whatever slips through our own ranks will be
written off as war trauma or blatant rumor-mongering. Within a few
months, no one will even think twice about it."

"His friends will figure it out."

"They are irrelevant."

Snape conceded that to the Dark Lord this was certainly true. School
children played no part in the political landscape Voldemort inhabited,
excepts perhaps as props or examples, and this secret, which held no
definitive proof one way or another, required the sort of credibility
teenagers just did not have. However, for Harry and perhaps even Snape,
the truth could make life at Hogwarts quite uncomfortable. The students
were still reeling from Harry's saving the werewolf girl, Luna, and news
that he could *control* werewolves was unlikely to sit well with many of
them. Harry's likable personality wasn't going to stave off fear for
much longer, not even among those of his own inner circle. This could
cause unforeseen problems that he, as the boy's guardian and Headmaster
would be expected to deal with.

Maybe that was a good thing, for him at least. It would increase his
ward's reliance on him, which had been waning over the last two years,
and allow Snape to keep better track of him. On the other hand, it would
further complicate an already complicated situation.

He would have to find a way around the oncoming stigma, or though it if
it was unavoidable. Harry could not be relied upon to act in his own
best interest.

"I'd like some time to prepare the school for his return just the same."

"He is already behind in his schooling."

"He will require tutors regardless of when he returns at this point, and
perhaps it would be in his best interest to receive a private education
that will take into consideration his…*special circumstances*… until he
has caught up with his peers and recovered from his ordeal."

Voldemort seemed to consider. He turned to stare at Harry thoughtfully.

"Yes, that is likely the best course of action. It will certainly be
more convenient for assessing his progress. We'll need to find a
suitable guardian while you're at Hogwarts."

Snape nodded, displaying none of the relief he felt. The Dark Lord's
stubbornness could be dangerously inconvenient sometimes. If he played
his hand right, however, things might turn out tolerably well.

"I know just the person."

---

"Lt. Stratus."

It took a moment for Tom to remember that was his name now, but when he
did he quickly jumped to his feet to salute Major Leeds. The typical
military dignity was compromised somewhat as he had been in the middle
of cleaning and repairing his uniform when the woman had marched into
the barracks. She smirked, no doubt amused to have come in while he was
only in his shirt and boxers. .

"At ease, Lieutenant."

He relaxed somewhat into parade rest, and turned to her more directly.
It was difficult to retain the blank expression he had been forced to
adhere to for the last two days. Lt. Luther Stratus had not been a
particularly bright or well liked soldier it seemed, and Tom's normal
cleverness and charm would have been distinctly out of character for him
amongst his squadron. It was not in his habit to act the dumb brute,
however, and he had no intention of starting now. His withdrawn behavior
was shrugged off as battle fatigue.

He had, after all, gone to great lengths to demonstrate his battle
prowess in the field and his new body hadn't walked away completely
unscathed. If the major was here for the reason he hoped, then it would
prove worth the effort and the pain.

"Col. Abelard was quite impressed with your performance yesterday," she
said idly, clearly not sharing the colonel's opinion. She probably had
not been there when he had killed three Auror's at once with a
particularly nasty curse, and saved said colonel's incompetent ass. He
certainly didn't look like much at the moment, he was sure. She handed
him an envelope. "He's recommending you for an accommodation and
promoting you to captain within one of his units. You are to report to
me tomorrow at 8:13 sharp. That is all."

With that she turned on her heel and walked away without a second glance
at him.

"Yes, Major. Thank you, sir," he said stoically, although inside he was
laughing like a madman. Too easy. Things were starting to go his way.
Not that it really mattered. Things always went well in the beginning.
It was the final stages where everything got bollixed up. From now on he
would have to move extremely carefully. No more rash decisions, no more
relying on third parties. It was up to him and him alone, and that's
just the way he preferred it.

---

The hospital staff let Horace get out of bed to walk around the day
after he was admitted, but refused to release him from the third floor.
This was probably just as well, because despite feeling much better than
he had when he woke up he still couldn't remember how he had gotten to
Germany or much of anything since his seventh year. He had a vague
memory of graduating, but not of what had happened after that. Had he
joined the Culties? He couldn't imagine why he would do such a thing.
Nothing about military service appealed to him, and he couldn't ever
remember entertaining such an idea while in school.

Something had to have happened to put his plans for college on hold.
Maybe some financial burden at home prevented his folks from sending
him, and he had joined the Culties to help get payment for it. Maybe he
had stupidly thought the best way to write the story of the battles was
to participate in them, and he forewent his education in favor of
experience. It could be any number of things, and unfortunately answers
were not quickly forthcoming.

The hospital was full to brimming with the injured and dead, and there
was little time for anyone there to spend unraveling the mystery that
was him. They had found him in uniform on the street, but who ever had
injured him had stripped off his insignia and identifiers, probably for
future subterfuge. Without them it was impossible to find his records
quickly. There had been inquiries sent to locate his squadron, but so
far no one had responded. He doubted the troops had anymore time to
spare in the field than the medi-wizards and witches did in the
hospital. No one wanted him wandering around looking for answers either,
what with his memory loss, and he truthfully wouldn't have a clue on
where to start.

So he was left there to wait until things calmed down or he remembered
on his own, and find ways to entertain himself in the meantime. This
wasn't difficult at all. The third floor was a recovery ward, and it was
full of bedridden soldiers willing to spend an hour or two recounting
their experience on the battlefield for a bit of company. The nurses had
been more than happy to give him some paper and a quill, if it kept him
quiet and out of their way for a while.

Horace, on his part, felt like he had died and gone to historiographer's
heaven. The stories he gathered over the course of the day could easily
make his career as a writer. They were fantastical and painful,
terrifying and triumphant, heartbreaking and infuriating. There were
tales of cruelty, viciousness, and fear; and tales of bravery,
sacrifice, and compassion.

There were tales of the Dark Lord himself leading his men into battle;
which he could scarcely believe.

There were also tales of Harry leading werewolves into battle; which he
didn't believe. Or at the very least, hoped were not true. The young
soldier who had lost a good portion of his face and his entire squad
fighting in the tunnels had whispered such dreadful things; things he
could not bring himself to accept as anything other than the delusions
of a man whose trauma had left him without his sanity.

Harry could not have done the things that man had said. Last time he
remembered seeing the boy had been at Hogwarts and he had been
struggling to hold himself together from one day to the next. He was one
of the greatest people Horace had ever known, but also one of the most
fragile. It was impossible for him to have done… those things.

Impossible.

---

Lucius stalked into the Headmistresses office, seething with anger and
frustration. He did not dignify his rampant emotions, however, with any
form of acknowledgment. He did not glare or scowl or slam the door
behind him. Nevertheless, the moment he entered, several of the
occupants flinched or shrank back into their chairs.

Draco, he was satisfied to note, was one of them. Professor McGonagall,
unfortunately, was not. She stared at him coolly and gestured to the
chair that had been left open for him as if *he* were the errant child.
He stifled his indignation. His wife was giving him the subtlest of
looks to *not* start something now, while simultaneously directing her
disapproval towards her son.

On the other side of her was Hermione, witness to the debacle. He rather
hoped her sense of *loyalty* to the one she called brother would keep
her from blathering something incriminating. A mudblood couldn't be
expected to understand the superiority of loyalty over *honesty*,
however, so he hoped the fear of his presence would do the job.

Beside her was yet another embarrassment to wizarding kind in the form
of the youngest Weasley son, who was regarding him with cool loathing
that had been smacked across his face ever since they had first met.
Maybe it was stuck that way. Maybe he just needed to have someone come
along and smack that look right off again.

He would be the first to volunteer if that were the case.

A man and a woman whom he had never seen before sat beside the boy,
looking unremarkable in their grey clothes and similarly grey looks. The
woman wore a light blue-grey dress and pinned up her black hair in a
bun, and her partner wore a dark grey suit and had a thick,
neatly-trimmed mustache. They looked so much alike that Lucius suspected
they were cousin, which might explain why they had resorted to adopting
the little Weasley mutant.

It obviously wasn't out of love. They weren't even acknowledging each
other.

"Now that we're all here," McGonagall began, "We can get this matter
sorted. According to several witnesses, the altercation began when young
Mr. Malfoy walked up to Mr. Weasley and punched him in the face. Mr.
Weasley retaliated with a Punching Hex. Miss Granger managed to hold off
any further conflict until I arrived and separated them. What I-"

"Excuse me," the grey man interrupted softly. "I don't mean to be rude,
but why exactly were we called if Ronald did not start the fight? This
school boy tussle hardly seems worth drawing all us away from our busy
schedule."

Lucius agreed with him. Or rather, he agreed that *he* should not have
been called away. Not now when he should have been overseeing the Court
in the Dark Lord's absence. Obviously, no one was seriously hurt. A
letter and several detentions seemed perfectly in order.

Weasley said absolutely nothing, merely turned his glaring from Malfoy
Sr. to McGonagall's ink well.

"Mr. Brandier, I understand your frustration. However, the situation is
not that simple. Mr. Weasley *drew his wand* on Mr. Malfoy, who was
admittedly in the wrong but who had *not* drawn his wand. This school
has very strict rules regarding magic in the halls, particularly when
used to attack another student. If he had used his magic to merely
defend himself, then this wouldn't be an issue. As things stand, he is
in as much risk of being suspended as Mr. Malfoy."

"Suspended!" Narcissa protested. "Surely not for so petty a matter!"

McGonagall glared at the other woman, who tried valiantly to glare back
for a moment but ultimately had to look away.

"Randomly punching classmates is not a *petty* matter, Mrs. Malfoy.
Particularly, when those classmates share a dorm room I have no
supervision over, and their Head of House is in another country. I do
not *want*to suspend them, but unless I can be reasonably assured this
will *never* happen again, I won't have any choice."

Lucius sighed in annoyance. The chances of Draco being suspended were
nil, as his wife maintained her position on Hogwarts' board of directors
and he himself would never allow such a stain on the Malfoy name, but
the woman was right. Draco couldn't go around randomly punching people.
It was entirely unrefined.

"So what do you want us to do about it?" he asked drolly.

"I want you to have your son explain to me why an intelligent young man
with such a refined upbringing-" and there wasn't just a little sarcasm
in that statement "-did such an uncouth and brutish thing. He seems to
believe me *unworthy* of such an explanation."

Draco looked distinctly uncomfortable as all eyes turned to him. He
didn't speak, however, and Lucius had already wasted enough time there
already.

"Explain yourself, Draco," he commanded.

The Malfoy heir glanced fearfully at his father, then his mother,
begging her silently for support. She wouldn't give it, however. Not if
it meant defying her husband in front of all these people. She
understood loyalty very well.

He turned to Hermione, but what salvation could she possibly offer? She
merely stared at him pityingly and confused.

"Draco… just spit it out. We can fix this, but you need to tell them
what's wrong first," she begged. Her promise of absolution, however,
left him looking more anguished than ever.

"I… I can't…" he struggled.

"If this is because I sold Blaise some girl's lacey knickers and said
they were your sister's, I swear they were just a transfigured sock."
Ron blurted out impatiently.

Instantly, everyone's attention turned to him, a majority gapping at him
in a mix of alarm and indignation. Including, Draco, who managed to
catch himself before anyone else noticed he was as surprised as everyone
else.

"You did *what?!*" Hermione shouted, horrified and humiliated. Ron just
sort of shrugged.

"I needed the money for Christmas shopping."

"Oh, my God," Mrs. Brandier moaned.

"You mean to tell me," Lucius began, the anger he had been struggling to
control slowly slipping out. "You punched this little fool in public to
defend her honor?"

Draco, very slowly, nodded. His father sneered.

"Why the hell even bother?"

Hermione jumped from her chair and whirled on him, her face contorted
with absolute hatred and her eyes brimming with tears.

"*Drop dead!"*

Magic smashed into him, throwing him backwards from his chair and in an
undignified heap on the floor. His wife let out a startled cry and
rushed to his side. The hit left him dazed and his body tingling. He was
vaguely aware of Hermione slamming the door as she rushed out of the
office, and someone rushed after her.

As the confusion subsided, his wife and Mr. Brandier helped him to his
feet and back into his chair. McGonagall had not moved from her spot to
help him or stop Hermione, and though her expression was bland he had a
feeling she had derived some sort of pleasure from that embarrassment.
Draco was staring stupidly at him from his chair, which meant it was
that atrocious little Weasley boy who had gone after her. They could
*have*each other.

"That little-"

"Now, now, Mr. Malfoy, we can't blame Ms. Granger for a little
accidental magic. Given the circumstances, it was rather impolitic
comment on your part," McGonagall chided, then changed the subject.
"Well, now that that matter is cleared up, I don't believe young Mr.
Malfoy has any reason to continue pursuing a vendetta against Mr.
Weasley, and there is no reason to pursue a suspension. They will *both*
be sharing several detentions together, and nothing rebuilds a
friendship like mutual suffering. I hope you all have a good day."

Lucius would have set her on fire, he really would have, but his head
was still spinning and Narcissa, all three of her, were already herding
him out the door. He would make her suffer later. Her and that
ungrateful little trollop leading his son to such stupidity. He should
have known from the beginning that Hermione was somehow involved. Ever
since he had brought her home, Draco had been unnaturally smitten with
her. He had chalked it up to loneliness at the time, and overlooked it
as something he would grow out of when he entered Hogwarts, but away
from the manor where Lucius could curb any outrageous behavior the girl
was now fostering ridiculous notions of chivalry and impulsiveness.

And she had *hit* him! Her own foster father. A *pureblood* wizard! He
had pulled her out of that orphanage and given her a beautiful home and
beautiful clothing and the best education money could buy, and this is
how she repaid him? With a *'drop dead'* and an honest attempt to do
just that!

It was intolerable.

Unforgivable.

She had to be taught a lesson.

As soon as he could stop himself from weaving back and forth like a
drunken fool, he would set about doing just that.

Back in her office, McGonagall sighed heavily. Draco remained where his
parents had unknowingly abandoned him, looking lost and utterly
confused. She did not envy him. She did not have any particular fondness
for Draco, but she could sympathize with him. It had to be confusing and
painful to watch his family insult and attack one another right in front
him, and believing he had somehow instigated it.

"Mr. Weasley is a very good friend, Draco," she said, startling him from
his stupor. He looked confused. She clarified. "He lied. He knew that
for what ever reason you attacked him, you could not say, and he lied so
that you would not have to."

He swallowed thickly. "Please don't… don't make me say it."

"I would not dishonor Mr. Weasley's sacrifice by doing so… it was
obviously important enough to you that you were ready to defy your own
father to keep it," she said, although truthfully she just didn't want
to have to put up with Lucius' bigotries. How Snape tolerated him was
beyond her. "However, I will require you to make amends. What ever it is
that happened, I am certain it is not worth ruining a friendship and
sparking a feud over."

Draco snorted. "He's not my friend. We've never really… I don't know. I
always got this feeling that he resented me."

She smiled knowingly. "It's not *your* friendship or lack there of that
I was referring to."

---

"Hermione! Wait! For Merlin's sake will you just listen to me for a
second!" Ron shouted after her, running to catch up before she reached
Gryffindor Tower. She kept going, her body stiff with anger. He didn't
dare touch her, not after she had thrown Malfoy Sr. halfway across the
room.

"I didn't sell your knickers to Blaise," he said, once he managed to get
close enough that he wouldn't be shouting *that* particular tidbit down
the hall.

"Of course not," she hissed, not even turning to look at him, "It was
just a *sock*. Not that *he* knows that. Who gives a damn that you've
just sold my reputation and my dignity with a *lie*. I'm just a mudblood
after all. I don't have anything to proud about to begin-"

"I didn't sell him a sock," he snapped, interrupting her. She paused. "I
didn't sell him anything. I lied. I made it all up. I haven't a bloody
clue why your brother punched me. Maybe he's on the rag or something."

She turned to look at him, frowning uncertainly.

"You didn't…?"

"Of course not," he said. "If I wouldn't curse a girl I don't even like,
you think I'd do something like that to you? Christ, even if I wasn't
head-over-heels in love with you, you're the only friend I've got."

She stared at him, her eyes wide and slowly pooling with tears. The
anger and shame were retreating, leaving her shaken and uncertain. He
took her hand in his and kissed it.

"I'm sorry."

She sniffed once, wiped the tears from the edge of her eyes, and that
was the end of it. When she spoke again she was back to her usual
pragmatic self.

"Why did you… why *that* lie? Why lie for Draco at all?"

He shrugged. "It was the only thing I could think of that sounded
halfway believable. Besides, I don't think what I said was that far off
from the truth."

"What?"

"It had to have *something* to do with you. If I'd done something to him
personally, he could have waited until the right moment. It's not like
he hasn't dealt with that sort of thing before. But you…I don't know…
It's a big brother thing. Something about protecting little sisters
drives us nuts."

She frowned.

"So you lied to protect me, not Draco?"

He frowned back at her.

"I'm not in love with your brother."

"That's… strangely sweet… in a weird, dishonorable sort of way."

He grinned at her. "Enjoy it while it lasts. Sweet ain't really my
thing."

---

Ira was still sleeping when someone knocked on the door, startling her
awake. The room was dull gray with the light of the pre-dawn slipping
through the half open curtains, and her heartbeat raced, aware as she
had ever been that she was completely alone in Snape's cottage. It
didn't other her during the day, and she actually quite enjoyed the
quiet solitude, but at night…and right now.

Well, she was a little alarmed that the knock hadn't come from her
*front* door, but rather her *bedroom* door.

"Who is it?" she asked cautiously.

"It's me," Snape's familiar baritone came, and she immediately relaxed.
"I am sorry to wake you, but there's something I need to talk to you
about and I haven't much time."

"I…yes, alright…"

"Get dressed first. I'll make us some tea."

She blushed a bit, feeling silly at her nervousness. It wasn't as if she
hadn't stayed in the cottage with Snape before, although admittedly
Harry had always been there and she had been up and about before either
of them most days. She dressed quickly and tidied herself into something
presentable, not bothering to tie up her hair and hoped for the best.

Entering the kitchen, she found Snape staring at the tea kettle on the
stove, lost in thought. He was still dressed in his traveling robes, a
black wool cloak draped over his shoulders and heavy boots caked in mud.
He did not look hurt but he did not look well either, his eyes shadowed
from exhaustion and unhealthy tint to his already pale skin. Unease
bloomed in her stomach at the sight of him. The letter he had sent had
said he was going to retrieve Harry from some sort of trouble, and Harry
was no where in sight.

"Severus?"

He looked back at her and smiled tiredly, loosening some of her fear.

"I am sorry to have to wake you so early, but I wanted to speak with you
before visiting hours. It's going to be a circus today."

There was something a bit… forced about the lightness in his voice.
Perhaps because he had never attempted such a tone with her before. The
kettle began to hiss and whistle, and he pulled it from the stove to the
kitchen table where the tea pot was already prepared. The scent of the
tea wafted through the kitchen as the hot water hit it. She settled into
a chair and he took the one across from her. She never took her eyes off
of him.

"Severus… are you alright?"

He blinked at her, then nodded. When he spoke again, it was in his
naturally dark drawl she preferred.

"I am fine. Just a little tired. It has been a long three days."

Merlin, had he really only been gone three days?

"And Harry," she asked cautiously, almost afraid to ask. "Did you find
him?"

"I did."

The way he said it, she couldn't find any relief in that statement. Did
that mean Harry was dead? She couldn't bring herself to prod him for
answers he obviously was reluctant to recount, nor could she simply
abandon the topic on such an awkward note. While she tried to think of
what to say next, he poured them each a cup of tea. It was very dark,
almost black, and he sipped the hot brew and grimaced. Then took another
sip and answered the unspoken.

"He'll live. It was… is… very bad, but he will live."

"What happened?"

"…I don't want to lie to you, Ira, but I can't tell you everything. I
will simply say that he was attacked by a very powerful wizard, and that
it is nothing short of a miracle he didn't lose a limb let alone his
life."

"I'm sorry, Severus," she said, because despite his neutral tone this
obviously was very hard on the man. He wouldn't say it out right, that
wasn't the sort of man he was, but the fact that he wasn't ranting about
his ward's reckless stupidity and attempting to drink some truly awful
tea said a lot all its own.

"Thank you, but it's not your pity I came for," he said, falling deeper
behind his wall of hard practicality. "I need to ask a very big favor of
you."

"Okay."

"Potter… will live. He will likely make a full recovery, in fact, but
not any time soon. I'll need to have him pulled from school for a while
as he recuperates, and then perhaps a little longer so that he can catch
up in his studies."

She nodded, not quite sure where this was leading.

"I have two choices here. I can either have him held in a long term
health facility or I can keep him here under the supervision of a
responsible adult."

"You want me to watch after Harry? Severus, I'm a scholar not a
medi-witch."

"There will be a medi-witch or wizard on call to monitor his health and
to assist if something should go wrong. I will not ask you to look after
him while he is bedridden, but once he recovers some mobility...? I
believe his recovery would be helped along by familiar surroundings and
a friend's company. Tutors will be employed to help him with his
studies."

She thought about it for a moment, but really there was very little
thought necessary. Harry was indeed a friend, and even if he weren't, he
was someone she greatly admired for his kindness and his patriotism.
Besides, this was the first time she had ever felt she could be of use
to Severus, and the first time he had ever volunteered his trust to her.

"I understand. I would be happy to," and then she smiled, a slight flush
painting her cheeks as she added, "It would be good practice for taking
care of my own children."

"Thank you. I'm relieved…" he paused. "Children?"

She nodded, fighting off a grin. It was completely inappropriate, given
the circumstances, but she *had*to tell him. She needed to tell him so
*badly*. "I got the results back from Jacobi."

And he just stared at her, as if she had grown a second head, and to her
own exasperation she realized he had completely forgotten that she had
had her appointment yesterday. She rolled her eyes and took a sip of her
tea, grimaced and put it back down again. He was still just staring at
her, so she decided to tease him a bit.

"So are you going to make an honest woman out of me, or are you
intending to have an illicit affair Harry's nanny?"

He scowled at her, and really that was much better.

"Of course not. You've just caught me off guard. I am not sure if I'm
supposed to propose to you right now or pretend to ignore that
revelation in order to propose under more…romantic," he cringed,
"…circumstances at a later date."

She was laughing at him now, her own happiness helplessly bubbling out
of her.

"Well, since I know you're going to do it either way I don't mind
waiting. Did you have a particular day in mind? I'll be sure to wear
something pretty."

He rolled his eyes.

"You're an incorrigible woman. Just for that, I will propose to you now
in a completely unromantic way. Marry me?"

"No."

"What? What do you mean 'no'?"

"Not unless you kiss me first."

He glared at her, and tried to determine if she was serious. He didn't
think so. This entire situation was ridiculous. He felt *happy* for
Christ's sake. This was *not* the time to feel happy. It was completely
inappropriate, like a fart joke at funeral.

But she was waiting expectantly, laughing smile never faltering, her
head slightly tilted forward. So he did it. He startled her by jumping
to his feet, pulling her into his arms, and kissing her. It was as
unexpectedly stunning as their first kiss. More so, as he pressed her
entire body to his, taking in her scent, her heat, and that untapped
well of passion he had barely glimpsed.

She tasted of mint toothpaste and tea, smelled like rosemary, and felt
like salvation. He had taken several women to bed in his life; women who
sold their bodies for money and those that sold their bodies for favors,
but he had never *possessed* one like he did Ira. Lily… she could have
been his, had a moment of injured pride not ruined everything, and
Vesper had been a near thing, but even she had never made him feel
wanted the way Ira did.

Even now he could feel her melting into his hold, giving herself to him
completely, and he wanted nothing more than to take it. It would be
beautiful. He knew it would. All the confusion and violence and ugliness
of his world would fade away for one glorious hour in her arms…

He broke the kiss first.

"I…" he panted, struggling to catch his breath. "I better go before I
spoil the wedding night[^109-4]. Your ring is in my writing desk, middle
drawer. The password is 'precarious endeavors'."

Ira merely made a soft sound that could have been a moan or a sigh. He
pulled away. She sagged visibly as he withdrew.

"Was that a 'yes'?" he queried. She blinked at him.

"I… yes."

"Then we will talk more when I return…three days at the most," he
promised, and kissed her gently on the forehead. "Until then, start
planning. I would rather not delay our…union… any longer than
necessary."

And with that, he swept out the door into the morning chill. He had
hardly made it to the gate when he heard Ira's hysterical laughter from
inside the house. No doubt she would be running through the house like a
giddy little school girl preparing for her first date for the rest of
the day, and making plans for her very own little dream wedding.
Normally, such a thought would only be entertained to intentionally
induce vomiting, but somehow he found himself smiling for the first time
in weeks.

---

It took a long time for Harry to realize for certain that he was awake.
He had stared a long time at the painted birds flitting across the walls
and ceiling, his memories elusive and his thoughts numb. It wasn't until
he realized that if he were dreaming he wouldn't believe he was that he
finally determined that he was in fact a wake. It took him even longer
to realize that he was in a hospital.

He didn't remember why, and honestly he didn't feel like he would want
to know.

At some point a nurse came in and checked him over, talking at him
cheerily, but he couldn't understand a word she said. He didn't know if
she wasn't speaking English or if he simply couldn't understand her. She
gave him a bitter tasting potion, and his mind cleared a little but
still he couldn't understand her. When she left, he tried to piece
together where he was and what had happened.

He knew he was in a hospital and that he hurt very badly. There were
some memories of before, places and words and pain that had been so
overwhelming before were now like a once familiar song whose lyrics he
couldn't recall and whose tune was broken and out of order.

"You're awake."

He turned to see Snape standing in the door, dressed in his usual
teaching robes and carrying a satchel. The professor looked as if he
hadn't gotten enough sleep, and yet there was an energized feeling to
him. His magic was humming, brushing against Harry's skin like phantom
insects. He looked down at his arms and legs, but aside from the
bandaged there was nothing there.

"Perhaps I spoke too soon," the man mused, stepping into the room. He
grabbed a chair from the corner and moved it beside the bed. "What do
you remember? The calming drought may be affecting your memory."

Harry swallowed thickly, his mouth and his brain feeling cottony.

"I…I was lost…somewhere…"he wheezed, then frowned, not liking choice of
words or how hard it was to force them out. His breathing was already
starting to become labored. "There was a lake and… monsters…they meant
to kill me, but I drowned myself…"

Harry ducked his head, knowing he sounded ridiculous, but Snape merely
looked thoughtful.

"You did have lake water in your lungs. I had assumed it was a curse,
but perhaps it was something a little more… unorthodox. You where under
possession by the late Fenrir Greyback, and frankly I have very little
experience with the metaphysical's affects on the physical. Do you
remember what happened after you drowned?"

Harry frowned. "I got blown up."

Snape smirked, inappropriately amused. "Yes, you were having a rather
bad day."

"How did I… what happened to me? I don't know what happened while I was…
elsewhere."

This sobered the man a bit and he leaned back in his chair, considering
his explanation.

"I am not entirely sure either. I was not called in until after you had
disappeared from the werewolf colony at Volges-Wulf. You and some
two-hundred and fifty werewolves had just up and disappeared. No one
knew what happened to you or where you had gone. Lord Voldemort himself
came to investigate."

Harry's breathing worsened. It was starting to hurt now. Some of what
Snape said sounded vaguely familiar, but he could not recall the Dark
Lord ever making an appearance. He was not someone you could easily
forget.

"He found you, or rather he found Fenrir in your body. I was not there
for the confrontation, but I believe he determined the spirit's
intentions to lead the werewolves into battle against the Aurors in
Berlin. Fenrir escaped with most of his little army and disappeared for
three days. When he finally showed up again Berlin, Voldemort was ready
for him, as were the German Aurors. There was a great deal of fighting,
the details of which are too macabre for a retelling and eventually you
did, in fact, get 'blown up'. On the brighter side, if such a thing
exists, Britain has retaken all of Berlin and the southern half of the
state of Brandenburg."

Harry said nothing for a long moment, trying to process what he had been
told. He knew he should be feeling something. These were all events he
had participated in, in some capacity, and yet he felt nothing. It was
as if he was sitting through another lecture in History of Magic.

"Did a lot of people die?" he asked. He knew that was important, even if
it didn't feel that way at the moment.

Snape shrugged. "A couple hundred, yes. It was a battle after all. At
least seventy-five werewolves died, although they must have killed more
than twice that number."

Harry nodded absently, momentarily distracted as he tried to recall who
had been with him. There had been Beartooth and Ashskin and the Furloin
brothers and Riven and… who had been the others again? He couldn't
recall the werewolves at the colony, except that they had been eager to
meet him. No feeling accompanied the memories, and he frowned in
confusion.

"I feel…weird," he muttered.

"That is just the calming draughts you're on. You had a panic attack
when you first woke up. Do you remember that?"

He didn't remember that, but Snape's words triggered other memories.
Panic attacks. He had been terrified of having them for months now. Of
someone seeing him broken and vulnerable, even if was only for a few
minutes. No one knew about it accept Horace McGunny and … Jane. Jane had
given him something to help calm him during the werewolf funeral, and he
had accidentally swallowed it and been possessed by Fenrir. Then she had
given him some more to take with him and he had… oh god… he had…

"This is all my fault."

"Probably," Snape agreed. "I wouldn't mind an explanation, however."

So Harry told him everything. He told him about his first panic attack,
then the second, and their increasing frequency. He told him about
attempting to hide it from everyone, about the slip up at the werewolf
funeral, about Du'on nadi and his misunderstanding its purpose, and
ultimately his foolish continuation of using it and the disastrous
results. The more he spoke, the darker Snape's expression became.

When at last, Harry told all there was to tell, he stopped in order
re-catch his breath. He wasn't afraid. The calming drought assured that
sort of feeling was nearly impossible, but he did wonder if he would
have said anything if he'd had more control over himself. His guardian
closed his eyes and rubbed his temples, a sign that a headache was
surely descending on him.

"You're mad at me, aren't you?" Harry asked.

"Yes."

"It is all my fault then, isn't it?"

"No."

"…then why are you mad at me?"

Snape removed his hand from his forehead, and looked directly at the
boy. For all that he had said he was angry, he certainly didn't look it.
He looked tired and frustrated, but nothing so fierce as to be angry.

"I am mad because it took a near death experience and a medical grade
concentration of potion for you to trust me with something that you
should have been able to tell me about when it first happened. Why
didn't you tell me?"

Harry looked down, the first inkling of emotion beginning to squirm to
the surface. Shame.

"I was scared. I was afraid what would happen if people thought I was
going crazy. I thought I could…I thought it would go away on its own
or…I don't know. I could cure myself. But all this other stuff was
happening and there just wasn't any time to figure out how so I
just…took the Du'on nadi, even when I knew it was wrong… even though I…
It was wrong. It was so wrong and people died because of it."

Snape closed his eyes, again and took a deep breath. He had lied. He
wasn't angry. He should be. He should be furious, scolding the boy
mercilessly and planning out a long and painful penitence. He should…
but he couldn't. It would be simultaneously hypocritical and pointlessly
devastating to take out on the boy what to most would have been little
more than temporarily self-destructive and embarrassing, and hang the
responsibilities of war.

"I would have kept it a secret," he said, instead.

"Sure…you wouldn't think twice about letting the crazy kid wander around
unsupervised, hang out with your godchildren, or… brew
Blood-replenishing potion… nothing at all worrisome there with all the
knives and caustic chemicals and-"

Snape held up his hand to silence him.

"Panic attacks are a far cry from a psychotic break. I assure you I can
tell the difference."

"You would have told…*him*."

The man conceded the point with a tilt of the head.

"He can't… I can't let him know."

"Why not? He has a done a great deal for you. This is such a small
thing-"

"No, no it's not. It's a weakness and not one I think he could forgive.
He can't exploit this."

That was a far more insightful assessment of the Dark Lord's character
than Snape had thought Harry was capable of. It also wasn't correct.
Snape knew Voldemort could forgive his vulnerability, because it was one
that could be treated and then forgotten. And because it was Harry. When
had his master held anything against him for long?

Snape suddenly wondered how long that magnanimity would last if he ever
discovered that Harry quite possibly was destined to kill him. Perhaps
it *was* better that the Dark Lord didn't know this particular weakness.

"Very well. I won't tell him."

The boy's eyes widen, a spark of life coming through his potion dulled
eyes.

"On certain conditions," he continued, hardening his expression. If he
could not bring himself to kill this obstinate child, then at the very
least he would exercise some level of supervision. He may yet be able to
circumvent destiny or at the very least delay it. "You will meet with me
at least once a week in private to speak; during which time you will
tell me *anything* that is bothering you. Be it another anxiety attack
or the sniffles. You live under extraordinary conditions, and I took for
granted your resilience in dealing with them. I will not make that
mistake again."

Harry looked uncertain, and Snape didn't blame him. What Snape was
asking of him required a level of trust they had not yet achieved, and
even he wasn't certain he deserved or wanted it. He needed it, however.
For both their sakes.

"I want your word, Potter."

The boy flinched and looked down at his red, blistered hands.

"…okay."

---

Lestrange waded through the small lake of papers and scrolls that filled
the Ministry of Magic's Foreign Affairs Division, cursing God and
Fortune for the disaster area she found herself in. With Berlin now
stabilized under British occupation, she had found her use on the
battlefield ended and was obliged to continue with the investigation
that had brought her there in the first place.

Somewhere in the large open chamber was the file for Horace McGunny, of
that she was certain. If she was ever going to find it was a matter of
far less certainty. The building had not been burned like many of the
other Ministry offices, but that didn't mean it hadn't suffered damage.
The records room in which she was currently searching had been the site
of a skirmish that had left the place in ruin with papers bursting from
their respective cabinets and nooks to flood floor up to her knees. The
magical filing spells had not been renewed and the mess had been left as
it lay.

She didn't even know where to start.

To add insult to aggravation, not only was she left looking for the
proverbial needle in a haystack, she was also on pet-sitting duty. Held
securely in a gilded cage with more protection spells on it than a
Gringotts' vault, hunched the raven given to her to protect until such
time as the Dark Lord requested it back. It had been picked up during
the battle in the underground, but why exactly she couldn't even begin
to guess. It was a familiar, she surmised, but whose she didn't know nor
why it would be important to her master.

At the moment, it was sitting quietly and sulking. She glared
resentfully at it.

"I don't know what your problem is. I'm the one who has to clean up this
mess."

The raven twisted its head around to stare at her, and she got the
distinct impression it was *glaring*at her. Which was impossible of
course. It was just a stupid bir-

"Sister, you don't know the *meaning* of the word 'mess'."

Down the hall, several young Culties busily cleaning out offices for
reuse were startled from their various tasks by a terrified shriek.

---

"Hermione, how many times do I have to say it? I'm *sorry!*" Draco
whined, following after his sister. He had finally gotten the
opportunity to explain what had *really* happened, and rather than
appreciating his brotherly concern she gotten even *more* angry with
him. How was he supposed to know Sabbat was a lying skank with a grudge?

"You don't even know what you're apologizing for!" Hermione snapped over
her shoulder, but didn't slow down as she made her way to the library.

"Um… because I believed Sabbat?"

He couldn't see her face, but the way she moved her head told him she
had just rolled her eyes.

"No, Draco. That's *not* why I'm angry. I'm angry because my own brother
*assumed* Sabbat was right, instead of respecting me enough to just come
and *ask* me what happened." Finally she stopped and whirled around to
face him, and he flinched away. "God, do you have any idea how
*humiliated* I feel right now? First, you go an act like an utter
buffoon punching Ron in the middle of the hall, then I get dragged into
McGonagall's office and… *ARGH!* I could strangle Lucius right now! And
Ron's stupid lie and…just…"

She threw up her hands in disgust and spun on her heels back towards
Gryffindor Tower, and Draco ran after her.

"I'm sorry! I really am! I don't know what I was thinking. I *was* going
to ask for an explanation first, but then I saw you both together and I
just…I lost it! I'm sorry. I never would have done it if I'd know you'd
get dragged into it. And to be fair, Ron came up with that ridiculous
cover story all on his own."

She spun around, pointing an accusing finger at him. He barely managed
to avoid losing an eye.

"He wouldn't have had to lie if *you* hadn't started trouble in the
first place. You owe him an apology *and* a thank you for digging you
out of trouble."

Draco grimaced at the mere notion. Apologize to Weasley? He'd rather eat
glass. Besides, he wasn't entirely convinced that this wasn't still
somehow the other boy's fault. Hermione *still* hadn't told him why she
had gone down to visit Ron in the first place, and said that if he
wanted to know he would have to ask the boy himself. He'd rather eat
glass *and*dung beetles.

She read his expression as easily as she read everything else, and began
to turn away again but Draco was spared the back of her head by an
unexpected interloper.

"Granger! Granger!" Collin Creevy called out, scurrying down the hall
towards them. His camera, which was normally attached to his hand like
an extra limb had been replaced by a newspaper which he was waving
wildly. "Have you heard?"

Draco instantly forgotten, she turned her attention to the photographer
and the paper he practically punched her in the face with. It didn't
take a moment to figure out what had him so excited. Plastered across
the front page of the Daily Prophet in oversized letters was the
announcement: DARK LORD RESCUES HAROLD POTTER AND RE-TAKES BERLIN!

Instantly, she snatched the paper and started to read. Her eyes widened
in horror.

"Oh Merlin…"

[^109-1]: No, potions can't fix EVERYTHING. Even some things that muggle
medicine can. I've seen no evidence that wizarding kind is particularly
superior to muggles in any way outside of magic. For some, that's more than
enough. Although, really we don't get to see a lot of the wizarding world in
Cannon either when you stop to think about it.

[^109-2]: A spectrecat is completely made up animal, based off the old wives
tale that if you let a cat sleep in the cradle of a new born, it will steal
their breath and kill them. My spectrecats really do that, except they do it
to anyone too weak to fend them off. They look just like regular cats except
they're white and can squeeze themselves through tiny spaces to get inside
homes or in this case, hospitals, not unlike lethifolds. Gargoyles in the
wizarding world, serve the very real purpose of fending off evil spirits and
beings like lethifolds and spectrecats. The pigeons and rats just supplement
their diet.

[^109-3]: The one think I don't really like about the terms medi-witch and
medi-wizard is trying to pick the plural form when both genders are
represented. It's rather chauvinist, but I'm adopting the term medi-wizards
when referring to a group of them, but be aware that there is a mix.

[^109-4]: Despite Snape's many dubious character traits, he has a rather
romanticized idea about marriage and family. He might not find anything wrong
with buying a hooker (so long as he's not married or affianced to anyone), but
he would never consider having sex with Ira before their wedding night. He
would view it as demeaning to her, and lower her respectability. Afterwards
they'll probably go at it like bunnies. Assuming I don't have her killed or
some how break off their wedding.
