# Serfs and Nobles

There was no comfortable position to lie in, but he was too tired to sit
or stand. His entire body felt like one big bruise, aching everywhere
except on his chest were the Dark Lord had scorched his mark on to his
flesh. That just plain *stung*.

"Your bed is going to stink like medicine," Harry protested to Remus,
who just rolled his eyes, and continued to rub salve gently over his
chest. He had cracked a few ribs on the left side, but nothing was
broken. It just made breathing about as uncomfortable as moving.

"You're not the only reckless fool I've treated in this bed," the beta
said, throwing a pointed look at Sirius, who was glowering in the corner
of their little house. The bed itself was monstrously large, easily
fitting five or six adults at a time, which was practical since it was
shared with three other werewolves. Everything in the werewolf colony
was communal, from kitchens to beds to showers, but Remus assured him he
would be getting the bed to himself unless it rained. Apparently, the
werewolves only bothered with a bed when it was too cold or raining
outside. Most preferred sleeping under the stars if possible. "This
should help with the bruising and the swelling. How do you feel?"

"Would you be mad if I told you, smugly satisfied?"

Sirius snorted harshly. "Satisfied? With what? You're a mess. You
finally make it back home after half a year and the first thing the Dark
Doofus can think to do is beat the crap out of you? What the fuck?"

"Sirius…" Remus said, warningly.

Harry just smiled at him cheekily. "I really did have that thrashing
coming, even before I broke his nose." Sirius started to protest, but
Harry held up a hand to silence him. "It's over and done with now, and
I'm glad. I don't want you to get worked up over it. It was worth it."

And he didn't just mean the beating. He had been gone for six months,
alone and guilt ridden, but he had learned so much along the way, and
seen such wonders he could not find it in him to regret.

Sirius didn't look sure, but then Harry hadn't told him the whole story.
All he knew was that Harry had allowed himself to be kidnapped because
the Dark Lord was pissed at him (the specifics he didn't get into) and
that he had come back on his own. Remus was more accepting, although he
was none too pleased with Harry's injuries either.

"Come on, Padfoot, we had best let him rest for a bit. We should go
introduce ourselves to his 'souvenirs' before nightfall."

"If Stephen is a bit snappish, don't take it personal. He's a bit
defensive when it comes to taking care of his family," Harry said,
leaning back more fully against his pillows. They left him to his own
devices which unfortunately involved just laying around like a log.
Voldemort was… somewhere, and would be there until tomorrow it seemed
and left him to the care of Fenrir and his pack. Harry was happy with
this, because as much as he wanted to see Hermione and his friends,
family came first.

And they coddled him shamelessly. Which he needed. It had been a long,
hard week. He was actually prepared to attempt a nap, try to ignore his
aching body, but there was something he wanted to do first.

Very carefully, and very slowly, he pushed himself up, climbed out of
the bed, and pulled his satchel out from underneath it. He opened it,
and after riffling through it for a minute or two, found what he was
looking for and brought them onto the bed with him. His letters, still
in their envelopes, remained unopened and mysterious. He had longed to
open them when he had first gotten them, but events had pushed them from
his mind almost completely. There had been no time and no privacy to
read them before, but now he had both and he thought he ought to read
them before facing his friends.

He picked one of the four letters at random.

*Dear Harry*

*Heard you got into a pickle. I have faith in you, though, and I'm sure
you'll find a way out of it. Everyone is rooting for you. –Hagrid.*

*P.S. The girls, Betty and Thelma, are growing big and strong. Norbert
had a bit of trouble in the beginning but he's doing well. They're all
beautiful. I can't thank you enough for the recommendation to Charlie.
You've made a life long dream of mine come true, and I'll never forget
that. The tooth I sent is one of Norbert's. He lost it in a fight with
Thelma. Get back soon, so I can introduce you to all of them properly.*

Harry smiled. Leave it to Hagrid to talk more about dragons than
anything else. The next one was from the Weasley's. All of them. Even
the ones he didn't even know very well. Mrs. Weasley prayed for his safe
return, not unlike Hagrid only with a lot more flowery adjectives, but
luckily the other Weasley's offered a bit more information than well
wishes. They told him about what happened at Hogwarts after he left,
about Dueling Club (Ron had the nerve to threaten him to get back to
handle the rookies), school gossip and simple news, National Quidditch
matches, hilarious pranks, and the sort of things he would have liked to
been with them to experience. Even Charlie Weasley, who Harry had never
met, wrote a little something about Hagrid's rather hazardous but
excellent care of the dragonets.

Next came Hermione's.

*Dear Harry*

*I hope this letter finds you in good health and in good spirits. The
papers speculate on your well-being constantly, and after a week I could
not bring myself to read them. Uncle Severus assures me of the
unlikelihood of you being seriously harmed, but even if you are not
being tortured I know you can't be happy.*

*I miss you so much. Everyone does. Even those you wouldn't think of.
Out of everyone, I think Natalie might be the most upset. She hides it
well, but I've known her for a long time, and Draco is worried about
her.*

*It's futile, but I wish you were here constantly. Hogwarts just isn't
the same without you. I go through the day thinking 'Harry would have
loved to try that' or 'Harry should be in Transfiguration right now' or
'Harry would have found that hilarious'.*

*I know it's a bit weird, but I started to make a log of these moments.
I thought, if I ever managed to get it to you, you could read it and it
would be sort of like sharing the moment together, like we should have.
One day, I pray we will be able to do just that for real. Good luck,
Harry.*

*Love,*

*Hermione*

Harry smiled and rubbed his eyes. Dear, sweet, Hermione. He couldn't
wait to see her again. Behind the letter, was about thirty pieces of
parchment, consisting of the log of events Hermione had written, and he
took a moment to scan them.

*Jan.6*

*The Hogwarts Herald published its first edition of the New Year. Your
kidnapping is featured on the front page. It's a really bad picture.
Draco actually cringed.*

*Uncle Severus held orientation for Dueling Club. It had the largest
turnout yet, with 55 potentials. Ron is freaking out. With you gone, he
can barely keep track of the 30 we have already. We may have to divide
up the club and get another instructor. I hope the newbies are joining
for the right reasons.*

*We had potatoes at dinner.*

Harry chuckled. This would definitely prove helpful when he returned to
school. He had missed so much already. Melancholy threatened to invade
his happy mood, so he moved to the last letter. It was from Draco.

*Harry*

*Hope you're not dead. Get your ass back here.*

*Draco.*

"Your wish is my command, oh Blond One," Harry chuckled.

"If that's my new nickname, it's awful and inaccurate."

He nearly jumped out of his skin, and dropped all of his letters. The
move jostled his body and he grimaced at the fresh throbs and stabs of
pain that lanced through his body. He turned his head to glare at Bobby,
who was now perched on Remus' chair.

"Oops. Careful there. Didn't mean to startle you."

Harry sighed and resettled against his pillows.

"Where have you been? I haven't seen you since we got here."

"Exploring. Do you think all these things I know are second hand? This
is an *interesting* place."

"Did you see Lord Voldemort while you were exploring?" Harry asked.

"Do you mean, did I see him toss you around like a ragdoll? Nope, didn't
see it."

The boy rolled his eyes.

"Thanks for the help."

"Your welcome."

"You-"

"Did you tell him about me?" the raven interrupted. "I hope you didn't."

Harry looked at him suspiciously. "Why?"

"Fairies aren't the only ones who would like to get their hands on me.
These things I know are valuable. You're lucky to have such a master as
I."

Harry snorted. "Fine. I guess it would be hypocritical of me to let the
Dark Lord use you, after I escaped Germany for pretty much the same
reason. The Canis's though…"

"I've already talked to them. They'll take responsibility for knowing
how to get out of Germany. No one else need know I exist."

Harry gave him another suspicious look. "How do I know you're not a spy?
Maybe the Germans set all of this up so that you could get into Britain.
You never would have known how to get in otherwise."

"Ha! I most definitely could. I work for no man or fae. Raecellos is my
patron, Protector God of Prodigal Sons and Explorers, Lord and Vassal in
the Court of Madris. I have endless navigational resources at my
disposal."

Harry thought on it and nodded. "I suppose that makes sense. Madris
wanted me back home, so she had Raecellos send you to make sure of it.
But why are you still here? Your mission is complete."

"Because I like you," Bobby laughed, and hopped from his chair to fly
out the open window. Harry glared after him. He hated when the raven did
that.

---

At some point, Harry must have dozed off, because when he opened his
eyes it was already nightfall. The little house was lit with lanterns
hanging from the ceiling, perfuming the air with the faint scent of lamp
oil. He was not alone.

On the other side of the bed, Luna and Diana had curled up around each
other and fallen asleep, while Sirius sat at a small table, Stephen
across from him, playing a game of cards. Both alphas turned to him as
he sat up and rubbed the sleep from his eyes.

"Where's Remus?" he asked.

"Patrolling. We've had issues with smugglers tearing down the wards
lately."

"Smugglers?"

"Voldemort's been rationing a lot of goods across the country. Makes it
profitable enough for smugglers to risk their lives to make up the
difference. Dumb as bricks, most of them."

Harry nodded.

"What are you two doing?"

"Playing cards, talking, keeping watch. People don't seem to get that
you need your sleep."

Harry looked over at the two girls, and chuckled softly then grimaced as
it jostled his ribs. Apparently, he wasn't the only one in need of rest.
He turned back to the Stephen.

"How is the family settling in?"

Stephen looked thoughtful for a moment, before answering.

"I wasn't really sure in the beginning. It's so… different, but the
kids… They're sleeping with Greyback's kids tonight. They've never had
friends besides each other before. They were really excited about it. We
could barely get them to go to sleep."

Harry smiled at that. Having had few friends growing up, and none for
the three years he had lived with the Dursley's, he knew that finally
finding others who understood you and connected with you was precious.

"If you need to talk to someone about adjusting, I'd ask Remus," Harry
said, "He grew up as a werewolf around wizards before the colonies were
founded."

Stephen nodded, but Harry thought he had probably been given this advice
before.

"Does anyone know how long I get to stay yet?" he asked.

"Dark Lord Snake-breath is off blowing his own horn somewhere. He'll be
back in the morning to get you, though. I recommend going for a kneecap
this time around."

"Don't make me laugh, Sirius, my ribs are still soar. It'll be fine."

"You should go back to sleep," Sirius said, looking unconvinced. "I
doubt the bastard is going to let you get much of it tomorrow."

"Alright, just wake me up early so I can say goodbye to everyone."

Because really, Sirius was probably right. He settled back into his
pillows and closed his eyes, trying to let his natural exhaustion take
him into sleep. Before he had completely descended into the dream world,
however, he heard Stephen and Sirius talking softly to each other.

"I honestly didn't believe him when he said his godfather was the next
Head Alpha. I didn't think he had a clue what he was talking about. He
didn't seem scared enough."

"Harry is a lot like his father that way. His mother too. They were
good, strong people. They judged people by their character, rather than
who or what they were. Although, I don't think even they could have
managed what Harry has. He finds character in the weirdest places."

"You mean the Dark Lord?"

"I mean you."

"…"

"I know you didn't just 'come across' Harry and instantly decide to run
away with him. I'm guessing you were hired to bring him back. I don't
think he was entirely willing either."

"… I don't know-"

"There were rope marks on his wrist. An Auror would never have had to
resort to ropes."

"…"

"I'll assume you had your reasons. Harry obviously felt you did."

"… I needed something better for my family. I couldn't protect them in
Germany. The entire system worked against us at every turn. I had do
something. Anything."

"I understand. It is your prerogative as a father to put your mate and
your pups above anyone else. Which is why I know you'll understand when
I tell you, that if you ever raise your hand against my godson again,
I'll kill you."

"… Fair enough."

---

Luna woke him up in the morning by playing with his toes. He slipped on
his glasses and looked down at her, as she took each toe individually
and gave it a little wiggle.

"You have monkey toes," Luna informed him. "They're so *long*. You can
tell where your shoes smooshed your pinky toes. They don't straighten
out all the way."

To prove her point, she took both his pinky toes and tugged them up.
They did have a little bit of curve to them. Funny how he'd never
noticed.

"Rofin has an extra toe on each foot, but they're all straight."

"I imagine Rofin doesn't wear shoes very often."

"Nope. Drover only has two toes on his right foot. He lost three of them
in a bear trap."

"His shoes must be particularly roomy."

Luna grinned up at him, and he grinned back.

"Welcome back, Harry."

"It's good to be home. Smooshed pinky toes and all."

She abandoned his feet to crawl up the bed and lay beside him. He could
feel her warm skin against his shoulder, and he was suddenly very aware
that he was lying in bed wearing only his slacks and bandages with a
girl dressed in nothing more than a one piece wrap, leaving her
shoulders naked and her legs almost completely bare. He felt his ears
begin to burn.

"Diana said you would be back, but she wouldn't say when. Everyone was
very sad."

"I'm sorry, Luna. I came back as soon as I could. I didn't mean to worry
anyone."

"I know. You had to go. It was in the stars," she said, dreamily and
closed her eyes, turning her head that her forehead rested on his
shoulder. Now he could smell her, dogwood, tallow, salt, and Luna. She
smelled of magic. Harry remembered she was in training to be a shaman.

"Did the Moon tell you this?"

"Mmm…"

She kissed his shoulder, and his breath caught in his throat.

"Luna, sweetheart," came a voice from the door, "please stop provoking
him. He's injured."

He looked over to see Athena standing in the doorway, and the redness of
his ears quickly covered the rest of his face. The alpha female didn't
look bothered by the situation, which only made it worse. Luna sighed
and looked up at her foster mother.

"Come on. You're helping me with breakfast. We have more mouths to feed
than usual."

"Coming," she promised, then looked to Harry. "Do you prefer
strawberries or apples in your pancakes?"

"Er… strawberries, I guess."

"Me too."

She crawled off the bed, careful not to jostle him, and headed for the
door. She gave him a little wave at the door and disappeared. Harry let
his head fall back and groaned, embarrassment and arousal warring inside
him. Oh, yes, he was definitely a healthy young man, if his reaction to
Luna were anything to go by.

He really hoped he didn't react this way with all his other female
friends. He knew from an aesthetic point of view that most of them were
quite attractive, but he hadn't thought of anyone *that* way since
Natalie dumped him and he had been so distracted by other things at the
time he had never really thought about anything beyond kissing and
holding hands.

Well, he was thinking of other things now. Curse, Luna. Odd, beautiful,
and completely uninhibited little daffodil that she was. Bother.

He tentatively got out of bed, and checked his injuries in the morning
light. He was still bruised, but now they were yellow rather than the
purples and blues of the night before. The mark Voldemort had left on
him was as tender as ever and black as pitch. He cautiously walked
around the room, loosening his stiff muscles.

Not bothering with a shirt or shoes, he headed out the door and squinted
into the early morning sun. The commune was just starting to wake up.
The werewolves were dragging themselves from their sleeping places, a
lot of them from hammocks or the roofs of their buildings, and heading
towards a particular path that led out to a small creek where they all
did a majority of their washing and bathing. He headed out with them,
knowing it was the most likely place to find his godfathers.

Sure enough, Sirius and Remus were scrubbing down with the rest of the
men folk at a spot where the creek was both wide and just deep enough to
accommodate the dozen or so others. The women and children were further
upstream and out of sight, although every so often you could hear them
talking or laughing. Harry had already been wiped down last night to
clean his injuries, and didn't bother with anything more then washing
his face and wetting his hair at the edge. The men teased Harry
good-naturedly about being skinny and whether he had met any cute girls,
making him blush when he was reminded about Luna.

When they got back to the commune the air smelled of cooking ham, and
Harry's stomach growled. They gathered together at the long tables set
outside, where the cooks set out ham, eggs, and, of course, pancakes
with strawberries. They waited only long enough for Fenrir and Sylvia,
their pack alphas, to start eating before everyone else started digging
in. The commune was loud with cheerful conversation. Several of the men
had clustered around Stephen and started talking about their seasonal
plans for the commune (which now included building another house to
accommodate five more pack members), and some basic skills he would need
to be taught right away. Likewise, the women had clustered around
Sylvia, gossiping a great deal about men and fawning over her children,
who ate their food as quickly as possible then ran off to play with
Fenrir's boisterous bunch.

It was a happy time, and Harry soaked it up like a sponge, the feeling
of belonging and community easing his sorrows and fears of the previous
months. Home, Harry thought. This is home. Whether he was a werewolf or
not, they accepted him and there were people that loved him here.

His happiness high lasted until around nine, when Voldemort returned,
interrupting him in a game of checkers with Luna, who kept moving his
pieces for him. It was with more than a little reluctance that he pulled
on a shirt and shoes, both of which rubbed against injuries he preferred
to remain untouched, and grabbed his satchel. He shook hands with
everyone (he really wasn't up to hugs), except for Luna, who kissed his
blushing cheek, and headed out to greet the rest of the wizarding world.

Fortunately, Harry didn't have to walk far. Voldemort's black car was
there to pick them up. Victoria beamed at him as she opened the
passenger side door, and he couldn't help but grin back. If it weren't
for the Dark Lord, she would probably have broken a rib with one of her
hugs.

"You seem very happy," Voldemort observed.

"I am very happy. I'm home."

The Dark Lord gave him a considering look.

"You left easily enough."

Harry's congenial mood vanished, and he glared at the older man.

"The hell I did. I had just found out that I nearly killed you and that
you were going to find out at any moment and more than likely come after
me, and suddenly Viktor comes out of nowhere offering me sanctuary, and
I couldn't think. I just stood there like a bloody idiot. I probably
would have just kept standing there if Brennan hadn't-"

He froze. Brennan. He still had no idea what had happened to Brennan.
Voldemort seemed to realize what he was thinking, and answered the
unspoken question.

"He's very much dead, Harry. Unlike you, he knew exactly what he was
doing when he designed that ritual."

Harry closed his eyes, a powerful ache coming over him. He had known
Brennan wouldn't be spared, but to have it confirmed was painful. He had
been a friend and a mentor with so much knowledge to share with him and
the others. It seemed such an unforgivable waste.

"He caste an Imperius on me," Harry said, when he could find nothing
else, he cast his grief aside for a better time. "I could have thrown it
off, I think. I nearly broke it at least twice. I was still confused
though. I didn't know if I should stay or go, and by the time I snapped
out of it, it seemed a pointless question. I could either go to
Durmstrang as a prisoner or a refugee. Refugee seemed safer."

"So you were just pretending?" Voldemort said coldly, his voice
somewhere between disapproval and derision.

"No. I *decided* to be a refugee. It's not like I didn't think my life
was in danger."

Voldemort nodded. "Yes, I did in fact intend to kill you those first few
days."

"Er… good to know. Would hate to think I did it for nothing."

Of course, given everything he had learned in the last week, might
actually have been worth the whole running away thing. Maybe. Kind of.

"What happened in Germany? Did they interrogate you?"

"They tried to threaten me into renouncing you publically, but they
didn't have anything to threaten me with. Not really. They didn't know
about the spell, thank Merlin, or I might have been in real trouble.
Dumbledore knew though. He came to see me half way through term."

"How did that go?" Voldemort asked, genuinely curious.

"Well… he visited during the full moon. He offered me lemon drops and
spiritual guidance. I threw curses at him and I blew up a room. It was
like visiting you only with candy."

The Dark Lord laughed. "Ah, I wish I could have seen that."

"So, what have you been up to? Burn down any villages while I was away?"

"Not yet. I'm currently courting the Queen of France by post. Which is a
lot trickier than it sounds. Did you meet the Minister of Magic while
you were in Germany?"

"Unfortunately."

"What did you think of him?"

"Dirty. I felt dirty just being in the room with him."

"Intelligent?"

"Manipulative. I don't know if he's any good at planning or leading, but
I don't think so. No one seems to really respect him. He gave
guardianship of me to Dumbledore, which was a piss poor plan. The old
goat didn't seem to think he held any real power, if he could double
cross him so easily. Are you really going to kill him?"

"If his own countrymen don't do it first? Absolutely. You're welcome to
attend."

"I'll pass, but thanks."

They talked for the entire forty minutes of their drive. The tension
from yesterday had not completely abated and Harry could feel the burn
on his chest throb and chaff under his shirt, but the old chemistry was
still there and conversation came out smoothly if not well organized.
They talked of Durmstrang, Grindelwald, Dumbledore (although not about
Grindelwald's relationship with Dumbledore which Harry felt was nobody's
business), Harry's various kidnapping attempts, the Dream Meeting,
national outrage at Germany, Harry's various escapes, Voldemort's
rationing policy, the fairy wedding, and Hogwarts. Everything had to be
simplified and abridged. Time was not on their side and they knew it.
More detailed accounts would have to wait until later.

They pulled up in front of Snape's house, and the potions master was
already waiting for them. Staring at the menacing dark figure in doorway
of the cozy little cottage, Harry was surprised to find he had missed
the man almost as much as he had Hermione.

Weird.

"Mr. Potter," Snape greeted blandly, "Still alive I see."

"Now, would I do anything as cliché as dying?"

The potions master's mouth twitched, ever so slightly, but retained its
usual intimidating glower.

"Put your things away, and then come back to the kitchen," he
instructed, and Harry followed his orders. His room was waiting for him
it seemed, the knick-knacks of last summer exactly where he left them.
It was just like coming back from Hogwarts.

Elsbeth's owl stand was empty and Inana's basket was conspicuously
absent, and he wondered briefly who was taking care of them. He set his
satchel on his bed, and went back downstairs to the kitchen.

Voldemort was drinking coffee at the table, while Snape laid out bottles
and vaguely familiar looking instruments. Harry sighed, and resigned
himself to the inevitable.

"Strip down, Mr. Potter."

He did as instructed, removing everything but his boxers. It wasn't like
they hadn't seen him naked before, although Harry felt distinctly more
uncomfortable about it with them than he did with werewolves. Snape
studied him head to toe, lingering a bit on the newest addition to his
tattoo.

"You don't do anything by halves, do you?"

Harry offered him a tired smile. "I didn't break any bones this time."

"Yes, I can tell. Most of them are clearly visible through your skin."

Snape began to check him over with various little rods and disks and
instruments from the table. Eyes, ears, nose, and mouth first. Then
lungs (and ribs, four hair-line fractures on the left side), heart,
blood pressure (high), reflexes (sharp as ever). He was also made to
suck on what looked like long lollipop sticks, each turning a different
color.

Snape looked at the sticks closely.

"Just as I thought, you are malnourished. You need potassium, calcium,
and vitamins C and D and K. Your kidneys aren't working well either.
What has your diet been like?"

Harry thought on it.

"A lot of convenience store junk and fast food for the last week. I was
skinny before that though. I don't know. I kept getting to trouble at
Durmstrang, and they'd only give me gruel to eat. I hate gruel. I
started skipping meals if I knew that's what I got."

Snape gave him a look to show how unsurprised by that bit of stupidity
he was.

"No fresh fruits or vegetables either, I suppose?"

Harry shook his head.

"Imbeciles," Snape muttered. "Unfortunately, nutrients can not instantly
be brought back to normal levels using potions or spells. Saturating
your system before it has time to gradually absorb them and adjust
itself will poison you. I hope you like asparagus."

Harry's expression stated plainly that he did not. Voldemort chuckled
into his coffee.

"Where did you learn all this stuff anyway? This seems like way more
than they cover in Magical First Aid."

"I worked part time as a physician's assistant while I attended
university. I dare say I learned far more than I am legally allowed to
practice without a license."

Harry tried to imagine Snape at 19 or 20, doing this sort of thing on
100 year old men and pregnant women, and was very dismayed when he
succeeded.

And finally, the really unpleasant part of the examination. Musculature.
Snape bent and pulled and pushed all of his limbs and back and head,
testing what parts of him were pulled or sprained or torn or just
bruised. And since Harry was all of those things everywhere it really,
really hurt.

This was followed by treatment which was even worse.

"Your immune system is shot from stress and malnutrition, this will help
fight off infections," Snape said, handing him a bright green vile.
Harry drank it and cringed as it burned his sinuses, then he bulked as
Snape continued to hand him several more potions. "This will flush your
kidneys of excess nitrates. This should heal yours ribs, but don't get
carried away, they'll still be vulnerable to re-fracturing for another
week. This is for the bruising. This is for the cuts. And this is for
your teeth, because you clearly haven't been flossing."

"Hey! I have too," Harry protested, but drank it anyway. Ugh. He was
starting to get nauseous. Snape handed him three more potions without
bothering to explain what they were for. "Is all of this really
necessary?"

"Absolutely not. I just get a supreme thrill out of watching you turn
green. That last one was actually an anti-vomiting potions. You're
really going to feel the affects of all those potions in a minute here."

"You-"

Voldemort burst out laughing. Harry glared at him and then at Snape, who
smirked at him smugly.

"Welcome home, Mr. Potter."

---

Harry was supremely unhappy once they left Snape at the house. He hadn't
been entirely sure what sort of home coming he would be receiving from
his guardian, but he probably should have seen this coming. His stomach
rolled and squirmed, threatening to come up, but Harry knew it wouldn't.
Snape had made sure of that. The bastard.

He hoped everyone didn't decide to take a jab at him for his
quasi-kidnapping. If the Weasley clan banded together for it, he didn't
think he'd survive. Of course, the only people who knew he had allowed
himself to be taken were Voldemort, Snape, Lucius, and probably Morgan.
He'd have to be careful around Lucius for awhile.

"Where are we going?" Harry asked weakly, keeping his eyes closed to
stave off motion sickness. In lieu of the latest Slytherin prank, his
good humor towards Voldemort had shriveled for the day. No unnecessary
chit-chat this time.

"London. We're expected for a press interview. Don't worry; you won't
have to say anything. A few pictures proving you're actually here should
be more than enough. The kicked puppy look will tell them everything
they need to know."

"Except that it was you who kicked the puppy?"

Voldemort just smirked.

It took an hour to get to London, which was good because Harry feeling a
little better by then, although still not very talkative. They were in
the Court District, with all its various division houses, and it didn't
take long for Harry to figure out which one they were going to.

The couple *thousand* people crowded outside the Department of Public
Affairs was a fairly obvious give away. Harry could only gape at the
gathering. They couldn't *all* be reporters, but what where the others
doing there?

"Do they know I'm back?" Harry asked, unable to believe the crowd could
have been solely for him. He might be well known because of the
Triwizard Tournament and the kidnapping, but he wasn't *that* important…
was he?

"No, they only know I'm holding a press conference. If I had told them
what it was really about, we would have had to hold it in the London
Stadium. You've become something of a national icon in your absence, my
young friend. Your return is going to make a lot of people deliriously
happy."

"Then why are there so many people, if they don't know what this is
about?"

"I don't speak in public every day and only if it's about something
important to the country," Voldemort said, "This is the common man's
opportunity to see their ruler and history playing out at the same time.
These lucky few will be the first to know of your return, to see you
with their own eyes. This is a moment they will be able to share with
their children and their grandchildren."

Harry didn't know what to say to that. Part of him felt numb to it. He
wasn't sure if he could accept that he held that much significance to
complete strangers. It was mind boggling, even though he had known for
along time now that his life was not solely his own anymore.

Thank Merlin, he didn't have to talk today. He didn't think he'd be able
to do more than stutter like a fool under the weight of all that
attention.

The car pulled into the secret entrance garage at the back of the
building, where several Sentinels were there to meet them. So was Lucius
Malfoy. They stared at each other for a long assessing moment.

"I remember you being taller," Malfoy said at last.

"I remember you being younger."

Smirks all around. Harry was still careful not to leave his back exposed
to the Malfoy patriarch as they left the garage and made their way
towards the front doors. As they went, one of Voldemort's assistance
instructed him on where to stand and how to look and gave him a glass of
water he very obviously needed.

"Welcome back, Mr. Potter," the assistant whispered, sincerely, and
Harry managed a smile for him before following the Dark Lord. He had to
wait just inside the doors for the first few minutes while Voldemort
spoke, and during that time he could neither see nor hear what was
happening, and that made him more than a little nervous. He rubbed his
clammy hands on his robes and reminded himself that he didn't have to do
anything other than not fall on his face or start picking his nose and
everything would be fine. "Okay, now," the assistant said, and Harry
opened the door and stepped out.

And nearly ran back inside, as some three or four thousand people let
out a roaring cheer so loud that Harry could feel the vibration against
his skin. Cautiously, he stepped forward until he was standing beside
Voldemort. He smiled nervously, and photographers flashed their cameras
and a few audacious reports actually tried to rush passed the security
personnel.

"Mr. Potter when did you return? How did you manage to escape?"

"Mr. Potter, what happened while you were in Germany? How were you
treated?"

"Do you have any insights on why Germany attacked the Dark Lord?"

"Is there anything you would like to say to your captors?"

"Is there anything you would like to say to people of the UK?"

Voldemort lifted his wand, and enormous *BOOM* sounded through the air,
drowning out the reporters and the crowd instantly. Everyone was stunned
silent, including Harry, who hadn't been expecting it.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, please," Voldemort said congenially, a warning in
the undertone. "Harry has had a very difficult week, and is in no state
to be interrogated. When he is ready, there will be time for asking
questions. He kindly offered to show himself today to verify his
presence and well being to everyone who has shown such concern for him.
For which I am sure everyone is very grateful. I could not bring myself
to ask anything more of him."

Nor will anyone else, was left unsaid but clearly heard. Harry silently
marveled at the Dark Lord's way with words. He was a scary, scary man.
In the background, he could hear individual voices shouting out,
'welcome back Harry' and 'way to go Potter' and 'we love you, Harry'.

Voldemort gestured for him to take a seat and to rest, still in view of
the crowds and reporters but not at the forefront. The Dark Lord
continued to speak for a few more minutes, giving a few details of
Harry's return, primarily that he had managed to return using muggle
transportation and the help of werewolves (which left people gasping
rather melodramatically in Harry's opinion), and glossing over the fact
that Harry was in Britain for about four days before he let anyone know
exactly where he was. For this, Harry was grateful. He didn't fancy
Hermione finding out he had decided to go spelunking for a couple of
days instead of letting her know he was okay. Unless Lucius had already
known about it and saw fit to inform her and/or Draco.

By the end of Voldemort's announcement, Harry was not only feeling a bit
more relaxed, he was starting feel as if he owed the crowd something
more than just sitting there. Like the Dark Lord had said, these people
would be telling their children and grandchildren about this one day.
Might as well give them something to talk about.

As Voldemort moved to leave, the conference concluded, Harry caught him
lightly by the arm. He turned to him.

"What is it?"

"Do you think I could say something?" Harry asked. His mentor frowned, a
bit uncertain.

"Is it incriminating?"

"Er… no."

Voldemort took another moment to think about and finally nodded. "Keep
it brief."

Harry moved to the podium. The crowd that had already started to move
off, hesitated. He cleared his throat.

"I just wanted to say… thank you. I've been gone for a long time, and
while I was gone I thought of home and how much I missed it. Now that
I'm back, I see that home missed me, as well. It means more to me that I
can clearly express. Thank you all."

There was another deafening cheer and more shouts of 'we love you,
Harry's and he retreated back into the building with the Dark Lord, his
cheeks burning with embarrassment. He felt like such a sap.

Voldemort, just chuckled and patted him lightly on the head.

"Charming. Positively, charming."

---

McGunny was scared of muggles.

He was scared *shitless* of airplanes.

He could not conceive of how a multi-ton monstrosity could *roll* down a
'runway', let alone fly several thousand feet in the air. Crammed into
rows upon tightly pack rows were the muggles he was no longer invisible
from and hurtling through the air in a giant flying metal coffin, made
him wish he thought to pick up some calming draught before he left
wizarding Ireland, but it was too late now. He didn't dare accept the
strange little pills the old woman beside him had offered. Tom kept
insisting muggle medicine was poison to wizards.

McGunny wasn't sure he believed him, but he didn't dare risk it.

*You could always hand over control to me for a little while. Just until
we land, of course.*

He couldn't reply to Tom, not when there was a little old lady to the
right of him and dour looking man to his left, but he had no intention
of letting Tom out. True the spirit could force it, but even he knew
that was only temporary. McGunny's will to resist provided enough magic
to prevent a complete take over, but if he started surrendering it, he
doubted he would be able to regain control as easily. So he just closed
his eyes, grit his teeth, and did nothing.

It would only be about an hour, he told himself. Then we'll be on the
ground.

What happened after that, he couldn't even guess. Tom had some sort of
plan, but the spirit was more ambitious than cautious and he was afraid
to know the exact details. He knew it involved Dumbledore, and by
extension, Harry, and for that alone he hoped it failed.

At the same time, he really hoped Tom didn't get him killed.

---

When Harry returned to the garage with the Dark Lord, he was nearly
thrown to the floor by a hundred pounds of best friend. He had barely
stepped off the elevator, when out of the gloom came Hermione, with the
largest smile he had ever seen. She came so suddenly, he didn't have
time to protest when she wrapped herself around him in a hug, crushing
his bruises and abrading the burn on his chest.

He clenched his teeth to keep from crying out, and hugged her back.

"I can't believe it! I knew you were missing in Germany, but I didn't
know how you could have gotten home and was certain something awful had
happened to you, but here you are and you look a mess but still you're
alive and okay. Thank god, I missed you so much!" she babbled into his
shoulder. He smiled despite the pain.

"I missed you too. I got your letter. How could I stay away after that?"

She let out a sound, half sob, half laugh and pulled back. Her eyes were
bright with tears, but she was practically glowing with happiness. And
dammit, he was having a repeat of the 'Luna Moment'. Stupid teenage
hormones.

"I just can't believe it," she couldn't help but laugh. "I probably
should have though. You've never been in a situation you couldn't get
out of."

"Hey, you're making me sound very Slytherin when you say it like that."

"What's wrong with that?" came another familiar voice, and he looked up
to see Draco smirking at him. He looked… a lot taller than he did last
year. Stupid hormones, they're conspiring to keep him short and horney.
"And break it up you two or there will be some serious dueling over her
ladyship's honor."

"Draco!" Hermione protested, her cheeks burning. She did step away
though, and let him in to shake Harry's hand.

"Welcome back. How was your incarceration?"

"It was cold and the food was awful, but they did have an excellent
Quidditch Pitch. How was Hogwarts?"

"A lot more weepy Hufflepuffs than usual, but the food is still decent
and they put back together the Quidditch Pitch. Ron about gave himself a
coronary with the new Dueling Club recruits."

"Draco!"

Harry chuckled, "Sorry, I missed that."

"Honesty, the both of you of are incorrigible."

Someone touched his shoulder, and he turned to see Voldemort standing
there patiently.

"I hate to break up your reunion, but we must be going. I'm sure Severus
can arrange a get together later."

Hermione and Draco stiffened and nodded in agreement, and Harry sighed.

"Alright. I'll see you both soon. We can make a day of it so we can
catch up."

Hermione nodded, and stole one more quick hug before letting him go.
Draco rolled his eyes, and hauled her away. Voldemort and Harry got back
in the car.

"Where to now?" Harry asked.

"The Department of International Affairs. We're going to need a complete
and formal account of your time spent in abroad. After that, you'll be
taken home. No doubt, Severus still has a few more potions he wants you
to try."

Harry grimaced.

"You're enjoying this way too much."

---

Voldemort had made giving an account of his time in Germany sound like
nothing more than a simple errand, like buying shoes or visiting a sick
aunt, although if the sick aunt had been Vernon's sister, Marge, he
supposed it wasn't that far off the mark. It wasn't *just* a re-account
of what he wanted to say, it was an interrogation.

There had taken him to a court room, and sat him in a chair at the
center while some dozen or so others sat in the jury box, including
Voldemort, Lucius, and Morgan. He didn't recognize anyone else, but they
were all stern faced and unsympathetic. Harry knew it was an
intimidation tactic, to keep him off balanced, but despite knowing that
he couldn't fight back his genuine unease. They had made him hold a
large yellow crystal, about the size of a banana, and informed him it
would turn red if he lied.

There had been a professional interrogator, who appeared to be about the
only friendly person in the room that smiled and cajoled him to into
tell his story, pressing politely for more details, until Harry showed
any sort of reluctance. Then he turned into an irascible bully.

The crystal kept him from lying, but Harry quickly figured out that
omitting certain truths didn't affect the color of the crystal at all.
Thank Merlin. There were a lot of parts to the story he would rather
keep the Dark Lord ignorant of. He told them about the kidnapping
(leaving out that he could have thrown of the Imperius Curse if hadn't
been so conflicted), about deciding to play along with Viktor's
preconceived notions, his meeting with the German Minister, his meeting
with Dumbledore, his life at Durmstrang, his encounter with Fleur on the
docks and his short lived escape attempt and capture, his second meeting
with Dumbledore, the trip to see his parents' graves (although he
mentioned nothing of Carrigan and said only that Dumbledore had
indicated Voldemort was rotten even as a child, which amused the Dark
Lord considerable), the attack by the aurors, his escape, his capture by
the Canis family, the second Auror attack and his second escape, his
truce with Stephen, the full moon and the fairy wedding (at which point
everyone became very uncomfortable, and kept looking to Voldemort to
make sure Harry hadn't gone crazy), the crone's message (but not Bobby's
role in delivering it), the escape to France using a secret underground
tunnel Stephen had heard of, his visit to Fleur (but not his
confrontation with Viktor), and the final leg of the journey into
Britain via the chunnel, and the longer trip to the werewolf colonies.
Just for the hell of it, he also tossed out the Dark Lord beating the
crap out of him.

"You had it coming," Voldemort said, looking just as amused as Harry as
the other witnesses squirmed uncomfortably in the presence of their
Master's insanity.

"So did you."

And his protégé's insanity as well.

It lasted a little longer, the interrogator demanding he give up any
offers the Minister or Dumbledore or anyone else might have given him to
betray the country, which Harry did easily enough, and attempts to make
Harry second guess his decisions while away, which he did not. A few of
the witnesses even asked questions, but only petty details and personal
curiosities. His story was so fantastic that no one could think of
anything he might have withheld without making themselves sound utterly
absurd for asking.

Finally, they had thanked him for his cooperation and let him go.

"Victoria will take you home," Voldemort informed him, "I must stay and
analyze the new intelligence your story has provided."

"Fun," Harry said blandly. He was starting to feel exhaustion creep up
on him again, stress and fatigue taking their toll. Voldemort ruffled
his hair affectionately.

"Get some rest, today was only the beginning of a very long, busy
summer."

It was the first time since his return, which Harry wondered if he was
going regret coming back.

---

Victoria was careful not to hug him when she dropped him off at the
cottage. She had seen his grimace of discomfort when Hermione had done
so, and known he was injured when she had first picked him up. Instead,
she squeezed his hand gently in hers and kissed his cheek, and told him
she was happy that he was home.

As he wandered up the path to the cottage, he wondered if he would get
sick of hearing that. 'I'm happy you're back'. 'I'm glad you're okay'.
'Welcome home'. Some how he doubted it.

He went to the side door leading into the kitchen, rather than the
front, and stepped inside.

"I'm ho- who are you?!" he blurted, more than a little startled to find
a woman standing at the sink, filling a kettle with water. She gave a
startled little squeak of her own, and dropped the kettle. Harry almost
instantly relaxed. Her wand did not appear, and by all accounts her wide
brown eyes looked far more frightened of him than he did of her. She had
an honest face, no make up and freckled brown from the sun.

"Oh," she said faintly, staring at the wand that had automatically
jumped into his hand. He quickly pushed it back up his sleeve,
embarrassed by the slip. "I'm sorry. We-we haven't been introduced. I'm
Ira Beadle. I've been looking after Professor Snape for the last few
days."

He blinked at her. Taking care of Snape?

"Oh," he said, "I'm Harry. Nice to meet you."

She smiled timidly.

"Your kettle is overflowing."

She let out another little squeak and spun around, turning off the
water. Quickly pouring out the excess water, she moved the kettle to the
stove and turned it on.

"Sorry, sorry. I was just making some tea. Professor Snape is in his
lab. He should be resting, but he's really very stubborn. Of course, I'm
sure you know that already."

Harry nodded, just watching her run about with a growing confusion.

"I'm sorry, but… he didn't mention you when I was here earlier. Are
you...?"

He wanted to ask if she were a maid or a cleaning woman, but if she
weren't that would sound extremely rude. He struggled to find an
appropriate term. "…from town?"

Er… at least it didn't sound rude.

"Town? Oh no, I'm from London," she said, seeming to realize he really
was confused about the entire situation. "I don't know if he told you,
but Professor Snape… had something of an accident about a week ago while
in London. He's an associate of my stepfather, so we looked after him at
our flat for a little while. He insisted on coming home early. Stubborn,
you know. So I've been dropping by to make sure he doesn't overdo it."

"That sounds like the professor, alright," Harry sighed. "Don't get
carried away. He'll take advantage of anyone doing the housework for
him."

"I don't mind. With classes out, I don't have much else to do. Besides,
the countryside is much more relaxing than London in the summer."

They fell into conversation, a bit awkward at first but gradually it
began to lighten. Ira was easily into her thirties, but she had such a
sweet and vaguely insecure air about her that she seemed much younger.
She worked as a research assistant at the London University of
Witchcraft and Wizardy, and loved her job but hated the city. Crowded,
she said, and noisy all the time. She definitely knew who he was, but
she didn't ask him any questions about what had happened to him and he
was grateful for that. He was getting tired of rehashing it after the
third time.

They shared tea and conversation for nearly an hour, and when it came
time he helped her perpare dinner by peeling vegetables and shucking
corn. At some point, Snape dragged himself upstairs for a cup of tea.

"My god, there's two of you now," he muttered.

"If you could take care of yourself, it wouldn't even be an issue," Ira
said pointedly. He glared at her.

"At least, I own my own house."

When she flinched, Harry's hero complex kicked in.

"Which Voldemort gave you," Harry said. "Don't get self-righteous,
Professor, it's really unbefitting of a Slytherin."

"You're right, that's more a Gryffindor trait," he sneered.

"Quite right. We're perfect like that. Still overpaying for eggs?"

Snape just glowered at him, and headed back towards his potions lab.

"Tell me when dinner's ready."

After the door slammed, Harry turned to Ira, and Ira turned to Harry,
and they both burst out into laughter.

---
