# Kings & Princes

It occurred to Snape after leaving the hospital that perhaps his
physician wasn't a *complete* idiot when he said it would be unwise to
move for another day, and then as little as possible for a week.
Whatever internal damage he had acquired due to McGunny's spell had been
repaired, but it certainly didn't feel that way as he walked through the
city streets. His insides felt bruised, and with every step he could
feel each individual organ and muscle throb.

He had pocketed the Pain Relief potion prescribed to him without taking
any, knowing once he did his investigative ability would evaporate and
he may as well just lay around like a log, just as the medi-wizard had
suggested. If the pain proved just as mentally debilitating as the
potion he might consider taking some later.

"What's happened?" he asked a young man, a student most likely, crowded
outside McGunny's room in the hall. There were nearly half a dozen other
tenants there as well, looking curiously at the open door, but kept at
bay by the glowing green line just outside of it. Inside, he could see a
pair of Sentinels wandering around the room, taking pictures and
collecting evidence.

"Someone got attacked this morning. *Really* early this morning. Woke up
half the building."

"Really?" Snape said, feigning surprise. "Was anybody hurt?"

Another person, possibly the young man's girlfriend, eagerly butted in.

"Yeah, the guy who lived here was really messed up. The landlady had to
take him to the hospital, but he should be okay. It's a crazy world
though. I've been here for two years and nothings like this has happened
before, and here this poor guy wasn't even here a week and it happened
to him. Isn't it a crying shame?"

"Quite," Snape agreed solemnly. "Perhaps some of us should send him some
flowers. Do you know what hospital he was sent to?"

"That's good idea. I think he was taken to the university hospital. It's
the closest. You could always ask the landlady to be sure. She should be
in her office."

"Thank you, I'll go do that."

He did not go to question the landlady, who unlike the young gawkers
would know he wasn't another tenant and likely have been suspicious, but
went straight to the university hospital. The nurse at the reception
desk told him quite plainly that Mr. McGunny was not there, but
something about her nervous, almost embarrassed expression told him that
at one point he had been. Checking the sign-in roster proved that Mrs.
Trudy McGunny had arrived to visit her son earlier that morning. She had
not signed out yet.

When the nurse was once again distracted, he continued his search in the
halls. It didn't take long to find what he was looking for. The patient
observation floor was nearly full, medi-wizards, nurses, interns,
patients, and visitors roamed the crowded hallways, making it simple for
him go unnoticed as he read the names of the medical files sitting in
the slots beside every door. Within minutes, he found a file with
McGunny's name printed on it. The door was already ajar and he could
hear voices coming from inside.

"He is not *lost*. For heaven's sake, he's not an idiot," a woman said,
frustrated and impatient. "He could have easily asked someone to help
him find his way back. It's been over two hours."

"Er, yes, well… he was pretty heavily medicated. He probably stepped
outside for something and got confused. I'm sure we'll find him napping
in one of the other patient rooms or something similarly harmless. Don't
worry-"

"You keep telling me not to worry, but what else am I suppose to do? My
son was *attacked* last night and now he's missing, and you expect me to
not worry?"

"Madam, please-"

Snape walked away, cursing. He had missed his chance, by two hours
apparently. His next stop would have been the boy's family home, but
obviously that lead was already bust. Just as well, it saved him a trip
to Salisbury.

He took a short break for lunch, ate some very bland soup (the only
thing he didn't think would cause him agony to digest), took a few sips
of pain potion, and tried to think of what to do next. He ended up
returning to McGunny's apartment, by now devoid of investigators and
gawkers, broke the ward to get inside (he had been to enough crime
scenes to know how), and looked for any clues of where the young man may
have gone or what might have been wrong with him.

He searched the most obvious places, the desk, chest, drawers, and
closet, but came up with nothing. The only even slightly questionable
thing was the closet, which had been expanded into a little sun room
with a large skylight. There was only one feeble little plant in it, but
if McGunny had only been there a few days he probably hadn't had the
time to get any more. He was just starting to search the floorboards and
the wall panels for hiding places, when it struck him.

Why would McGunny bother making a sun room for a plant he could just as
easily have placed on his desk?

He went back to investigate the plant.

It was just a tiny thing, barely a sprig with two tri-lobed leaves, not
that dissimilar from a maple. It was not a maple though. In fact, Snape
couldn't identify it at all, and being a potions master with a rather
vast mental encyclopedia of plants, that was a bit suspicious. He gave
it a cursory sniff to see if he could identify it by smell. He cringed
away. It reeked of spoiled blood.

---

Harry waited till late that morning to wake up Stephen and his family,
tossing them their clothes and kicking them lightly on the feet. The
look Stephen gave him when he finally opened his eyes promised death.
Harry just smiled down at him, cheekily.

"Wake up, Sunshine. It's time to get dressed."

It suddenly occurred to Stephen that he was very naked… and so was his
wife.

"Turn around, you little perv!"

Harry snorted.

"Like I haven't seen naked people before. I've spent the night at
werewolf colonies during the full moon. Hundreds of naked people all
over the place."

Stephen chucked a rock at him, which Harry avoided easily. "Alright,
alright. Just get dressed. I need to talk to you about something."

Harry moved a ways down the clearing to a nest of boulders, and sat
himself on top of one. Bobby appeared from out of the tree line and
settled himself beside him. The raven had been hovering all morning, and
Harry wasn't so sure what to make of it. Surely his master would be
expecting him back once Harry had received his message from Madris.
Speaking of which…

"Who is your master, Bobby? Were they at the party last night?"

The raven tilted his head curiously at him. "My master is dead. Dead for
a long time."

"I'm sorry," Harry said sincerely. "But why are you helping me?"

"Because I choose to."

"Yes, but why?"

He tilted his head in the other direction, and Harry got the impression
he was supremely amused. "You'll make a fine new master. If you don't
get blown up."

The young Gryffindor blinked at him. Oh no, most definitely not…

"Listen, Bobby, you're really interesting and all, but I've already got
an owl… and a snake…and a godfather who can turn into dog. I don't think
I can handle another familiar."

Bobby seemed to consider this for a moment then gave a little birdy nod.

"Okay. Then you can be my familiar. Ha ha."

Before Harry could protest, the raven had already flown off, laughing to
himself as he went. The boy shook his head and wondered if the bird
wasn't channeling Fred or George. A minute or so later, Stephen made an
appearance, not looking any more happy to be awake than before.

"Where the fuck are we? What happened to the ward you put up? Don't tell
me that was just a bunch of BS."

Something about irritating Stephen amused Harry or perhaps he was just
feeling really good at the moment, but he couldn't keep the smile off
his face.

"It's a bit complicated, but you don't have to get upset. You all
weren't in any danger. I think you actually had a pretty good time. I
know I did."

"Would you just spit it out already? This mysterious crap is just making
you come off as a pervert. What did you want to talk about?"

Harry decided to have mercy on him… well, that and he didn't want to
piss off the guy who was going to be taking him home.

"I think I'd like to go back to Britain after all."

Stephen just stared at him for a minute then glared suspiciously.

"Seriously?"

"Seriously."

"What made you change your mind? Isn't the Dark Lord trying to kill you
or something?"

"I don't know, but I know it's safe enough for me to return now."

"How do you know that?"

Harry really couldn't help himself. It was just too perfect.

"A little birdie told me so."

---

McGunny was scared of muggles. Strange as that was, with all his power
and pragmaticism, it was now an undeniable truth. For all of his life, a
muggle had always been nothing more than an accepted idea, like great
white sharks and Polynesians. Something you knew existed, but would
never meet. Standing in the middle of a muggle department store, in the
middle of an enormous building called a 'mall', surrounded by hundreds
of these 'accepted ideas', McGunny was very close to having a panic
attack.

At any moment he expected the notice-me-not charm on himself to fail and
for dozens of people to suddenly turn to him and shout 'DEMON!' Exactly
what would happen after than, McGunny wasn't entirely sure. Logically,
he could just apparate away and that would be the end of it, but for the
life of him he couldn't bring himself to calm down. Tom was getting very
irritated with him.

*Honestly,* the spirit grumbled, *you're being ridiculous. Being scared
of muggles is like being scared of boggarts. They're only scary if you
imagine they are.*

"Yes, well I wouldn't feel very comfortable walking through store full
of boggarts either. Just tell me what we need so I can get out of here."

*You tell me. We're looking for*your*clothes.*

Very true. They had already picked up a traveler's trunk from another
store, and were now wandering around the largest clothing store McGunny
had ever seen in order to fill it. The wizarding world have very few
large corporations, and those few corporations were centered around
specific products not the stores that sold them. McGunny hadn't been in
a store not owned by a single family his entire life. Walking around the
monstrosity known as 'Macy's' was dizzying.

It didn't help that he only recognized about half the items being sold,
and that only twenty-five percent of the clothing being sold there would
be anything a wizard would be caught dead wearing (although the women's
section proved considerably more aesthetic if not for the complete lack
of modesty in the juniors department). It drew out an already
nerve-wracking experience.

Guilt, however, never factored in. He couldn't find it in himself to
feel bad about the actual items he was stealing, because as much
*junk*as this place had, he didn't think anyone would notice a couple of
missing socks.

If it weren't for all the muggles, the Ravenclaw thought he might
actually have enjoyed himself. He walked all over the place, sometimes
picking up something he would wear and sometimes to just stare and
wonder at myriad of strange items scattered around the store. What the
hell was a camcorder anyway?

*Another feeble attempt by muggles to be more like wizards,* Tom
sneered. McGunny didn't even bother to point out that since muggles
supposedly didn't believe in wizards anymore, his comment didn't make
much sense.

"How long should I pack for?" he asked instead.

*A very long time.*

What else had he been expecting?

---

Chief Sentinel Andreas Morgan never really left the office. It followed
him where ever he went, and home was no exception. Or rather it followed
him to Erica's house. As far as he was concerned, the office *was* his
home, and the only room in the London flat he shared with his wife he
truly felt comfortable in was the study he set up solely for that
purpose.

"I hope you like the peach marmalade, dear. Lydia just came back from
visiting her cousin in the country, and brought us back a jar. She's
such a sweet girl. I never could figure out why she and Ira didn't hit
it off. They have so much in common… " Erica said lightly, continuing on
with her usual inane chatter. Morgan didn't particularly like to chatter
himself (which was good because he could barely get a word in edgewise
once his wife got started), but with a career mired in conspiracy,
terrorism, government cover-ups, espionage, and war, he liked to be
reminded of the much simpler lives of the rest of his fellow citizens
that he was helping to protect. And there were very few people as simple
as Erica.

"Lydia and I have absolutely nothing in common," Ira said, joining them
in the dining room. "Good afternoon, mother. Good afternoon, Andreas."

Morgan nodded politely to his stepdaughter, and continued with his
lunch.

"Oh really, what do you have against Lydia? Certainly, she's better
company than your bugs."

"I could write a treatise to the contrary."

"Honestly! No man, no friends, and only creepy crawlies for company.
You're turning into a-"

*Riiiiinnnggg.*

Everyone in the room gave a startled jolt, and Erica dropped her cup,
spilling coffee into her egg salad. The matron of the house let out an
irritated huff.

"I hate that thing! It scares me every time."

*Riiiiinnnggg.*

Morgan, however, felt a jolt of excitement. There were only a handful of
witches and wizards who even knew *how* to work the muggle telephone,
and only three of them knew his telephone number. He stood from the
table and went to his study.

*Riiiiinnnggg.*

The phone was in the old style, black and elegantly carved. He picked up
the receiver and placed it to his ear, mentally reminding himself not to
shout into it.

"Hello?"

"*Good afternoon."*

Morgan stiffened, instantly recognizing the voice on the other line.

"Mr. Potter."

"… *Chief Sentinel Morgan, isn't it? I would have thought someone else
would be manning the Court phones."*

"How did you get this number?"

"*A mutual friend. He's here with me now if you want to speak to him,
but I'm afraid we don't have much time to spare. I only had enough
change for a five minute call."*

"Where are you?"

"*Some place I won't be in about five minutes. I only called to tell you
I'm on my way. I'll leave it to you to inform all relevant parties."*

Morgan couldn't help but be surprised. The boy intended to return on his
own? He wanted to ask why, but then thought better of it.

"Do you require any assistance?"

"*Just tell me how to get back into the country. I'll take care of the
res myselft."*

If only his own men were so efficient.

"Are you familiar with the 'Chunnel'?"

"*Yes."*

"That's your best bet. It's the only way you can get directly into
Britain from the mainland. Otherwise, you'll have to take a boat to
Ireland, and take the floo network from there. Any above ground travel
into Britain is likely to kill you."

"*Good to know.*"

"There's something else. If you take the Chunnel, you'll have to get to
France. Assuming you can do that, things get tricky. France doesn't
allow the use of unregistered wands, and they have means of finding
people who use them. If you use your wand, an alarm will go out and
you'll find yourself in the custody of the French Wizarding Guard. I
have no way of knowing if they'll return you to Britain or send you back
to Germany, and I would rather not find out, so once you cross the
border you can't use your wand for anything, not to hide yourself or
shrink your luggage or fend off muggles. Nothing."

"…*Shit. We'll need to buy tickets... no we're not robbing a bank in
Germany…because my guardian believes in corporal punishment… no, you
would not like him. He'd blame you for corrupting me and turn you into a
rug…I don't know Noah, he'd probably turn you into a hat or something…
Shut up, Bobby...*" Who else was there? There replies were too far away
to make out. When Potter spoke again it was directed at Morgan. "*That
may be a bit problematic. We're essentially broke here. Don't suppose I
could borrow a couple hundred Euros? No, never mind. We'll figure
something out. I'll contact you again later."*

"Potter-"

The line went dead. The cheeky little bugger. Morgan almost smiled, but
movement out of the corner of his eyes stole the opportunity. Erica and
Ira were standing at the study door, both wide-eyed and perfectly
silent. He had forgotten how quiet women could be when they wanted to
snoop. He glowered at both of them.

"What exactly did you hear?"

For once, Erica couldn't seem to find anything to say and just sort of
floundered for a bit. Ira, however, was more curious than cautious.

"That was Harry Potter, wasn't it? And he's trying to get back home… on
his own… without magic… and probably a lot of people after him."

So they heard everything. He seriously hoped that wouldn't prove
problematic later. He didn't like messing with people's memories,
particularly in his own house. It tended to make people flakey or
paranoid.

"Essentially," he said darkly, pleased when she flinched. "Since you
seem so interested in matters of national security, you can assist me. I
need to go to talk to the Dark Lord. I want you to find Professor Snape
and inform him there has been a development in the Potter case. He'll
know where he needs to go."

She looked ready to protest, but then thought better of it. In all
honesty, she had nothing better to do. And she was interested. Very,
very interested. Perhaps if she helped now, he would tell her more
later… or maybe Snape would tell her something. Impossible wretch though
he was.

"Very well. Where can I find him?"

"He should still be at St. Mungo's. He was attacked last night in
London. If he's already checked out, he should be at Malfoy Manor.
Erica, you stay here and wait by the phone. If it rings, take a message.
And whatever you do, don't give them your real name."

Ira frowned at the mention of an attack on the professor, but Morgan was
already heading towards the living room where the floo was located,
ignoring Erica's protests and unlikely to answer her questions. She
decided Snape had probably said something obnoxious to the wrong person
and got into a tussle. It couldn't have been too bad if he was supposed
to check out today.

"Well, that's that," she sighed. "I best do as he says. I'll see you
later, mother."

She kissed her still flustered mother on the cheek, and headed for the
door. She hated the floo and the hospital wasn't far, so she decided to
walk. Half an hour later she walked into St Mungo's main lobby and
learned Snape had already checked himself out. She apparated to
Nottingham, and from there hired a carriage to take her to the Malfoy
Estate, inaccessible by apparation or floo.

A house elf greeted her at the gates, and once she told him her
business, it disappeared with a loud 'pop'. A few minutes later, the
gates opened, and the carriage brought her to the manor house. Narcissa
Malfoy met her on the marble steps personally, and this made Ira more
than a little nervous. It was no secret that Lady Malfoy could be down
right dangerous if you got on her bad side.

"Ms. Beadle," she greeted stiffly with a slight inclination of her head.
Ira made a subtle curtsey.

"Lady Malfoy, thank you for seeing me."

The older woman dismissed her greeting with a wave of the hand. "I am
afraid your errand is in vain. Professor Snape is not here."

Now Ira was getting frustrated. She had spent nearly an hour trying to
find him, and he just didn't seem to want to be found. Not by her at
least. She did her best to keep the frustration from her voice when
addressing her host.

"I see. Do you know where he might be?"

Now here Lady Malfoy looked annoyed, and Ira wondered if she weren't in
trouble.

"On some stupid, manly mission of revenge, no doubt. Couldn't even wait
for his hand to heal, the fool."

Ira didn't know what to say to that, so she kept quiet. The older woman
let out an annoyed sighed. "He'll stumble back here at some point. Would
you like me to leave him a message?"

"Ah…yes. Would you tell him Chief Sentinel Morgan needs to speak with
him as soon as possible?"

"Can I ask what about?" There was a definite glint of curiosity, but Ira
wasn't sure if Morgan would care if she knew or not.

"He didn't tell me," she said, and Lady Malfoy seemed to accept that. It
wasn't like Ira had any business know *anything* about what her
stepfather did. "I'm sorry to have taken up your time. Thank you again."

She walked back to the carriage, unaware of Lady Malfoy's speculative
look as she climbed inside and out of view. As the carriage left the
Malfoy Estate, Ira was stuck with the question of what to do now.
Andreas had intended for her to find Snape, but he couldn't have known
the man would prove so difficult. Unfortunately, she had no way of
contacting her stepfather about her difficulties, and this matter was
definitely an important one.

Harry Potter was trying to come home. The thought of the child
attempting it all on his own, was both frightening and captivating. What
kind of a person must he be to do that? She, like so many of her fellow
countrymen, had read the papers and heard of his many fantastical
exploits, and she often felt like a school girl reading a favorite book.
One where the hero triumphs against impossible odds and gets the girl at
the end. Her brief visit with the boy's guardian had shaken her image of
the boy, however. The guardian had laughed. Not a cruel laugh really,
but a very tired one, tinged with irony. What did Snape know that she
didn't? Afterwards, she had started to think about it, *really* think
about it, and realized something.

Harry Potter was surrounded by people who terrified Ira. Lord Voldemort
wasn't even the worst of them, and he was formidable all his own. There
was also Bellatrix Lestrange, Lucius Malfoy, various people who tried to
kill him, and werewolves and others whose vicious reputations preceded
them. The more she thought about it, the more impressed she was with
him. If she had been in his position, she would have curled up on the
floor at St. Mungo's by now.

And he was coming back to that. He was willingly and intentionally
coming back to that.

If he was willing to that, Ira decided, the least she could do was make
sure his guardian knew about it. She needed to try something clever and
unexpected. Something Harry Potter might do.

---

"Not far now, my darling familiar," Bobby sang as he soared beside
Harry's window. Inky black feathers glistened in the afternoon sun,
guiding them through the plains to a place not listed on any map.

"Bobby, for the last time, I'm not your familiar. And are you *sure*
it's still there?"

"Yes, yes. I know these things. The fae only wish they could get their
hands on me for all these things I know."

Harry hoped that was true, because as far as he could tell Bobby was
leading them absolutely nowhere. The road had turn to gravel miles back,
and he was starting feel the beginnings of car sickness again. At least
they were out of the mountains, the land spreading out around in vast
fields, broken by the occasional wooded glen and shallow river that
flowed down from the mountains. The air here had the cleanliness of the
mountains, but not the eerie feeling the fae of the forest left on their
lands.

"I cannot believe we're following a bird," Stephen muttered, for
probably the hundredth time. The werewolf's dislike of magical beings,
his wife not withstanding, left him leery of Bobby. The raven's
insistence that it knew a secret route to get passed the wards
surrounding Germany made him down right reticent. However, they were
following Harry, the only one who genuinely seemed to want to help them
and actually had the capability of doing so.

And Harry was following Bobby.

"Don't worry about it. Even if this falls through, it's not like we're
not heading in the right direction. There has to be a dozen different
places to cross the Rhine around here."

"The Bridges will all be monitored," Stephen pointed out.

"Then we'll find someone to take us across by boat. They can't monitor
every muggle tugboat and dingy out there," Sylvia pointed out.

By now, the children were all starting to come out of their post
transformation lethargy, and were actually starting to get excited.
Harry's tale of the night before and Bobby's confirmation of it had them
giddy. They had also never seen so much open space in their young,
disadvantaged lives, and were eager to explore this strange new world.

"Are we going to live in France?" John asked, uncertain of the idea.

"No, baby, we're not going to live in France. We're going somewhere even
better."

"Like England?"

There was an uncertain silence, and Stephen spoke first. "I don't know.
I don't know how the English handle werewolves."

There was a pointed look at Harry, which made him feel rather silly for
not having told them all about it sooner. Of course, earlier they hadn't
been allies, and once they were they were usually too busy with other
things.

"It's a lot different than here," Harry said. "Probably as different as
you can get. Werewolves don't live with other wizards or muggles. They
live in… colonies… or clans I guess. Packs. There are territories all
over the UK, mostly woodlands, where only werewolves live. And all the
werewolves live in these territories, and they can't leave but no one
else can enter either, and it's… kind of a feudal era setup. They build
their own houses and hunt their own food, but they also had trading
posts where they can exchange goods with wizards without crossing into
each other's spaces. They're actually pretty rich. They have a monopoly
on the fur and potion ingredient's market, and Voldemort is a friend of
the Head Alpha."

"Head Alpha?"

"He's sort of… the werewolf king, I guess. All the packs have an alpha,
a chieftain, they follow, but all the alphas still have to follow the
Head Alpha. He's kind of a jerk actually, but he does a good job. No one
ever goes cold or hungry, as far as I can tell. He throws really great
parties during the summer solstice."

Stephen gave him an odd look out of the corner of his eye. "You've met
him? This werewolf king?"

Harry gave him sardonic grin. "Oh yes. He tried to turn me into a
werewolf once. Oh, and he almost killed my godfather, who also happens
to be the next in line for Head Alpha, and part of the reason why we can
all be such good friends during the full moon."

"…That explains a whole lot, and is at the same time extremely
confusing."

Bobby flew in through the car window and landed in Harry's lap,
distracting them once again.

"Turn off the road here. There's an abandoned manor house a little ways
up. Beyond that is the entrance to the tunnel. Humans don't know about
it anymore. Not muggles or wizards."

Harry stroked Bobby's back gently, conveying his appreciation, which the
raven definitely seemed to enjoy it.

"Then how do you know about it?"

"The dwarves know about it. They use it every couple of years to move
their goods. They'd trust a tunnel under a river rather than a bridge
over a river any day."

"And wizards don't know about it?"

"Humans make nasty thieves. Wizards are the nastiest. Too smart and too
dumb at the same time. Except for you, of course. You're a doll."

Harry rolled his eyes. Sure enough though, after a minute or so they
came upon an abandoned manor house, easily four hundred years old, the
windows all empty of glass and the stone infested with ivy. It would
have been a great place to explore, but they didn't want to linger
anywhere for long. The tunnel entrance was behind the house, disguised
as a tomb. All around lay the graves of the land's previous owners, the
names worn away by time and the elements. The rusted iron gate blocking
the entrance practically disintegrated in his hand as he and Stephen
pulled it open.

"What do you think?" Stephen asked, looking down into the darkness, "Do
you think the car will fit?"

"For right now, yeah, but it'll be tight. We won't be able to open the
doors once inside, and if it gets narrower or turns too sharply? We'd be
in trouble. Bobby, how familiar are you with this tunnel?"

Bobby was perched on the iron gate, looking inside rather curiously
himself.

"I've never been inside," he said, "It shouldn't get any narrower. The
dwarves have very large carts for being such short people."

They thought about it for a minute or so, and Stephen made the decision.

"It's can't be that far. Two or three miles at the most. You and I will
walk in front, Sylvia will drive the car behind us with the head lights
on. If we hit any obstacles, we can move them out of the way or break
the windows and help them crawl out, and we'll all walk the rest of the
way."

And that's what they did. With the car's headlights shining behind them,
Stephen and Harry lead the way into the darkness. The tunnel itself was
in good repair, probably by the dwarves who were very finicky about
their tunnels, but also cold and wet and very, very dark. To stave off
claustrophobia, they talked about Harry's experience with werewolves in
his home country.

Harry told them about the Summer Solstice celebration, about the Moon
Goddess they worshiped, the Head Alpha Fenrir Greyback, his godfathers
Sirius Blackbone and Remus Slivermoon, about the goddess possessed Luna
and now Diana, about the trades, the foods, the fights, the arts, and
everything Harry could think of. He wasn't exactly trying to convince
Stephen that he might be happy amongst one of Greyback's packs, but he
held such a fondness for the people it more than likely reflected in his
descriptions. Stephen said very little; accept to ask for examples or
for him to elaborate every so often. For the most part, he remained deep
in thought. Bobby, who rode on Harry's shoulder the entire way, remained
nearly as attentive and even quieter.

What felt like hours later, though it couldn't have been more than one,
they saw the faint glow of sunlight in the distance, which grew brighter
and brighter with every step. At its end, they were bathed in the heat
of the summer air, the chill of the underground and their own soaking
wet feet, began to warm in the light.

Turning to one another, they couldn't help but grin and laugh. They had
made it. They were free. Now they just had to get home.

---

"Professor Snape!"

The potions master stiffened and turned, mentally cursing himself for
not realizing he was being followed before hand. He was exhausted and in
more than a little pain, but that was no excuse. It could have been
McGunny coming up behind him to finish what he started the night before.
Fortunately, it was not the elusive little hellion, but a woman he
thought vaguely familiar.

"Madam?" he said cautiously, as she hurried towards him as fast she
could without knocking into anyone on the busy walk way. It was a little
after five, and most everyone was heading home for the evening or out to
eat, crowding shoulder to shoulder with their fellow Londoners. Snape
very much wanted to go home himself, but thought he might have to settle
for a hotel. With no further leads for finding McGunny, he had visited
the local flower shops in hopes of identifying the plant, and its
significance if any. No one had known what to make of it, and he was
thinking he would have to try Knockturn Alley for answers, but he knew
better than to attempt it in his current condition. He would have to try
again in the morning, unless the woman before him had a reason for
stopping him. He seriously hoped not. He was tired.

"Professor Snape, thank goodness I found you. I've been looking
everywhere for you," she said, breathing heavily from her pursuit. She
looked him up and down, and frowned critically. "You're a mess, sir. You
should be in bed."

"Very true," he said blandly, and turned to leave, "I was just about to
do just that."

"Wait! You probably don't remember me, but we met at the court a few
days ago. You laughed at me."

Oh, yes, now he remembered. Myra or Ira or something Beadle, the bug
woman. He turned back to her, and waited expectantly.

"I have a message from my stepfather." She looked around at the crowd of
people, and then at Snape, her brows furrowed in uncertainty. "I think
you should come home with me, Professor. You're in no shape to be about,
and this is sensitive information. Would you please come with me?"

He thought to protest, remind her that taking home men she barely knew
would do her reputation no good, but he was tired and she was already
signaling for a coach. Plus she had already taken his plant from him,
and he wasn't about ready to wrestle her for it in the middle of the
sidewalk with only one good hand. When the coach pulled up for them, he
climbed into the cabin and leaned back into the seat, fighting off the
urge to sleep. If he wasn't careful he'd collapse for certain.

"How did you find me?" he asked, genuinely curious, if a bit tired.

"It wasn't easy. None of the tracking spells I tried seemed to work, and
neither the hospital or Lady Malfoy seemed to know where you had gone.
It's a good thing I have a few tricks up my sleeve."

From her sleeve, she pulled out what looked like a silver toothpick, but
when she brought it to her mouth it wasn't to clean her teeth. A little
chirp, not unlike a cricket emanated from the tiny instrument, and a
moment later a large black moth fluttered towards her and landed on her
outstretched pinky. Snape was a bit alarmed to realize that it had come
from somewhere in the folds of his robes.

"This is Marty," she told him. "He a breed of moth in the*Saturniidae*
family. A very interesting species. A male can find a single female
within six miles using only molecules it catches in its antennae. That's
a hundred times more sensitive than a dog's nose. I've been training
them at the university to find people for law enforcement purposes.
Congratulations. You're the first successful trial."

"Honored, to be sure," he said flatly. "Now, perhaps, you can tell me
why you went through the bother?"

She blinked and suddenly became more flustered. Apparently, she had been
more prepared in finding him, than actually speaking with him.

"Of course. My stepfather received a call… I mean he was contacted by
Mr. Potter today."

Snape grimaced. That was all he needed. Potter come to make things more
complicated and uncomfortable *again.*

"But of course. Is he still in one piece?"

"I didn't get to speak with him myself, but I don't believe he was
injured. He informed Andreas that he was coming home. I don't know if he
said when or where exactly. Andreas told me to find you and said you
would know what needed to be done. Though, I don't think he knew you
were wandering around London, hunting muggers and shopping for house
plants at the time."

"It's for a potion," Snape said quickly. "I meant to pick it up
yesterday, but I didn't factor in the random malice of the universe."

She nodded. "You should stay at the house tonight. Andreas should be
back eventually, and you can talk more with him then."

"You live with your stepfather?"

Ira blushed, embarrassed. At twenty nine, she knew very well she should
have a husband and children, or at the very least her own apartment, but
life hadn't been considerate of society's expectations.

"For now," was all she answered, and quickly changed the subject. "What
is Harry Potter like?"

"Trouble some," Snape said, and by his tone he meant it. "Everything he
touches gets complicated."

She gave him a long, hard (or as hard as she seem capable of) look,
frowning thoughtfully. "Do you not like him?"

The potions master laughed softly, a quieter version of the laugh he'd
had at the Court. "Like I said. Complicated. Now please be quiet. I need
to think."

They rode the rest of the way in silence.

---

Fleur expected to come home to an empty house. Her parents and sister
were off in Séte, sailing their yacht and soaking up the sun. She had to
stay behind, her apprenticeship at the Royal Military Academy of Paris
keeping her close to home. In another week, she would be assigned to a
Master, and would be living under his or her roof while attending the
Academy. For now, she just had to mentally prepare herself for the
separation, this one more final than any she had had while attending
Beauxbatons or even Hogwarts. When she left home, it would be as an
adult, and she ached with both pride and homesickness at the thought of
it.

Pride and homesickness were the furthest thing from her mind, however,
when she came home not to an empty house, but Harry Potter sitting on
her doorstep. His hair was Weasley Orange, and his glasses were no where
in sight, but even so she knew instantly it was him when he grinned at
her.

She blinked at him dumbly for a moment, and then grinned back. She threw
her arms around him and laughed.

"You scallywag," she said in English. "'Ow did you get 'ere? You are
zupost to be running wild in Germany. Zey say you were abducted by Death
Eaters, and zen zey say you are a werewolf. Pah! No one believes it."

"That's good, cause it's utter bollocks."

"'Urry, now, come inside before anyone sees you."

They stepped in her house, and he let out an appreciative whistle at the
granite floors and high arching ceilings. The entire place was a mix of
Arte Nouveau and Baroque, an elegant combination of curves and extreme
detail. It was beautiful and contemporary by wizarding standards, and
Harry thought it suited Fleur every well. There were no house elves, but
a maid was there to accept their cloaks and offer refreshment. Harry
watched her nervously, but Fleur assured him that Nadia was well trained
in the art of discretion. If she knew who Harry was, she would never
admit it.

To anyone.

They went into the study, however, and closed the doors. Harry
highlighted what had happened, firstly about the Auror attack in the
cemetery, then about Stephen picking him up and telling him that it was
safe to return to Britain (a little fib, but he didn't have time to get
into the entire complicated mess) and that they were werewolves, and
then of the second Auror attack and their inability to escape to the
North Sea, about his acquiring Bobby in the Black Forest and him leading
them into France, and finally that the Canis family were hanging out in
a park around the corner and waiting for him. They intended to spend the
night in Paris and head into Britain the next morning. Which brought him
to the real reason why he was there.

"I know this is really rude of me, and I wouldn't ask if I could think
of another way, but… do you think I could borrow some muggle money? I
mean, if you have any or know how to get any or… something. Or know how
*I* could get some really quick… without using my wand, cause that's
really not an option…"

His ears burned at having to ask. He had *never* had to beg for money.
Not at the Dursley's, not at Hogwarts, and not at Snapes (unless it was
to buy groceries which didn't count). To do it from Fleur, a friend who
risked a great deal by helping him, was even more humiliating. She just
smiled at him though, and kissed him on the cheek.

"If zat is all you need, I am 'appy to 'elp. Ah, zis is zo romantic.
Just like in my book. Kidnapped princes escaping across borders with ze
'elp of strange of allies. I'll be in 'istory books for zis one day.
Just wait."

He smiled a bit at that. "You're already in history books, remember? The
Triwizard Tournament? All the champions saving each others lives, before
Durmstrang got all weird on us."

She laughed and led him out of the study and up a flight of stairs to
the bedrooms.

"Just wait. Ze two of us, we are just getting started. We will 'ave
eternal glory and fame. You in ze service of your King, and I in ze
service of my Queen."

"Don't forget Viktor. He has a master of his own that he serves," Harry
said, trying to bite back his disappointment there. He didn't blame
Viktor for his choice. Of the two of them, Viktor's choice was probably
the more morally sound. It just happened to make them enemies, as well.

"Ah, poor Viktor," she sighed, "'e does not understand true rulers
cannot pick and choose 'zer battles based on morality like Dumbledore.
Zey must face all dilemmas with all the resources available to zem, even
zose zat bring zuffering. A nation is built with sweat and blood, 'Arry,
with love and with pain. It is maintained ze same way."

Harry considered her words. He was starting to see, or perhaps he had
always seen and was only now starting to understand what she meant.
Voldemort was a Dark Lord, a ruler steeped in murder and manipulation.
But so was Seibligg. Harry might not have seen it like he had with his
mentor, but he sensed it when he met him and with the barbarism his
Aurors had displayed towards the Canis family and himself. He knew the
Old Ministry had its own list of crimes it had to answer for. Fenrir
Greyback ruled his people with a more honest brutality, but it was no
less violent, and he knew intuitively that Sirius would not be any
kinder when it was his turn to take over. He couldn't afford to be soft.

The more he thought about it, the more it seemed like no ruler could
afford that.

They reached Fleur's room, sensually decorated in rich blue velvets and
gleaming hardwoods. She had a small writing desk, which she opened and
pulled out a silver jewelry box. Inside was a large wad of muggle money.
She handed the entire thing to Harry.

"My Aunt Suki zent it to me as a graduation present. She always zays zat
muggles *always* 'ave ze best shoes. Zis is very true, but I won't be
wearing anyzing but my uniform boots for at least a year. Zo zere you
are. You 'ave one year to pay me back."

Looking through the wad of money, several hundred Euros worth, Harry
wondered how many shoes her aunt intended for her to buy. She walked him
back to the door, hugged him again, wished him luck, and opened the door
for him…

And then slammed it closed again in Viktor's startled face.

She turned to Harry. "Was zat who I zot it was?"

The Gryffindor could only stand there and wonder the exact same thing
for a moment. There was a knock on the door. Neither of them moved to
open it.

"Fleur, open da door. I know he's dere already."

"Go away, Viktor. You are not in Germany anymore."

"Harry, please just open da door. I only vant to talk to you."

They gave each other an uncertain look, but eventually Harry just sighed
and nodded. Fleur opened the door again. Viktor scowled at the both of
them.

"What are you doing here, Viktor?" Harry asked, exasperated.

"Ven Dumbledore found out you left Cologne already, he sent me to France
on da *very* slime chance dat you might head here after the ports closed
in the north. How did you even get out of Germany?"

"How did you?" Harry challenged.

"Dumbledore… he has his ways," the Bulgarian said.

"And I have mine. You should know by now I'm a sneaky little bastard."

Viktor's mouth twitched into the beginnings of a smile, but he quickly
smothered it. "Dat I do. Vat are you intending to do, Harry?"

Harry considered lying, telling Viktor that he was going into hiding and
never be seen from again. It seemed a possible way of avoiding another
fight with him, one that he couldn't use a wand for and didn't want to
drag Fleur into. It would also break any trust that still lingered in
the face of Harry's defection.

"I'm going home, Viktor."\
"To Voldemort?" the older boy accused.

"And Hermione," he snapped back, "and my godfathers, and Draco, and
Clyde, and Ginny, and Fred and George, and everyone else who gives a
damn about me for reasons other than what I can do for them."

Viktor's grit his teeth, frustration bubbling to the surface. "You told
me yourself that the Dark Lord wants you did. That taking you out of
Britain saved your life. *I* saved your life."

"So did Voldemort. So did Professor Snape and Vesper Larousse and Sirius
and Remus. They all saved my life. And a dozen others made it worth
living. I am not going to turn my back on them for you. I'm not going to
betray them for that psycho Minister or a country that doesn't mean a
damn thing to me!"

"What about Dumbledore, Harry? He could have given you life outside the
killing and political games and dark magic. He still can. Just come with
me and I'll take you back to him."

"And do what? Hide the rest of my life? Fight against 'evil'? I'm sorry
Viktor, but I don't see a future there. I don't know what he wants, and
frankly I don't care anymore. I can do more good in Britain, than I can
do hiding behind his robes."

"Harry, Voldemort will *kill* you!"

"Not anymore, he won't. I know what I have to do. And I know you have to
do what feels right to you, but you're not going to change my mind. I'm
going home."

Harry stepped out of the house and around Viktor, who just watched slack
jawed as he walked away. He didn't move to stop the other boy, although
once he was out of sight, he curled his fingers in front of him as if to
strangle the memory of Harry in midair.

"Nichts ist diesen Ärger wert!"

Fleur couldn't help but smile at her friend's foolishness. Viktor might
not understand (or simply refused to understand) what Harry had said,
but he was still a good guy. He would not force Harry to do something he
didn't want to do. Not intentionally.

"Come inside, my irate friend. I'll make you something to drink.
Something with Vodka."

He looked ready to snap something at her, but then couldn't seem to
settle on anyone particular thing before finally giving up and slumping
inside. She patted him on the arm sympathetically, and led him towards
the parlor. Two Triwizard Tournament champions visiting her illegally in
one day. She wondered what her future Master might have to say about
that, and grinned.

It appeared as if life had no intention of slowing down for her any time
soon.

---

Harry and the Canis Family ordered Chinese food and crashed in their
hotel room, everyone exhausted but happy with their adventure. In the
evening, Harry stayed with the kids in the hotel, watching the Little
Mermaid in French which Jane translated, going so far as to sing along
with the songs she had memorized by heart (it was her favorite movie),
while Stephen and Sylvia went for a walk in the most romantic city in
the world.

When husband and wife returned, Harry had already had them bathed and
put to bed. Stephen pulled Harry outside for a little talk of their own,
highlighting their final plans for the next day.

"If we go to the UK," Stephen started out, "Will they let us leave or
are we going to have to stay at one of these... colonies?"

Harry thought about it for a long time, and finally answered, "I don't
know. I don't know if Voldemort ever intended you to get this far. He
might let you go if he thought you would keep quiet about the
'kidnapping' bit or he might send you to Greyback or he might kill you
just to hurt me. I really don't know."

"I can't risk my family like that, Harry. I need a plan where I know
they'll be safe."

"… If I could, I'd just buy you a plane ticket and send you where ever
you wanted to go, but that's more money than I have and you don't even
have a passport. You and your family could stay here in France somewhere
and pretend to be regular muggles for the rest of your life, and hope no
one finds out."

Stephen snorted.

"The last option is that I take you straight to Greyback before anyone
finds us. He's an asshole, but he takes care of his own, especially the
women and children. If you become a part of one of his packs, I don't
think Voldemort will try anything, but you'll never be able to leave."

They stayed quiet for several minutes, looking out the window at the
city, glittering streets and buildings tall as mountains. It would be
hard to give up this sort of place. From what Harry knew of them, none
of the Canis family had ever lived outside of a city before, let alone
out in the wilderness. They would have to abandon the creature comforts
of 'civilized' living for a life they only knew about from his stories.

"Is it a good life?" Stephen asked. Slowly, Harry nodded.

"It's not an easy life, but it's a good, honest way to live. You get to
punch guys who piss you off, and everyone is okay with it."

The werewolf barked out a laugh, and returned to the room, saying he
would think about it. They left early the next morning, all of them
sluggish and reluctant after the long day and short night. They
abandoned their car at the motel and walked to the train station,
purchased their tickets, and waited for nearly an hour. The entire time
the adults (and Harry) anxiously scanned the station for signs of
trouble, unable to believe they had made it so far without a hitch of
some kind, but the time elapsed and they climbed aboard. Bobby followed
them inside, and he must have possessed some sort of magic of his own,
because no one looked twice the entire time. The moment they sat down
they visibly relaxed.

Their tickets took them to London, a near three hour ride, and the first
thing Harry did was use some of the change he had left to call Morgan,
but it was a rather flustered woman who picked up.

"HELLO? IS THIS HAROLD POTTER?"

Harry pulled the phone away from his ear, and prayed that ear was still
useful.

"Yes. You don't have to shout."

"Oh… sorry," the woman said, still a bit loud but no longer deafening.
Stephen smirked at him, and Sylvia had to hide her smile behind her
hand.

"Is Chief Sentinel Morgan there?" he asked.

"Ah… no, not right now. He told me I should take a message if you
called."

"And who are you?"

"I'm Eri..er…ah… Betty. I'm his secretary."

For some reason, Harry seriously doubted that.\
"Okay, Erierah Betty, just let your boss know I'm in London."

Then he hung up.

Bobby led them into wizarding London through a strange portal existing
on platform one and three quarters. It seemed as if Bobby knew his way
around everywhere. Harry kept his the hood of his cloak up after that,
which was hot and uncomfortable in the summer heat but necessary. He
earned several odd looks, but rarely a second glance. It was London
after all.

Harry could hardly believe he was home. After six months abroad,
believing he would never get to see his homeland again, it all came at
him extraordinarily fast. He was extremely tempted to run to the nearest
Court Office and turn himself in, face Voldemort once and for all and
finish the journey.

But before he could do that, he needed to ask Stephen his decision.

"We've never had an easy life," Stephen said, "But we've had a mostly
honest one. No point in mucking it up now."

"Why, that's the smartest thing I think I've ever heard him say," Bobby
said, as if awed, then fluttered out of reach when the werewolf made a
swipe at him.

They had absolutely no British wizarding money to get to Scotland, and
since none of them knew how to apparate, it was up to Bobby to lead
them, and as knowledgeable as the raven was about magical short cuts and
secret routes, it still took them two days of walking and two nights of
sleeping outside, before they reached Fenrir's territory.

Harry remained at its edge, stopping the others before they tried to
step over the glowing green line that marked the werewolves' domain.
Once they crossed into it, they would be unable to leave without
Fenrir's permission. He should probably knock first.

"Hello!" he called, and listened as it echoed through the forest. There
was no reply. "Hello!" he tried again. Bobby landed on his shoulder.

"They are there. They're just hiding. Pull down your hood."

Harry did as instructed, and within seconds the foliage moved, and where
once there was nothing but trees and undergrowth now stood two
werewolves, a man and a woman, each armed with crossbows. Stephen let
out a curse, and moved his family behind him. Bobby hopped off his
shoulder and disappeared into the canopy.

"If you play games, sir, I shall kill you for this insult," the woman
said, glaring suspiciously at him, even as she drew nearer. She was
vaguely familiar to Harry, but he could not recall her name.

"No games or insults intended," Harry assured her, tucking away his
wand. "I have returned, and wish to speak with Greyback. I have brought
friends," he gestured behind him, "who seek asylum with his people. May
we enter?"

The werewolf pair shared an uncertain look.

"Think it's really him," she whispered to the man. "Could be a trap. An
illusion."

"You stay here and watch them," the man said, "And I'll go get Greyback.
He'll know. He always knows."

"Hurry up then."

The man ran off, leaving the woman glaring at them and clutching her
crossbow. Stephen nudged Harry's shoulder to get his attention.

"Are they all this friendly?"

Harry grinned. "When you first meet them? Pretty much. I got my head
shoved in a mud puddle."

"Where was *that* story when you prattling on about Fenrir's
werewolves?"

"Did I forget that one? Sorry, it slipped my mind."

Stephen glowered at him. Within minutes, Fenrir appeared, along with
about half his pack, and at the forefront of the crowd Sirius and Remus.
Harry couldn't help but grin when he saw their amazed expressions. He
had a feeling he was going to be seeing a lot of that.

"Potter, you ballsy little bastard," Fenrir snarled, some how coming off
as good natured at the same time. "How the hell did ya get over here?"

"There was a lot of walking involved. Can we come in?"

"Get in here."

Harry stepped across the boundary, and wasn't the least bit surprised
when he was swept up in a enormous bear hug and had his hair ruffled
into a messy fluff. After days of travel and more than a few lingering
bruises, it was painful, but he wouldn't have stopped it for the world.
It was the first time in a very long time that he felt truly happy.

"Prongslet, I can believe it!" Sirius laughed, finally pulling away to
get a better look at him. "Although I probably should. An entire
Ministry couldn't stop you."

"Yes, well, I had a lot of help," he turned to his traveling companions
and gestured for them to follow, which they hesitantly did. "This is the
Canis Family. Stephen, Sylvia, John, Jane, and Noah. We sort of… escaped
Germany together. They're werewolves too."

Fenrir was already before them, leering at Stephen who looked on the
verge of snarling and bashing in someone's head if any of the other
werewolves came any closer to his wife or children.

"I can tell. This ones got a nasty look about him," the Head Alpha
chuckled, and leaned in so close to Stephen their noses were practically
touching. The Canis patriarch let out a low, threatening growl. Fenrir's
threw back his head and laughed. "I like him! Hopefully, I won't have to
break his neck."

"Greyback," Harry said, his voice laced with warning. "Leave them be.
They've traveled a long way to have to deal with your particular brand
of weirdness."

"Bah," Fenrir dismissed. "I wouldn't fight him now. He's as weak as a
puppy. Athena! Get them settled. Make sure no one starts anything."

The alpha female appeared out of the crowd, and close behind her trailed
Luna. The dream-eyed girl smiled at Harry, but didn't yet approach,
following her pack mother's example and showing the Canis family the way
to the settlement, leaving Harry to his godfathers and Fenrir. When all
the others werewolves had left, curious about the latest additions to
their pack (women were rare enough, and children only occasionally born
and never just brought in), the Head Alpha dropped his amused
expression.

"Does Voldemort know you're here?"

Harry stiffened, and then shook his head.

"Why not?"

"I couldn't be sure what he would do with them, so I came here first.
I'll go see him as soon as I know they'll be fine."

"You'll stay here until I tell you you can leave. Are you bit?"

"What?"

"Are. You. Bit? There's been rumors floating about since you went
missing. Some blaming the Germans, some blaming Voldemort, and more that
few blaming werewolves. Claims that you've been infected. Is any of that
true?"

"Are you serious? No, I wasn't bitten. Merlin, I don't know if I can
turn into a werewolf even if I were. I spent the full moon walking
around with them, and it was completely… safe. Like walking around with
really big dogs. They like to be scratched behind the ears."

"Harry!" Remus said, clearly horrified at the mere thought of what he
had done. Sirius looked stunned too, although Harry suspected he would
be delighted once the surprise wore off. Greyback looked more skeptical
than anything.

"You'll stay here until I can get your master to come get you. If you
disappear on me, one of your new 'friends' will pay for it, do you
understand?"

"Yes."

"Good. Blackbone, he's your responsibility… as if you didn't know
already"

Sirius stuck his tongue out at Fenrir's back when he turned away and
Remus slapped him upside the head, making Harry grinned. He had really
missed them. Sirius swung his arm around his godson's shoulder, and led
him further into the forest.

"Come on, Prongslet, you have got a *lot* of explaining to do."

Harry smiled a bit nervously at that. He wasn't entirely sure if he had
enough time to explain the entire thing before Voldemort showed up and
wrung his scrawny neck.

---

Voldemort was very close to wringing Snape's neck when the missive
arrived from Fenrir. It wasn't that the potions professor had done
anything to earn his ire, it just so happened he was the only one in the
room and frankly he was in a bad mood.

They had lost Harry. Again. In London of all places. It didn't help that
Harry had been the one to even inform them that he was in the area, and
then neglected to show himself for another three days. Voldemort, who
believed he had been very patient and done a good job at waiting for his
re-emergence was quickly rediscovering what it was about Harry that
frustrated him.

He was too damn self motivated.

If Harry had been just a little more uncertain or a little more
dependant, Voldemort was positive he would never have gotten it into his
head to go messing around with another man's soul and then to run around
Europe like it was a bloody vacation.

To make matters worse, the potions Snape had been brewing to instill
that uncertain dependency known as blind loyalty were ruined while the
man was holed up in the hospital. Another reason he probably should
wring the man's neck, but he had the feeling the Earth was trying to
tell him not to fuck around with Harry in that particular manner and he
should just let it slide. Anyway, he didn't have enough spare potions
masters just lying around to where he could toss out his best one.

"Forget it. With the way things are going, you'd probably end up
ingesting the potion and swear eternal fealty to Harry, and the entire
situation will turn into an even bigger joke," Voldemort muttered,
leaning back in his chair. They were at Hogwarts at the moment,
presumably a random choice, but both knew it was on the off chance that
Harry showed up there. Harry didn't really know a lot of other places.

Snape grimaced at the back handed insult, but silently agreed. If
anything could possibly go wrong, Potter would find a way to make it
happen.

As if to prove it, an owl flew through the window and smacked straight
into the back of his head.

"Bloody hell!" Snape spat before he even realized it, clutching the back
of his head. He really shouldn't have taken any Pain Relieving Potion
before coming here. Nothing would ever have been able to sneak up behind
him if he were sober.

"Quite," Voldemort said with some amusement then retrieved the letter
from the owl now sprawled across the floor. From under his desk, he
could see Nagini eying the fallen bird speculatively, and left it where
it lay. He opened the letter and scanned it. A hard smile settled across
his mouth. "Harry just turned himself over to Greyback."

Snape stiffened, then nodded. "What do you intend to do?"

"Whatever the universe allows. Stay here. If Harry requires medical
attention, I would prefer to avoid the public hospitals."

"As you wish, My Lord."

The Dark Lord left. Snape went to do the same, to wait in the infirmary,
but paused just long enough to scoop up the owl from the floor before
Nagini got to it. Not all creatures were as talented as Harry at
handling snakes.

---

As if out of habit, Harry remained elusive even after Voldemort arrived
at Fenrir's door. The boy was not in the colony itself, and his
godfathers were plainly visible at the center of the commune, sharpening
knives and glaring death at him. He checked with the Head Alpha. Fenrir
wouldn't be so careless as to let him slip away.

"He said something about making an offering of thanks," the old werewolf
said, leaning in his chair. He looked to be in a rare, thoughtful mood,
and Voldemort wondered what Harry had told him or if it were something
else weighing on his mind. "He took a stool, some herbs, and a bowl, and
left alone on the Western Path about a half hour ago. I told my people
to leave him be. You should have plenty of privacy."

Voldemort nodded and went in search of his wayward protégé. It didn't
take long to find him. Harry had moved nearly a quarter of a mile into
the forest for solitude, but made not attempt at hiding. The Dark Lord
did not immediately say or do anything when he found him, but watched
silently with a breathless sort of fascination.

Harry had stripped down to his pants, and Voldemort could see that
whatever had gained the boy his freedom had come at a cost. His back was
scrapped raw and bruised a yellowish-green, and he could count each of
Harry's ribs protruding from his skinny frame. There were cuts and small
bruises on his face as well, but it was odd shortness of his hair that
unnerved Voldemort. Had his head been shaved at some point? Like all the
rest of those Durmstrang clones?

The idea of lumping Harry into the masses set his teeth on edge. It was
insult by proxy. The masses had never stood a chance at against a Dark
Lord, and to suggest they were of the same ability as the Gryffidnor
Prince was absurd.

He pushed the thought aside to focus on Harry's actions. Already he
could tell Harry had burned some sort of ward into the ground, and was
already burning sage, waving it within his protective circle and around
his body so that the fragrant smoke cleansed the ward of negative
energies. He cast the remnants of the smolder herb into a bowl resting
on a wooden stool, the very crudest form of an altar. Beside the bowl
sat a ceremonial dagger. The same ceremonial dagger he had gifted Harry
with the year before to sacrifice the sianach.

His breath caught as he watched the boy drag the blade over left arm,
then switched hands to cut his right arm. Transfixed, he followed
Harry's every movement, his trembling arms, his pained expression, the
rivulets of blood dripping down into the smoking bowl, and a mouth
speaking too softly and too quickly to make out.

Voldemort felt a ripple of power escape from the protective circle and
it sent a pleasant shiver down his spine. This was perhaps the crudest
of sacrificial ceremonies he had ever seen, but the offering was given
in such complete sincerity that its power could rival the most elaborate
of performances. There was no lip service here. Harry held less guile
than a house elf and enough passion to make Shakespeare weep. Terrifying
and captivating traits in a pagan.

Suddenly, Harry let out a small gasp, and his head and spine arched
backwards so that there was no way he could have kept his balance, and
yet he did not fall. Voldemort stared directly into his wide green eyes,
and wondered what the boy saw. It wasn't Voldemort. There was nothing
close to recognition there.

He was tempted to try a legilimens, but he didn't dare. Madris had
already proven she could hurt him, potentially kill him, and he wasn't
going to provoke her by poking her worshiper with a proverbial stick
while they were conversing.

Harry closed his eyes, and the stiffness suddenly left him so that he
slumped forward, and landed on his hands and knees. There was soft sigh,
and with shaking hands he took the bowl and flipped it onto the grown,
covering the burning sage in order to smother it. The ritual was over.

Voldemort stepped forward. The boy stiffened, and slowly turned towards
him.

"Hello, Harry."

"…Hello, my Lord."

"Still misplacing yourself, my friend?"

"Oh, no. I actually meant to end up here for once." He climbed to his
feet. He did not have his wand on him, but his dagger remained firmly in
his hand. The Dark Lord looked at it curiously.

"Do you mean to use that on me?"

"I hope not. I'm not entirely sure what would happen. You might explode.
*I* might explode. This is far more powerful than I realized."

"And it gains power with every use."

He stepped forward, Harry stepped back. Cautious. Good.

"You betrayed me."

"Yes," Harry agreed readily, even as his expression tightened with pain
at the admission. "But I never meant to hurt you. You can't claim the
same."

"That's very true. *Circafiat!*"

The ward shattered under his spell then caught Harry up in it, sending
him flying like a spinning top hurled through the air, and he crashed
just as heavily. He landed with a thud, and continued to roll until he
hit a tree. There was a groan and a hiss of pain. He was still clutching
the knife. Stubborn.

"I should cut out your soul and feed you to the dementors," he hissed,
stalking towards his fallen adversary. Greens glared up at him.

"If I have to go to one more of those stupid charity banquets I'd
welcome it."

Voldemort paused, staring down at him, incredulous. "You have no sense
of self preservation at all, do you?"

"No. It ran away with your guilty conscious and we haven't seen either
of them since."

A grin founds its way onto the Dark Lord's face, but it wasn't the
comforting sort the foolish Gryffindor was probably hoping for.

"*Fio torrete!*" Voldemort said, flinging his wand, almost negligently.
Harry rolled out of the way this time, and the tree took the hit,
shaking violently, but it gave no clues to the spell's purpose.
Voldemort snapped around for another try, but Harry finally decided to
start fighting back.

And fighting dirty.

He hadn't even realized what the boy was doing until the rock actually
hit him in the face, smashing into the bridge of his nose and part of
his right eye. He stumbled back from the blow, tripped over something,
and fell backwards… into a ditch. And fuck, that hurt.

"You son of a --argh! You broke my nose!"

"Well, you cracked my ribs, you damn psycho," Harry called back.

Snarling, he wiped at the blood pouring from his nose, but it was
instantly replaced, making the effort futile. He crawled out of the
trench, but by then Harry had disappeared. Marvelous.

"*Expelliarmus!*"

"*Protego!*" Voldemort snapped out automatically, shielding himself. He
glared over at the cluster of trees the spell originated from. "This
isn't Hogwarts, Harry. You're going to have to do better than that."

"I don't want to fight you. It's pointless."

"On that we are agreed. You should remain still and take your punishment
like a man."

"How about I take it like a fourteen year old and sit in my room until
I've learned my lesson."

Voldemort let out a laugh. "I've missed you, Harry, I really have. No
one else can survive being this cheeky with me." Then he had to spit, as
the blood from his nose leaked into his mouth. Yuck.

"I missed you too," and that sounded sadly sincere. "Do you think we
could start over?"

"This isn't a board game, Harry. We can never go back to what we were.
You've made sure of that." He murmured a spell, *static voca,* under his
breath, and moved out of view, taking a circuitous route towards Harry's
location.

"… Could we at least stop trying to kill one another?"

"I'm not trying to kill you. I just want to make you suffer," he said,
and though he was moving closer, it sounded as if his voice were the
same distance away.

"How's that working out for you?"

"I can honestly say, I've never had the novel experience of a broken
nose. I feel obliged to share it with you."

"I already broke my nose, remember? Moody and that damn potion."

"… Oh… how about your fingers?"

"…Yes?"

"When?"

"… Uh… at Durmstrang?"

"If you don't sound convinced of your own answers how do expect to
convince me…"

Now he could see Harry's profile, peaking carefully from behind some
trees at the location his voice sounded from. He had his wand now.
Clever boy. Must have snatched it up before he hid himself. Not that it
would do him any good.

"Would I lie?"

"Certainly," Voldemort said, dropping the spell. Harry spun around to
find himself standing not three feet from the Dark Lord, and he froze
like a startled rabbit. "Just not very well. *Levicorpus.*"

The Gryffindor didn't have a chance to utter a single word before he was
pulled from his feet and left dangling from the air. He cried out in
pain and struggled to breath, and Voldemort remembered his potentially
injured ribs, making regular breathing difficult enough. He smiled
coolly at his captive, and reached out to place his hand over the
crescent mark on Harry's chest. The skin beneath his hand instantly
sizzled, as if touched by a brand.

His protégé opened his mouth to gasp, to scream, but he couldn't pull in
the air necessary for it. He could only hang there, making feeble
choking sounds until Voldemort finally pulled his hand away. A skeletal
handprint in blackened flesh remained, the red crescent resting in the
middle of the palm. An ominous marking.

Both the knife and wand had fallen out of Harry's hands, and the boy
simply hung there limply. Voldemort thought there might be symbolism in
that, but right now he was just appreciating the moment. Harry had
already closed his eyes, waiting for the next blow, resigned to the pain
even as he feared it. Ah, sublime submission. He let it drag on for a
nearly a minute, letting suffer in the silence.

Then he flicked him on nose like a bad dog.

Green eyes flew open, and blinked. Voldemort glowered at him.

"I want you to remember this moment. I want you to remember the pain and
the fear and the helplessness, because if you ever try to mess with me
like that again, I will make you feel a thousand times what you are
feeling right now for rest of your natural life and then I really will
feed you to the dementors. *Finite incantem.*"

Harry fell, landing heavily and no doubt cracking a few more ribs, if
his pained gasps were anything to go by, but nothing lasting. Satisfied,
Voldemort walked away, leaving the boy to catch his breath and wallow in
his misery. He had only made it a few steps, however, before the
Gryffindor some how managed to get just enough breath for a final
question.

"We good now?"

The Dark Lord turned back to him and smiled fondly. "Yes. We're good."

---