# The Tavern

Harry awoke in an unfamiliar bed. Sitting up cautiously, he took in his new
surroundings. The bed was small and covered in a green and yellow checkered
quilt. The ceiling slanted sharply, and the room itself was long with a window
at one end and a door at the other, all painted a clean white. It was empty
but for the bed, a small bedside table and lamp, and his trunk with his
satchel set on top of it.

He got up and quickly checked himself. His wand was still on him, as was
everything else he owned. Had his kidnapper not bothered to search him at all?
Draco's gift, still tucked in the back of his pants made him think this was
probably the case, or at the very least no one wanted him to know that they
knew he was armed. He checked his satchel and found everything in place, and
just to be certain he looked through his trunk. The trunk had a rune on it
that glowed if it was opened by anyone other than him within twenty-four
hours, but it remained dark.

The window he found was open already, letting in a breeze from outside, and
though the radiator beneath it made it awkward, he managed to get a look
around outside. The view revealed a neighborhood of modest apartments and
hotels, bakeries and caf√©s. The people walking the narrow street appeared to
be muggles, with not a robe or broomstick in sight. A girl walking with her
mother, looked up at him from the street and waved. Harry waved back, his
uncertainty mounting.

Where was he? Some sort of safe house? What kind of hideout would a wizard
leave visible to muggles? How had he even gotten here? He remembered walking
towards Bremerhaven... was this even the same city?.. and then everything
after that came up blank. Searching the room for clues revealed nothing but a
tiny storage hutch built into the wall and a tiny bathroom with a toilet and
sink. It was all very spartan, but clearly not a cell.

With a bit of uncertainty, he tried the door.

It opened with a little groan. He grabbed his satchel and made his second bid
for freedom.

A set of stairs lay directly outside his door, twisting downwards, and he
followed it to the level below, and found a hallway lined with six doors with
numbers on them and red carpet on the floor. A hotel then, he decided, and
followed the stairs down to the next level and found a similar hallway but
with green carpet. And so it went for another two floors, until at last he
found himself deposited into a lobby.

It was empty. There was no clerk at the checkout desk, though there were
several keys missing from board behind him, and no visitors sitting on the
sofas or chairs. The lights were on, and the ceiling fan was running. It was
ghostly quiet, but the place itself was sparkling clean and ready to receive,
and he felt uneasy.

He tried the front entrance, and finally experienced his first obstacle. There
was no knob on the door. He tried pushing it, but it didn't budge. With his
wand, which he still couldn't' believe he had, he tried a revealing charm, and
then an unlocking charm, and after some mental debate a blasting charm. All
three spells were swallowed up without so much as a rattle.

Throwing a chair at the nearest window had similar results.

Frustrated, he went in search of another exit. If he was forced to, he
supposed he could figure a way to climb out his bedroom window and onto the
street, but he wanted to see if could manage something less conspicuous on the
ground floor. And perhaps find out what the devil was going on.

Searching the ground floor revealed an office, a break room, a coin operated
laundry, and a kitchen. One of the laundry machines was running and the
kitchen had food in it (Harry wasn't too shy to nick a cookie out of the
pantry), but otherwise he found no evidence of anyone. He was starting to
entertain the notion that he was going be kept like a pet hamster in a very
elaborate cage, when he heard voices. He followed the sound out to the lobby,
and to a set of double doors he had overlooked. Beside the door was sign.

Astrada Hotel Bar

Mon-Thurs. 6:00pm-12:00pm

Fri-Sun: 5:00pm -1:00am

There were muffled voices coming through the door, barely audible but Harry
got the impression that someone was shouting or at least protesting loudly.
Cautiously, he leaned in closer to listen.

"I still say you should have searched him! It's careless and naive Who knows
what he's carrying on him? What if he's got something the Dark Lord can trace?
Or even the ministry?" someone argued, a woman, he thought.

"Now, now, my dear, I didn't take on this responsibility in order to hold
young Mr. Potter prisoner. He has had a very difficult year, and deserves
patience and respect. I believe that will prove the best approach for
everyone."

"Albus," someone else said, this time a man, "I can appreciate what you're
saying, but this is a bit much. Viktor said it himself that the boy still felt
loyalty towards the Dark Lord. Now, that's probably not his fault, and he's
probably a very nice kid, but you can't expect us to put any trust in him. He
wasn't off the boat ten minutes and he made a break for it! What happens if he
manages to get out of here and gets picked up by one of Voldemort's men? Or
runs off to find one himself?"

There was a moment of silence.

"That's a very good point," Dumbledore said at last, and Harry felt himself
recoil. What were they going to do? Lock him up? Well... lock him up more?
Cast the Imperius on him? Put him in a magically induced coma? Make him sign a
fidelity contract? "Which is why I will be taking special pains to ensure he
never meets any of you. Compromising a hideout is one thing, compromising the
Order is another thing altogether. With that being said, I must ask you to all
to exit through the back door, as Mr. Potter seems to have made himself
comfortable at the front."

Harry leaped away from the door. There was the sound of cursing and moving
chairs, the number of which suggested there were many more than just
Dumbledore, the man, and the woman. His first thought was to turn around and
run back upstairs to his room, thinking that if the others were truly leaving,
then he might as well try it himself. If he waited for a few minutes, he might
be able to escape without worrying about another sneak attack.

He was just a few steps up, when one of the doors popped open with an audible
'click'. He froze on instinct, and turned expecting someone to come out and
shout at him for spying or order him to stop, but no one appeared. Looking
back up the stairs, it seemed a lot further away, five flights of stairs he
reminded himself. The old wizard was alone now though. Surely if he wanted to
interrogate him, he would have made the others stay.

Turning back towards the door, he wondered if it were an invitation, and
whether he should accept it. The last time he had faced Dumbledore, he had
been half mad and hurled curses at him and blown up a room. Hardly the best
first impression. Not that he cared.

It was just... that opened door seemed to taunting. I *dare* you come inside,
it seemed to laugh.

*Well*, he thought*, I did want some answers.*

He flicked his wrist a few times, making sure his wand would pop out easily if
necessary, and headed back and stepped inside. The bar was dark, as bars
typically were, and only a few dim lights were on. It smelled of stale smoke
and wine, and at the bar sat the old wizard, all alone, drinking what appeared
to be...

"Lemonade, Mr. Potter?" Dumbledore offered, his eyes somehow managing to
twinkle even in the dark. Harry was very tempted to just roll his eyes and
stalk back outside.

"No, thank you."

"Suit yourself," he said, took a long sip from his spirally orange straw,
sighed happily, and continued, "How are you feeling? I do apologize for your
rather unorthodox arrival. My associates can be a little overzealous in their
assignments. I trust you weren't hurt?"

"Not as far as I can tell..." he said, his tone doing nothing to hide his
annoyance.

"Good, good. Now that you're awake, I thought we might discuss a few things."

Harry said nothing. In fact, he didn't even move. He itched to take his wand,
stun the wizard, and make a break for it. Dumbledore took another sip from his
glass.

"Ah, that's wonderful. Best thing about summer, without a doubt, is the
lemonade. And ice cream. And fireflies. Those are good too."

Or maybe stun him and call on the nearest funny farm to come and take him
away.

"I'm sorry...sir... but what did you want to talk about?"

"Oh, yes. About your stay here for the summer... well, temporary stay anyway.
We'll likely move once or twice, but that's neither here nor there. I would
like to hire you on as a personal assistant. My sources tell me that you have
some experience working in an office."

Harry blinked. That wasn't what he had been expecting. Inquiries about his
affiliation with Voldemort, questions about dangerous magics he had performed,
and even his thoughts on the Minister of Magic, but not about a job. He *was*
talking about a job, wasn't he?"

"I don't... what?"

Dumbledore didn't seem to find anything about the situation odd, and kept on
as if they were long time acquaintances. "I've always believed remaining
active during the summer was just as important for keeping the mind sharp as
homework ever was, and it's excellent experience for after graduation. Don't
you agree?"

"Er... sure."

"So what do you think? A little part-time job, say, four or five hours a day?
I'll pay you of course. That's half the fun of having a job... in some cases
the only fun."

"Uh... what would I be doing, exactly?"

"Filing, taking messages, tidying up, the usual. Do you know how to make tuna
salad?"

"... Yeah..."

"Then making tuna salad on Thursdays, as well. I can never get it quite
right."

Harry bulked. He had just hired himself out to a loon. A loon who happened to
be one of Voldemort's greatest rivals. Fabulous. Well, at least he hadn't
asked for his wand.

"Good, now that that's settled... about your wand..."

Well, bollocks.

"Ministry laws, I'm afraid, and I should be in considerable trouble as your
guardian if anyone knew you had cast some rather impressive spells at the
front door."

"How would anyone know?" he tried, then cursed himself for the desperate lilt
his voice had taken. Stupid! Stupid! He had been close to begging. There was
no way to win that way.

"I am sorry," the old man said sympathetically, "I know it is disconcerting,
but it's not something that can be taken lightly. I promise, your wand will
remain safe."

Harry said nothing, but his expression spoke volumes.

"Do you think I would tamper with it?"

Again, the boy let his expression do the talking, but added for clarification,
"I'm more worried about myself."

"Ah, yes. Your trust is not so easily given, I imagine, and my words alone
will not be enough to convince you. The only proof I can give you that you can
trust me is if you don't have your wand and nothing ill be falls you, and the
only way you would give me your wand is if you trusted me. We are at an
impasse."

They fell into a thoughtful silence, and Harry found himself tired of standing
and took a seat a little ways down the bar. Looking across the counter, he
could see his reflection in the mirrored backdrop. He looked thin, pale, and
tired, but his eyes were hard. It was a bit startling. The lighting was
generally dim at Durmstrang except in the domes, and he hadn't realized his
deterioration until now.

"Of course," the old wizard started up again, drawing back his attention, "I
could have just as easily taken it from you while you slept."

Harry swallowed thickly, realizing that was very true. He could have taken his
wand, and everything else he had on him, and locked him in his room or kept
him unconscious or chained to the bed. A lot of things could have been done to
him that weren't.

"Then why didn't you?"

Dumbledore's eyes twinkled, and he gently slid a glass of lemonade down the
bar towards him. Harry caught it instinctively. "Trust, Mr. Potter, and
respect. Before we can ever hope to reach an understanding, there must be a
certain level of trust and respect... on both our parts."

He looked away, down at the glass. The outside of it was cool and wet with
condensation, and he realized now that the room was uncomfortable warm and he
was thirsty. It could be drugged though... but that wouldn't make much sense.
He just didn't want to trust the old man. He had been preparing himself for a
confrontation, for an interrogation, not conversations on trust and lemonade.
It was ironic, but he thought he would prefer his earlier supposition. He
didn't know how to defend against kindness.

At the same time, he was sick of the fear and the paranoia, quite literally.
His reflection showed the strain it had caused him. Cautiously, he took a sip
of his lemonade, pointedly not looking at Dumbledore. He was afraid he'd see
triumph there.

They didn't say anything further, and Dumbledore didn't rush him. When he had
finally finished his drink, and his thinking, he was lead back out to the
lobby and behind the check in counter.

"The hotel is empty," Dumbledore explained. "The muggles who own it have
passed on, and I am watching it for their children until they sort out what to
do with it, which should take another month or two."

"This is a *muggle* hotel?" It shouldn't have surprised him, not after looking
out the window at the perfectly muggle-*looking* neighborhood. In the back of
his mind, he had just assumed that's how German wizards lived and dressed. For
the first time, the old wizard's expression sharpened a bit, into something
more shrewd, but it quickly disappeared.

"It's been a while since you went about the muggle world, hasn't it? Five
years almost."

"Longer than that," he said bitterly, before he could catch himself. He hadn't
been out in the muggle world nearly at all since his parents death. The
Dursley had kept him constantly at number 4, Privet Drive, never taking him to
school, the store, or even to the park and never letting him outside to do
anything except work on the garden. At the time, it had merely been
depressing, but looking back on it now left him angry. He had missed out on so
much because of his guardians' shame and greed, and that which he had seen and
experienced with them was ugly and cruel.

"Then this shall be a rather novel experience. It will certainly be a re-
education. Go ahead and pick a mail slot, and place your wand inside of it."

Harry hesitated, fighting the feeling of nausea over what he was about to do.
His wand had been a part of him for years, and to be separated from it felt
like willingly amputating a finger. The old wizard didn't rush him, and
eventually he picked a slot that was eye-level to him and placed him wand
inside. With a flick of his own wand, which made Harry flinch, Dumbledore cast
a spell on the slot.

"There. Now it is quite safe from theft, fire, and flood. No one will be able
to remove it, myself included, without canceling the spell first."

Nothing appeared to have happened. There was no glowing or sparks, and the
wand continued to sit there in plain view. Curious, Harry reached up to try
and take it back. His fingers missed the slot, and he felt the first tingle of
magic. Another attempt and another miss. The third and fourth try yielded the
same results. He pulled back his hand.

"Weird."

"Quite. Now that that is taken care of, if you would follow me to my office. I
have a bit of filling that needs to be taken care of."

---
---

Snape stalked through the Court of Military Affairs with the same looming
quality he had mastered at Hogwarts, and for the most part it was just as
effective among the Dark Lord's toadies and the toadies' toadies as it was on
school children. Witches and wizards alike, in their suits and uniforms shrank
back upon his approach, refraining from any attempts at flattering or
networking they normally employed with those of superior rank. The potions
master had a reputation as a former Death Eater, and any who came upon him
were unfortunately reminded of it by his perpetually dark expression and
intense black eyes.

This was good for Snape, certainly a morale booster after months of
frustration at his own inadequacy. The Dark Lord had charged him with a task,
a task he couldn't afford to fail at, but ultimately saw no way to achieve.
Tonight, he was expected to deliver the results of his investigation into the
mysterious letter in front of the Dark Lord and a hundred of his colleagues,
and he had nothing.

The Court of Military affairs was an ostentatious building for a place that
dealt with the affairs of war. The style was Baroque, garishly over decorated
in gold lief and high ceilings, paintings of battles lined the walls, making
the hallways unpleasantly noisy when just the images of battling sorcerers and
sorceresses blowing each other to bits would have been unpleasant enough all
its own. He arrived at the meeting hall and was stopped by Sentinels, suffered
through the usual indignity of a search, and was permitted to enter.

He was not late, but he was one of the last to arrive. The meeting was being
held in a large room, with no windows and no places to hide for the sake of
security. Long tables had been set up in the shape of a 'U' with a shorter
table above it for the most important attendees, including the Dark Lord
himself. The room was crowded, and the noise of battles from the hallway was
replaced with the noise of politicians who liked to hear themselves talk.
Heading towards the front of the room, he could see Lucius and Morgan had
already arrived. Lucius was talking with small group of important looking
people, but Morgan's attention was focused on a woman he didn't recognize. She
was in her early thirties, plain faced, though not unpleasant, sprinkled with
freckles from getting too much sun, and her dark brown hair was pulled back
into an equally unimpressive bun. She dressed modestly in a blue dress, and a
darker blue robe was draped over it. Nothing about her suggested any
significance, and her wide nervous eyes suggested she didn't think she should
be there, but she had been placed between Morgan and himself, which meant
someone thought otherwise.

He took his seat, ignoring inquiries from the few brave enough to address him,
and waited. The woman beside him turned around, a nervous reaction, but when
he turned back to her she quickly looked away. He rolled his eyes. He supposed
it was better than being stuck next to talker, but her timidness was irksome.

"You could have just handed my report to someone-" she was saying to Morgan, a
rather bold move since he was the second most important person in the room at
the moment. He cut her off with flat reprimand.

"You were requested by the Dark Lord himself. If you have objections, feel
free to take the matter up with him."

That shut her up quick, as such a threat usually did, and she spent the next
few minutes staring at her hands clasped in her lap. Snape spent his time,
trying to think of what he was going to say. Unfortunately, he kept thinking
how he wanted to strangle Harry for getting him into this mess.

"All rise for Lord Voldemort, Sovereign of the Kingdoms of Britain and
Ireland!"

The room fell silent, and anyone who had been sitting, Snape included, rose to
their feet and turned towards the door. The Dark Lord strode inside, a party
of six Sentinels followed behind him, but they broke away to station
themselves around the room. The sovereign himself, went straight for the
center table, and sat himself down. Everyone followed his example, and sat,
waiting in silence for his instructions.

"We have much to discuss," the Dark Lord said pointedly, "So we will refrain
from the usual ceremonies and pleasantries. Please keep your testimonies brief
and to the point. If anyone has questions or statements to add, wait until the
end before presenting them. I shall begin with a explanation of what occurred
the night I was attacked."

Voldemort's story was a shiny little thing, polished after months of
consideration and truths dressed in lies and political correctness. It went
along the lines that the Dark Lord had been in Ireland, making nice with the
local Druidic communities during their Winter Solstice holiday, when he had
been attacked with a strange magic. The druids present had been skilled enough
to save his life and bring him to the hospital for treatment, where under the
excellent care of the doctors he had managed to recover relatively quick.
Further investigation revealed the source of the strange magic to be Professor
Eric Brennan, a teacher at Hogwarts who had been convinced or possibly coerced
by the Germans to attempt an assassination. The Germans had fled without him,
and when confronted, Brennan had killed himself and taken his secrets with
him. It was also believed he had a hand in Harry Potter's kidnapping, but this
could not be confirmed. He has since made a complete recovery.

There was a rather telling lack of questions after he had given his account,
and the Dark Lord turned over the hall to Lucius.

"Commander Malfoy will explain the events that led to the discovery of the
German's attempt at spying. Commander Malfoy, if you would."

Lucius nodded to the Dark Lord, and stood. Despite his own sense of self-
importance, he kept his account brief. There was, after all, very little about
the incident that showed him in a very flattering light. The discovery had
been made by an anonymous third party, and most of the Germans had escaped,
but for a few minor players, and a child had been kidnapped. The only positive
point had been his quick actions, which had prevented the acquiring of
confidential information via the parasitic insects. There were a few questions
here, but no one dared point out his mistakes. Criticizing Malfoy wasn't as
dangerous as criticizing Voldemort, but only because he didn't make you suffer
in public before he killed you... usually.

And then it was his turn.

"Professor Severus Snape has been charged with investigating the mysterious
letter from Hogwarts," Lucius ended, taking his seat. Snape stood, careful not
fidget or take a drink of water, or appear anything other than absolutely
confident in what he was about to say. He had no real answers, but he could
improvise like the best of them.

"Having examined the letter, I can safely say that it did in fact originate
from our Lord's office in Hogwarts, and the owl was also a tenant of the
school. Further investigation of both the office's security and questioning of
those present at the school during the event, I have reached the following
conclusion."

He was distinctly aware of Lucius and Morgan and, most unnerving of all, the
Dark Lord's intense scrutiny; more interested than anyone else in the room on
what he was to say next. They knew he had reached dead end after dead end, and
wondered how he was going to get out of the bind he found himself in.

"Professor Brennan, is in fact, the original author of the letter."

There were murmurs of confusion, but the Dark Lord quickly broke in.

"*Silence! * Professor, please explain."

"Certainly," he said quickly, but not *too* quickly. He had to be careful to
come off as if he believed what he was saying and wasn't just making excuses.
"I believe Professor Brennan wrote the letter in an attempt to protect Mr.
Potter from harm, alerting Commander Malfoy of the spying insects as proof of
their intentions so that he might stop their plot before involving his
student."

"But Professor Snape," a woman towards the back objected, "Why would Professor
Brennan aid in the assassination of our Lord, but then try to stop them from
kidnapping Mr. Potter?"

Snape took a deep breath, and cast an accessing glance at the Dark Lord. He
looked curious, but not convinced.

"Professor Brennan," Snape began, "Has a... history with the Dark Lord. One
that may account for his willingness to murder him, but not one that would
justify the abduction of Mr. Potter or the revelation of national secrets to a
foreign government. Ultimately, we may never know why, but given the timing
and the source of materials, only Brennan had access to the office and the
foreknowledge of the plot to have sent the letter."

Not everyone looked certain, but obviously didn't have anything to contradict
his theory or even an alternative theory of their own. He managed to re-take
his seat, fairly confident he was not going to be horribly mutilated at the
conclusion of the meeting.

"Thank you, Professor," the Dark Lord said, looking rather impressed, which
didn't necessarily mean he had been fooled. Snape would have to hope he was
impressed enough with his improvisation that he didn't curse him out of hand.
"Most of you are unfamiliar with our next speaker, Ms. Ira Beadle. She is a
private researcher for the Oxford University of Magicial Academia and
Medicine, specializing in entomology and has been charged with examining the
insects used to spy on us."

Nervously, the woman beside him stood and faced the crowd, nodding in
acknowledgment to the Dark Lord.

"H-hello. Ah... one moment please."

She suddenly dropped down and after a moment of rather undignified groping
beneath the table, pulled out box-shaped item. The Sentinels stiffened, but
she was too distracted setting up her contraption to notice. After a few
seconds of fiddling with some knobs on the side, the top of the box lit up and
a faint hologram appeared a few feet above their heads. The holograms were of
the bugs, but they were very difficult to see.

"Um... would s-someone please lower the lights?" she requested. Another moment
passed and the lights dimmed, and the insects could be seen much more clearly,
and she began. "T-these are not true insects, but *ascari*, more closely
related to ticks. The one on the left... excuse me the one on *my* left*, *is
a common a Western Imagi, easily found in any Northern European country,
including Scotland and Ireland. The one on the right, however, is a completely
new species..."

In the dark of the room, focused on a subject she clearly understood well, Mr.
Beadle's timid demeanor melted away. With confidence and enthusiasm she
explained the technique likely used to change the Western Imagi into the
current form, and how the use of grinding the creatures up and mixing them in
a potion and then a penseive would reveal everything they had seen and
experienced. They had perfect memory.

"Very impressive, Ms. Beadle," the Dark Lord said, interrupting her before she
turned meeting into a course lecture. "You may sit down now."

Chagrined, she dismantled her projector and quickly took her seat. There were
a few more speakers, Sentinels in charge of interrogating the few Germans they
had captured, Court officials investigating Germany's preparations and
attitudes towards the upcoming deadline, progress reports on Britain and
Ireland's security and the military recruitment campaign, and various other
matters. It was almost midnight when the meeting was adjourned, and everyone
was too tired to attempt another round of schmoozing.

The Dark Lord, however, being an inhuman monster, was still peppy enough for
just a little more. Snape was among the privileged to receive a pat on the
shoulder and a rather sinister, 'come with me'. He followed the Dark Lord
through a back door, and down a hallway. Lucius and Morgan were with them. The
guards were not. They stepped into an office and shut the door, Morgan
throwing up anti-spying spells behind them.

Snape was rather surprised to find Nagini lounging on the couch, glaring up at
them, daring one of them to try and take her spot. It was strange when he
suddenly realized he hadn't seen the snake since Harry's second year.

"*Hassshe messs ssseeessse*," the Dark Lord hissed softly, and the giant snake
slithered to the floor and made her way over to him, leaving the couch
available to Lucius and Morgan. Snape remained standing, leaning against the
doorway. Voldemort reclined in his chair, completely unaffected as Nagini
climbed up his chair and laid her head on his lap. He started to stroke her
reptilian head and spoke to them in English.

"There are a few matters I wanted to make all of you aware of before you
leave. I have recently begun making direct correspondence with Her Majesty
Queen Ophelia IV through letters, and she has expressed a willingness to
listen to our complaints against Germany. Much of what was discussed today
will be presented via representative, and will require you to make yet another
formal report and submit it in a week's time for translation. This is an
extremely important project, my friends. If we can convince the queen our
grievance is legitimate, we may create for ourselves a powerful ally, one who
will allow us a foothold on mainland soil. Your roles in this will be limited,
but I wanted you aware of what is going on so that you might facilitate this
matter among your underlings who express *reluctance* in associating with a
foreign country."

If that was what this private meeting was about, Snape wondered why he was
there. His 'underlings' included a couple hundred juveniles of no political
consequence. At least, none of political consequence since Harry disappeared.

"I can see you are wondering about your presence here, Severus," the Dark Lord
continued. "Truthfully, that matter has nothing to do with you. I simply need
to ask you a question."

"My Lord?" he asked, cautiously. The dark wizard's expression was familiar, a
casual cruelty that suggested he was going to curse someone out of boredom,
rather than out of punishment.

"Chief Morgan and I have been discussing a means of retrieving my dear prot√©g√©
from Dumbledore, and it seems we may have the opportunity in the next few
weeks."

Something unpleasant settled in Snape's stomach at the news, something that
left him nauseous at the thought of participating in the child's inevitable
punishment. Still, he managed to get out a 'congratulations'.

"Thank you. Now, however, I must consider exactly what I am to do with him. A
few minutes under the Pain Curse just isn't going to cut it. I need him
healthy enough to face the public and testify to Durmstrang's kidnapping and
torture, but more importantly I need to know he will never again be capable of
defying or attempting harm against me."

Snape nodded, his unease beginning to spread. He didn't like where this
conversation was going. "What would you have of me?"

"I need to know if you are capable of instilling loyalty in him, through
potions or spells or a good old-fashion lashing. I don't care, as long as he
remains sane and healthy enough to carry out his role as Prince. Can you do
this?"

There were fourteen different ways Snape could think of to create artificial
loyalty, thirty if one considered blind obedience the same thing as loyalty,
and six methods that could maintain one's sanity and health. None he had ever
considered using on a child, even one as obstinate and infuriating as Harry.

"... Yes, I can," he said, because to deny his ability would not only endanger
him, but leave the boy in the care of someone else, most likely Lestrange or
someone else of questionable skill and intent.

The Dark Lord nodded, tension they had not even realized was there, slowly
leaving him. In his lap, Nagini closed her eyes, conveying the contentment
normally reserved to highly spoiled house cats.

"Good. I recommend making preparations as soon as possible."

"I shall, my Lord... but if I may ask... why me? I have... failed," he bit
out, hating to remind the wizard of such a touchy subject, but needing answers
just the same. "... to handle Potter properly the first time, and surely you
are more than capable of handling him yourself."

He stiffened, waiting for a Cruciatus or possibly something more bloody, but
Voldemort merely made a dismissive gesture with his free hand.

"I have two reasons. The first being that I want to maintain the appearance of
normalcy upon his return. No one should know of his defection or the
retribution that will be exacted on him, not the public in general or his
closest associates, including your goddaughter and godson. Removing him from
your care would raise questions, and you are too conveniently placed for me
not to use you. The alternative would be Lestrange, who lacks the...
sensitivity... this situation requires, or Professor Toure, who lacks the
skills. The other reason... I do believe he betrayed us both, Severus. You
have as much reason to be angry with him as I do."

Snape was surprised, not only by the Dark Lord's reasoning, but also by the
realization that he had never felt betrayed. Angry, yes, but not betrayed.
Harry's retaliation had seemed perfectly natural, albeit foolhardy and
inconvenient. He was a Gryffindor forced to play Slytherin games, and
ultimately had lashed out and broken free. Harry's actions were unbelievably
reckless and extreme, but not unjustified. Snape himself had often fantasized
of ways to put Lord Voldemort into an early (long overdue?) grave.

"Thank you," he said, trying to sound sincere but coming off more than a
little perplexed. "You are too generous."

"Aren't I?" It was said with an ironic lilt, a strange sort of joke for man
who only seemed to get stranger with time. "That is all, Severus. You may go,
I still have a few more matters to discuss with the others."

Snape bowed respectfully and left, aware of the other wizards' intense
scrutiny. They had said nothing the entire time, and he would happily have
forgotten their presence during the entire awkward and nerve-wracking debacle,
but it seemed they would be privy to his every word and subconscious gesture
to examine and question on their own once their meeting concluded. His
summoning and premature dismissal left him vulnerable to their criticism
behind the closed door, but there was nothing he could do about it now. The
only true way to redeem himself was to do as Dark Lord requested and-

"Professor Snape."

Ms. Beadle was in the hallway, sitting in a chair like a child waiting to be
called into the headmaster's office, her little projection box beside her. She
was clearly tired, and he couldn't imagine why she was still there.

"Ms. Beadle... shouldn't you be on your way home?"

She looked up at him with wide gray eyes, then timidly down at her hands
again.

"Chief Morgan is my escort," she said, softly, and offered nothing more. Just
as well, he decided, since he wasn't particularly interested. And yet some
how, he still ended up asking a question.

"A friend of yours?"

She shook her head. "My stepfather."

"Ah." And then he completely lost interest, and started on his way.

"Professor..."

He paused and turned back towards her. She was looking at him directly now,
still nervous, but with intent. "Yes?"

"I... I just wanted to say... I..." she stumbled, "You have my condolences...
about Mr. Potter, I mean. Like everyone else, I guess... We're all praying for
his safe return."

Snape said nothing for a long moment, decoding her ramble into something he
could adequately interpret. When he finally figured it out, a laugh jumped
straight into his throat before he could swallow it. He laughed, hard and
long. Oh, what a ridiculous thing to say, he thought. Never mind he had heard
it a dozen times before. To have someone say it sincerely and to his face was
just too funny.

It didn't help that her wide eyes had gotten even wider and she was now left
gaping, like some sort of deer-eyed fish. His laughter wasn't subsiding, and
as it continued her mouth finally closed and her eyes narrowed, but she had
also turned beet red, bringing a completely new level of hilarity to the
situation.

"Honestly, sir!" she protested indignantly. "What *is* so funny?"

The laughter finally faded away as he considered her question, and ultimately
decided it wasn't funny at all and he needed to get some sleep. He rubbed his
eyes, turned and walked away, ignoring her and her question altogether. It
would be for the best if he left before Lucius came out and requested a word
with him in his usual attempts to prod a situation until he found some benefit
to himself in it.

"Goodnight, Ms. Beadle," he said offhandedly.

"Good riddance, sir!" she snapped at his back, unknowingly eliciting a smirk
from the utterly disagreeable man.

---
---

Harry sat at the window, looking down at the empty street below. It was late,
or very early morning depending on how one thought about it, and he could not
sleep. His life had just taken a dramatic new turn *again* and his mind was
still reeling. In a day, he had gone from Durmstrang to Bremerhaven, was
briefly reunited with Fleur, attempted an escape, was recaptured, relocated
into a muggle hotel, surrendered his wand to his former mentor's greatest
enemy (not to mention possibly his own greatest enemy if he truly was
responsible for the whole Moody debacle), and was now working for him as an
office assistant.

The day hadn't gotten any less strange once he was lead to Dumbledore's
'office', which resembled office only by the fact that it had a desk and a
filing cabinet. And papers. Lots and lots of papers. In fact, it looked as if
someone had set a bomb off in the post office. They were stacked on his desk,
on the floor, tacked to bulletin boards, behind the radiator, under the rug,
and even in some of the hats on the hat rack. Despite this, the old loon
insisted he knew where everything was... except his coffee pot... and his type
writer... and Fawkes, who turned out to be a phoenix taking sanctuary in the
adjoining bathroom. A wise move, since a lovely as the creature was, he was
also a definite fire hazard with all the kindling just laying around.

Harry had spent hours just trying to *find* all the scattered papers, which
could have been done in minutes if he'd been allowed his wand or even if
Dumbledore had done a few spells himself, but the old wizard had busied
himself typing up letters on his type writer, after it had eventually been
excavated from under some old tax forms that had never been filed.

It turned out that Dumbledore was a philanthropist, who ran almost a dozen
charities and organizations almost entirely by mail. The Refugee Scholarship
Fund, set up to help refugees and children of refugees pay for school tuition.
The Three Tongues Program, volunteer-run classes designed to teach refugees
the language of their new home country. Universal Rites, a legal assistance
charity that provided legal counseling and representation to British families
without citizenship. It went on and on, and even though he wasn't reading
through every piece, he was getting the gist of what life was like for those
who had fled during the war. And perhaps an idea of why his own parents
preferred living as eccentric muggles, rather than outcast wizards.

*They could have gone back*, Harry thought. *Most of them, anyway. Did it really seem so awful, that they would prefer to live like third class citizens in a foreign country than as first class citizens under Lord Voldemort?*

That seemed to be the case, but he was suspicious. Had *no one* gone back? He
couldn't recall ever hearing a case where someone had left Britain and then
returned after the war. Perhaps it had been impossible? The international
embargo could have prevented their return, but what sense did that make? Why
hold on to people you didn't really want?

He decided he should ask Dumbledore in the morning. Given the man's
occupation, it seemed he would be the most likely person to know, and in his
case the only person he could ask. Sighing, he moved away from the window and
climbed onto the bed. It was too warm to bother with blankets, so he simply
curled around his pillow and closed his eyes.

Sleep evaded him for a while, pestering him with ideas of escaping out the
window and disappearing while the strange old wizard slept oblivious, but such
a silly plot wasn't enough to pull his tired body from his bed. Finally, the
world fell away and dreams came to him.

---
---

*The maze at the Sianach Lodge was far different in the summer than in the winter, and even in the misty gloom he could see the hedges lined in vibrant greens and flowering bursts of color. Somewhere in the distance he could hear a raven call. He made his way towards the center, following the familiar path and nodding to the gods and goddesses perched on their altars, and they nodded back or ignored him in their turn.*

*The maze opened up at the center, and standing there was the Dark Lord himself, using his staff to burn a diagram into the grass. Harry watched him silently for a while, idly wondering what it was for, not bothering to question why he was there to begin with. When the diagram was complete, Voldemort turned and looked at him.*

*His expression was cold and blank, and Harry was suddenly reminded that they were not friends any longer. He didn't run though. It hadn't yet occurred to him to be afraid, and when the man extended his hand to him in invitation, he entered the circle without hesitation.*

*"What are we doing?" he asked, looking down at the burnt lines in the ground, runes running out from the center or into the center depending on ones point of view.*

*"Where are you, Harry?" Voldemort asked, ignoring his inquiry.*

*"I am here."*

*A hint of amusement flitted across the Dark Lord's expression, but just as quickly disappeared.*

*"No, you are not here. You are only dreaming of this place. Where are you?"*

*Harry thought about it.*

*"Germany."*

*"Better... where in Germany?"*

*"Westerly Street."*

*"A city? A town? Are mountains nearby?"*

*"A city. I don't know its name. In a hotel. There are muggles outside my window."*

*The Dark Lord considered this for a while, and while he was thinking Harry watched the lines in the grass as they started to shift. Gently, the man lifted his chin with his hand, and drew back his attention.*

*"Have you told Dumbledore anything?"*

*"I told him how to make a tuna salad."*

*Voldemort grinned, but fought it back, trying to keep his expression serious. He seemed to be having a hard time of it, particularly since Harry was grinning up at him.*

*"Has he asked you about me?"*

*"No, but I told him I wouldn't tell him anything when we first met."*

*The elder man cocked his head to the side. "Why not?"*

*Harry cocked his head to the other side, mirroring him. "Why would I?"*

*"You betrayed me once before."*

*"I never meant to hurt you. I just didn't want you to hurt anyone else... just because you could."*

*"It is my right."*

*"But it *isn't *right."*

*"You're one to talk about morality after what you've done."*

*"Fine, I'm Mr. Kettle and your Mr. Pot, and we're both too black to criticize each other. I still **didn't tell him anything."*

*Voldemort let out an irritated snort. "Are you with him now?"*

*"He's somewhere in the hotel... if he hasn't snuck out. I wouldn't know. He took my wand."*

*And that was a good old-fashioned sulk right there, and he threw in a shoe scuffing for effect. As he was looking down he noticed the diagram had shifted some more, and had warped so that its center was starting to edge towards his feet. He took a step back and watched as it slowly changed directions.*

*"Weird. What's it do?"*

*"Hold still and you'll find out," the Dark Lord suggested. "Has he told you anything about me?"*

*"Not really. You've made a lot of people miserable, but I knew that already."*

*"Ha ha."*

*"I want to come back." He stated, seemingly out of nowhere, but it was the only thing he had really wanted to say since he saw the Dark Lord. The rising humor drained away, leaving the dark wizard expressionless once again.*

*"Then you shouldn't have run away."*

*"I didn't. Viktor kidnapped me."*

*Voldemort snorted derisively.*

*"Alright, so I let him kidnap me," Harry admitted. "You would have killed me though if I had stayed."*

*"I still might."*

*"I really am sorry."*

*"I really don't care."*

*They fell silent, Harry staring up into his former mentor's blood red eyes and Voldemort staring into his verdant green, communicating in a look what they had ready said in words and just a little bit more. Suddenly, Voldemort pulled back and turned away.*

*"You may return," he said, stunning Harry to the core and filling him with unrealized hope, "On one condition."*

*"What? Please, I'll do anything."*

*The Dark Lord turned back to him, his mouth twisted into a cruel smirk.*

*"Hold still."*

*Below him the eye of the diagram finally shifted to directly beneath his feet, and magic welled up beneath him. He felt his magic twist inside him and the diagram pull at it sharply, as if to tear it away. His cry was more from surprise than pain, but pain quickly followed when he tried to jump away and he felt something tear. He screamed and fell, and the earth rose up to swallow him...*

---
---

Harry bolted upright in his bed, drenched in sweat and shivering. What had
happened? Not a dream. He knew dreams, nightmares in particular, and that
hadn't been either. Voldemort had been there and they talked and argued and he
had, somehow, been bespelled.

He didn't need the blood and dirt covering his feet staining his blankets to
tell him that.

---
---

Voldemort withdrew from the dream scape and awoke in his body, sitting at his
desk where his minions had left him hours before. Nagini still dozed in his
lap, content to remain in his company as long as he allowed it. He opened his
hand, in which he had held the diagram from his dream. Where the diagram had
been now read an address.

He smiled grimly down at it.

"Gotcha."
