# Recreant Knights

Voldemort stroked Nagini's head, pondering Harry and the chances of him ever
seeing him alive again. After sending the address to Morgan to handle, he was
left with nothing else to do but wait and think. Being a man of action, this
was more difficult than it sounded. A lot could go wrong in extracting Harry.
The agent could make a mistake and kill Harry, foolishly attempt to fight
Dumbledore directly and fail, or Harry may have told the old coot about the
dream and they may have left before the agent even arrived. Even if Harry was
recovered, there was still the journey back to Britain to consider.

Germany's *and* Britain's border's were closed to magical transportation. They
would have to rely on muggle transportation, and that was a treacherous route
to take for entirely different reasons. The German ministry would send out its
Aurors if they knew what happened, and again either the agent or Harry could
be killed in their pursuit. If his protégé were unwilling, that presented new
dangers all its own. The boy was resourceful, he could find a means of escape
and disappear completely.

The more he thought about it, the more it seemed likely that something was
going to go wrong.

Even if it went right, he still wasn't sure what he was going to do with
Harry.

Their meeting in the dream had been disconcerting. Six months of silence and
an assassination attempt had done nothing to lessen the magnetism he felt for
him, and he was more than a little annoyed to find himself charmed and
challenged by him all over again. He had liked talking with him. He had liked
arguing with him. He liked tricking him, but that was hardly unusual. He liked
tricking everyone. It was just a bit funner with Harry, since he always ended
up surprising him later on.

And Harry had said it was accident... the nearly killing him at least. Hadn't
Brennan said the same thing? And Diana? This didn't make it forgivable.
Messing around with someone else's soul was not something that could be easily
overlooked.

Except that Harry had. The night of the moon ritual, he had let Voldemort
change his soul forever. The boy had never held it against him, even knowing
that he had done it for completely selfish reasons.

Of course, he had been giving Harry something he wanted. To save his
godfather, and preserve what little family he had worth keeping. The Dark Lord
most definitely didn't want a completed soul. He didn't want these weird new
feelings that contradicted his reptilian logic or to be motivated by emotions
he could not control. He didn't want to forgive someone who had, however
unintentionally, betrayed him.

He had been thinking this for hours... no, for weeks... months? Still no
conclusion could be reached about what he should do. He needed advice from a
more 'divine' source. Carefully, he unwound Nagini from his body, and left her
dozing in his chair. The display cases in his office, showcasing ancient and
modern magical marvels alike, were ignored. Instead, he went to the liquor
cabinet, but avoided actually indulging, no matter how tempting it was at the
moment, and pulled from a drawer a pack of cards.

Tarot cards.

They were useless for divination as far as Voldemort was concerned, but they
were a fairly effective way of asking the universe a question about the past
or the present without a great deal of magical preparation. They didn't even
require magical cards. In fact, the best decks had no spells on them at all.

This one was no different. It was a plain deck, worth no more than five knuts,
with starkly plain pictures, not unlike a regular card set. He shuffled them
for about five minutes, not looking at his hands, merely concentrating on the
questions that had been plaguing him up until now.

Tarot was one of those rare crafts that any sentient being, magical or
mundane, could master requiring only the ability to correctly interpret the
cards and the self-discipline not to 'cheat'. Therefore, most witches and
wizards refused to acknowledge it as anything other than a hoax. Voldemort saw
no reason to correct people. It was just another hidden weapon few others knew
how to use.

He didn't ask a question, the 'universe' would know the right answer *and* the
right question, without his help. He flipped over the first card.

The Hierophant. Upright.*

He stared at it for a long time, sorting through its various meanings, but it
all came down to two. Two perfect answers, and he didn't know if he could
accept them. Even though he wanted to.

---
---

"I'm sorry," Harry blurted out, turning away from the Death Eater on the hill
to Dumbledore, "I was going to tell you, but I thought we had time. I swear I
thought we had more time."

The old wizard didn't look at him, instead scanning the entire graveyard.
Harry followed his example, and sure enough they spotted two more Death
Eaters. Their follower was no where in sight.

"I am afraid I have no idea what you are talking about," Dumbledore said,
still keeping an eye on the threat. "But we will discuss it later, if we
manage to escape the five Aurors. They certainly pulled out all the stops to
bring us down."

"Aurors?" Harry did a double take, but all he saw were the bone masks.

"Yes. The Death Eaters were disbanded shortly after the war, given high
ranking positions for their service, while the Sentinels took their place. Do
you believe Voldemort called together five high ranking Court Officials and
sent them into enemy territory for a highly risky snatch-and-grab? No, Mr.
Potter, this is one of the Minister's plots. He knows I was going to take you
out of his reach, and sent these men to retrieve you. Then he can blame your
abduction on Voldemort. He may have come to the hotel with this very plan in
mind, but hadn't counted on the wards. They had to wait until we came out into
the open and weren't surrounded by muggles to attack."

Harry felt his heart beginning to race, feeling more than his life was now in
danger. He looked around yet again, but could only see the three, who made no
attempt at concealing themselves. Instinct drew his eyes upward, where he
spotted the other two Dumbledore referred to. They hovered directly above them
like vultures. Without his wand, he was almost defenseless. There were few
spells he could do wandlessly, and he would only be able to do two or three
before he exhausted himself, which he couldn't allow if he were going to run
away. It wouldn't be enough to get passed them all. It would all be up to
Dumbledore now.

"Why aren't they attacking?" he asked.

"They want to see if we'll surrender first, most likely."

"What are we going to do?"

The old wizard scanned the cemetery grimly, assessed the situation, and after
a moment, touched Harry's shoulder with his free hand. The young wizard let
out a slight gasp, feeling magic spread into him, warm and tingling.

"This will repel two spells, three at the most," Dumbledore said. "I am sorry
I can provide you with no better protection. It will be your speed and your
cunning that saves you now. Do you think you could find your way back to the
hotel?"

"What? I have no idea-"

"816 Westerly Street."

Harry began to protest again, unable to remember the route they had taken,
but... what other choice did he have? He'd find a way.

"But they could be waiting..."

"It's enchanted against forced entry, just like your wand in the mailbox.
You'll be safe, as long as you can get inside. Once you reach the street, they
won't dare use their magic in front of muggles, but you mustn't let your guard
down."

"What about you?"

The old wizard's grim countenance melted away, and his twinkling eyes found
his. "I assure you, Mr. Potter, I am more than adequately armed to face this
threat on my own. Now, when I cast my first spell, that will trigger the
others to attack. I need you to run, as fast as you can, to the gate and then
keep running. Don't look back. Don't hesitate. Understand?"

Frankly, Harry didn't really understand what was happening. Too much had been
revealed today, and now he was going to have to run for his life from
duplicitous Ministry Aurors back to the place he had been trying to escape
only yesterday? What the hell?

"Sure. Why not? It's a nice day for a run," he laughed, his voice a touch on
the hysterical side.

"That's the spirit! Alright, we best take care of our friends up there first.
*Tacicimos!*"

One of the robed figures above them suddenly jerked, smashing into his (her?)
partner and knocked him from his broom. Flailing, the unseated flyer fell from
his brooms to the ground below. The still mounted Auror cast some sort of
spell, and regained control of his broom, only to have another spell from
somewhere else knock him off. It seemed Dumbledore's blue robed follower had
finally decided to show up.

Harry didn't stay to sort out where everyone was or what they were doing, he
was already bolting for the gate. Two Aurors ran to head him off, and it was
with more than a little concern that Harry noticed at least one of them was
closer to the gate than him. Behind him he heard the sound of stones
shattering, and knew Dumbledore was now fully engaged in a battle of his own.

The Death Eater reached the gate first, blocking the exit. They had not
bothered to stun Harry, so they had to have known he was unarmed, and assumed
him defenseless. It wasn't until the 'Death Eater' saw the boy wasn't slowing
down, that he realized something was off, but it was already too late.

"*Stupefy!*" the Auror shouted, and Harry was too close to avoid it. It
smashed into his chest, momentarily knocking the breath out of him, but
ultimately bounced off him harmlessly. Harry threw out his hand, shouting one
of his wandless spells.

"*Expelliarmus!*"

The Auror was thrown back, his wand torn from his grip, and he landed in the
street. Harry dived behind a tombstone, as he heard yet another stunner being
cast at him. It barely missed him. He had barely taken cover when another
spell flew at him, this time a Blasting Spell.

The tombstone he was hiding behind exploded, sending him flying into the side
of a plith of a statue. Pain stabbed at him everywhere, in his head, in his
back, arms, legs. For a moment, he could only lay there, too shocked to move.
He couldn't believe they had actually done that. That could have killed him...
it may already have.

Blood was running down his face, getting into his eyes and mouth. His glasses
were gone, knocked off in the mayhem, but he didn't need to see to know there
was blood on his hands or that they were shaking badly. Was anything broken?
How deeply had he been cut? Was anything lodged in him? He was too afraid to
move, to find something that *was* broken or that he *had* been cut deeply or
that there *was* something still inside him.

He was still just laying there, when the Auror caught up to him. The wizard
just gave him a quick once over, then grabbed hold of his arm and hauled him
to his feet. New pain flared, making him cry out, but at least he now knew
nothing was broken.

"Wo ist dein Zauberstab?" the man shouted, shaking him harshly, his cover
instantly blown. "Where are you hiding it?"

"What?"

"Your wand, damn you?! Tell me or I'll break your arm!"

The hand on his arm tightened, revealing a strength capable of carrying out
that threat. Harry hissed and grit his teeth. They thought he still had his
wand? Of course they did. They had no idea about his wandless ability.

"I dropped it!" he cried.

"I just bet," the man snarled, and threw him back onto the ground.
"*Stupefy!*"

Again the Stunner hit him directly and again it bounced off, but Harry let
himself sag and fall, partially to trick the man but mostly because he was
really hurting. The Auror walked up to him, and Harry thought he would pick
him up or drag him, but he moved passed him and towards the gate.

"Meier! Get out of the street before you're run over, we still have the old
man to deal with! Idiot!"

Harry opened his eyes and watched the vague, blurry figure of the Auror
stepping through the other side of the gate to help his comrade. As soon as he
was out of sight, Harry got to his hands and knees and began searching the
grass for his glasses. It was not his glasses that he found, however, but
something much better.

It was Meier's wand.

He could feel the magic inside tingle as he touched it, not like his own wand,
but it would work.

"*Accio* glasses."

His glasses flew to his hand, and he put them on. One of the lenses was
cracked, but he could now see much better than before. Turning back to
Dumbledore, he could now see why the old wizard hadn't tried to help him. He
had his hands full fighting off three wizards at once, while his helper was
hiding somewhere, and casting spells from some hidden spot but only enough to
cover his back. The two on broomsticks had apparently recovered from their
fall, and were going all out. It was mesmerizing to watch. The Aurors were
well trained, their attacks perfectly in sync and always varying, but
Dumbledore just wouldn't fall, throwing out shields and hexes and illusions,
and the follower threw the Auror's strategy into chaos. He had to tear his
gaze away. He had his own battles to worry about.

Struggling to his feet, he limped towards the hedge and squeezed inside. He
could already hear the two Aurors arguing, and while they were distracted he
cast a spell on the iron gate closest to him. Through the iron gate, he
watched for the right opportunity.

"Leave off, Shauffer," the disarmed Auror snapped, shoving the other man off
as he climbed to his feet. "How was I suppose to know he was a little freak? I
hit him spot on, and he barely moved. I didn't even see a wand. I mean what
the hell?"

"Enough of your bullshit. Get your wand and come on. I mean if you think you
can handle an unconscious teenager. I know it's challenge, but-," Shauer cooed
at him mockingly.

"Shut up!"

They stepped back into the cemetery, and Harry made him move, pushing aside
the now rubbery iron gate and climbing out onto the side walk. As soon as he
was on the other side, he hobbled across the street, barely taking the time to
check for traffic and moved as quickly as he could. The houses along the
street were all connected, leaving no alleyways to hide in, and with every
step he became increasingly anxious that the Aurors would come back out and
see him.

What he hadn't counted on, was the kindness of strangers. No sooner than he
was half way up the street, than a passing car suddenly slowed beside him.
Harry turned in alarm, expecting an attack, but what he saw was a young woman,
barely into her twenties staring at him with some alarm.

"Are you alright?"

"I..." he quickly looked down the street, so see if anyone was coming. The
street sloped upward, meaning he should have been able to look over the fence
and into the cemetery, and indeed he saw graves and trees, but no Dumbledore
and no fake Death Eaters or exploded tombstones. They had spelled it so no one
would notice what was happening inside... but that didn't mean they couldn't
see him outside.

"Uh... no," he choked out, looking at her desperately hoping for some help.
"Can you get me out of here? I don't really care where, just... not here?"

She looked surprised, and then looked back at where he had been looking. Of
course, she didn't see anything.

"Did someone hurt you, honey?" she asked, then realizing he seemed to think
the danger hadn't passed, opened her door. "Get in. I'll take you to the
police station."

A police station wasn't where he wanted to go, but it would be better than
here. He climbed into the front seat, and she pulled away from the curve. He
kept checking the mirrors and looking over his shoulder, but as the cemetery
faded from view and pulled into busier streets he felt himself start to relax.

Annie was the name of his rescuer, and her first order of business was to ask
him what happened. He told her he was mugged and beaten up, which she seemed
to think odd for the neighborhood, but didn't question. The second was to call
his parents. He told her they were staying at a hotel, vacationing from
Britain and all, and that he had an address but not the number or even knew
where it was precisely. It took a little bit more haggling, but he managed to
convince her he would rather go find his parents than a police officer, and
after a brief stop at a kiosk to figure out exactly where 816 Westerly Street
actually was, made their way across town.

When they finally reached the hotel, the day had warmed up and the streets
were crowded. Harry felt both relieved and paranoid. Like Dumbledore said, no
witch or wizard would attempt magic on him here, but that didn't mean one
wasn't hidden in the crowd, invisible amongst the multitude.

"Thanks for everything," he said to Annie, who smiled and gave him a pitying
look.

"You sure you don't want me to take you up?"

"No, it's okay. You've done too much already."

"Well, I hope it was enough to make up for what happened to you. I am sorry
that you had to go through that on your vacation. We are all usually much more
welcoming."

He smiled shakily at her. "I know. Thanks, again."

Climbing out of the car, he made a quick look around and moved as quickly as
he could to the door. His primary fear was that it would be locked with magic,
but the door opened and closed behind him without incident. It wasn't until he
was inside, that he remembered he had never figured out exactly how to get
back *out*. The door handle was still missing.

Likewise, he didn't see anyone around. He checked Dumbledore's office, but
found it empty. So was the kitchen and the bar.

Now what?

To find an empty room, curl up and hide seemed like a wonderful idea.
Wonderful, but stupid. He needed to be able to defend himself... which
technically he could now. He had a wand, and it worked, but... it wasn't *his*
wand.

So wand first.

Retrieving his wand, now that he had another wand, turned out to be absurdly
easy. A few flicks and the password, Cockroach Clusters (seriously?), and he
pulled his wand out of its slot without issue. Now he had *two wands. *How
awesome was that? He stuck the spare wand in the back of his pocket with his
knife, and headed for the stairs.

It felt like an eternity before he reached his room, every part of him aching,
including his previously injured feet. As he made his ascent, the
conversations he had just had with Dumbledore flooded his mind, the shear
volume and impact of information leaving him numb to it. As he sifted through
it, he realized he had said some things he hadn't intended to tell, not even
if tortured. Nothing about Madris or the Moon, and he had very nearly told the
old man about the first Winter Solstice, when he had shared something beyond
description with the Dark Lord, something the old man could never have
experienced with Grindlewald.

Why had he said that? Why had he said anything at all?

He suddenly felt tricked, manipulated... and hated himself for it. He had
sworn to himself he wouldn't fall for any of the old coot's tricks, but he had
just been falling into them one after the other. Dumbledore had told him to
give up his wand, yet the very next day he had been attacked and left to fend
for himself. He had told Harry things, causing him to drop his guard. Who knew
what he would have told him if the Auror's hadn't interrupted them.

Dumbledore had already tricked the Minister in order to gain custody of him.
And for what? For Harry? Impossible. The old wizard was a politician, even his
charities suggested he had strong ties with powerful witches and wizards and
the people in general, and wouldn't risk making an enemy of the German
Minister unless the gain outweighed the risk. What did he think he could gain
from making Harry his ally? Was he really gambling on his information on
Voldemort to be so valuable or was he banking on something else?

When he reached his room, he stripped out of his ruined clothes and took a
shower, a torture all its own as the soap stung his wounds. The water turned
pink as it flowed down the drain. He check his wounds, and found too many for
his liking, particularly on his back and shoulders which also starting to turn
purple, but nothing that looked too serious. He couldn't leave them bare like
he had his feet though (which had re-opened as well and ruined his socks), and
used his knife to cut up strips of bedsheets and used them for bandages. He
redressed in slacks and a button up shirt, nothing unusual for a muggle, but
exchanged his shoes for his charmed boots and slipped his arm guards
underneath his shirt. He raided his satchel for anything that might prove
useful in a fight (or flight), and found the golden ring for his watch, the
UnSilencing Bell, but nothing else inconspicuous enough to wear around
muggles.

One of the Weasley twin's wigs, however, found a use and after charming his
glasses invisible, he found himself looking... not like Harry Potter. The wig
was magical, turning not only the hair on his head blond (and long), but also
his eyebrows and eye lashes, and the absence of his glasses made him look
older. He thought he looked rather like a college art student... which turned
out to look pouncier than he would have liked.

"You ready to go then?" he asked his reflection, who regarded him
unenthusiastically. "Well, tough luck. We aren't sticking around here."

He put on his satchel, ignored his trunk, and opened the window. He looked up
and down the street, up at the sky above, the windows of the adjacent
buildings, but saw nothing but muggles. Muggles who were going to make his
escape less than conspicuous, but also ensure no one was going to swoop down
out of nowhere and grab him.

He wasn't entirely sure what he was going to do after that.

---
---

"He's not in the cemetery. You sure there wasn't anyone else?" Tonks asked
Dumbledore, striding towards him. The five Aurors were now unconscious, and
latched together with ropes and devoid of wands. Dumbledore was quite happy to
leave them there until the police showed up and arrested them for defacing the
surrounding graves, and put them through an embarrassing and much deserved
processing down at the muggle police station until the Ministry tracked them
down and sorted things out. Depending on how vindictive he was feeling once he
reached the hotel, he may or may not give a call to the local wizarding paper
and tip them off to the Auror's less than righteous activities.

He had to find Harry first.

"I am quite sure I saw Harry collapsed over there, but he seems to have
disappeared. Given that one of these Auror was missing their wand, I think it
might not be unreasonable to assume he took the wand and ran away under his
own power."

Tonks shook her head and ran a hand through her, currently black and red
streaked, hair. "Great. How far do you think he got before someone else picked
him up? A block? Two?"

They began to make their way out of the cemetery, and she pulled off her blue
robe to reveal a light peach colored dress and white sandals. Together they
looked like daughter accompanying her grandfather somewhere or other, and
while she was not invisible anymore they did look inconspicuous together.

"Let us hope our young friend was resourceful and lucky enough to make it back
to the hotel."

"Or that he even bothered to go back to the hotel. He may have just run off
into the city and disappeared," she pointed out, extremely disgruntled over
this turn of events. She hadn't wanted to take the boy out in the open to
begin with, too many risk factors even without the Minister's men after them,
and now they had lost him.

"A possibility," he admitted, "but I think he trusts me enough now to consider
my hospitality preferable to the Ministry's or the great unknown. We should
hurry though. Once Seibligg discovers his failure, he will no doubt try again
before we can get out of the country."

She let out an irritated huff. "Easy for you to say, you don't have to walk
the entire way in these shoes."

"Alas, my dear, the anti-apparition wards around the country are rather
tedious, but you may be comforted to know your shoes are very flattering. I am
quite certain any gentlemen we pass will be quite envious of me for having
your company."

She slapped him on the shoulder and rolled her eyes, but she couldn't fight
off a smile completely. Their plans were falling apart like a tissue in the
rain and they had gained yet *another *enemy, and he was flirting with her!

Only Dumbledore could be that charmingly weird.

---
---

Climbing five stories down a rope ladder (transfigured from his Durmstrang
uniforms) was a lot more awkward than Harry had thought it would be. It didn't
help that a small crowd had gathered outside the inn to watch him do it.
Nevertheless, he managed to successfully descend to the side walk, and the
crowd gave him a little applause for his troubles.

"What were you doing up there, kid?" someone inevitably asked.

"Er... fire drill."

"Told you so," another observer said to her friend.

The spectacle over, the people started to wander off, and Harry was one of
them. Looking around for anyone suspicious, he hurried off down the street.
His first thought was to get out of the city. This was easy enough to
accomplish with the many rail systems and tourist buses. All he had to do was
cast a Notice-Me-Not Charm, sneak aboard and ride the rest of the way to...
anywhere. After that, he would have to figure out what he was going to do.

He walked quickly, but kept himself from running. Running was suspicious, and
if wizarding spies hadn't just seen him escape out a window, he didn't want to
draw their attention now. And also, he was in a significant amount of pain and
exhausted already. So with a great deal of paranoia, he walked several more
blocks until he was completely out of the neighborhood and in some sort of
shopping center and found what he was looking for. There was a kiosk in the
center of the square, and there was of course a map of the city printed on one
side of it with symbols of important landmarks, including the train and subway
stations and the airport and bus routes. Concentrating on his next destination
(he was starting to entertain the idea of hopping on a plane to New York), he
forgot to keep looking around.

He was only mildly surprised when he felt a hand on his shoulder and something
sharp pointing into his back.

"Very clever, kid. I applaud you on your ingenuity. Now if you would be so
kind as to hand over your wand?" the voice said in perfect English. Shakily,
Harry handed over the spare wand, which the still unseen man behind him
confiscated.

"Who are you?"

"Just a bloke trying to earn a living. The Dark Lord says 'hi', by the way."

Harry grimaced. *Out of the pan and into the pot and then straight into the
fire. Only your luck **could this twisted*, he lamented. The man grabbed his
arm, causing Harry to grimace as pressure was placed on one of his cuts, and
pulled him away from the square. Now, Harry could see the man clearly. He was
medium height, in his thirties, brunette with a week's worth of stubble and
hard eyes. His clothes were ragged, but he held himself with a sort of
confidence that belied his social standing. Something about him reminded him
of Sirius.

They only made it a few feet before Harry started to resist, digging in his
heels. The man turned back to glare at him, and tightened his arm
threateningly.

"Let go or I'll scream," Harry warned him.

His abductor snorted. "I knew you'd be a handful. There's nothing omega about
you, is there?"

It suddenly clicked for him why the man seemed familiar.

"You're a werewolf."

"Clever, clever. Which is why you should know better than to threaten me. You
scream and the first person who comes to help you gets to spend the rest of
their life with odd cravings for raw meat and a sudden fondness for the moon.
Have I made myself understood?"

Harry glowered at him, but nodded. He couldn't risk innocent people getting
caught up in his fight. He would just have to figure a way out of this
himself. It shouldn't be too hard. He had been escaping all day. He was on a
roll.

And he still had his own wand tucked up his sleeve and knife tucked into his
boot.

Letting himself be dragged along, he waited for his opportunity.

"So what are you going to do to me?" he asked. Though assassination seemed
likely, it just didn't seem to fit with what Voldemort had told him last night
in his dream. Merlin, had that only be last night?

"My job is to take you back to the UK, but if you keep dragging your feet I'll
take a detour to beat the shit out of you. Hurry it up."

"I just had the shit beaten out of me, asshole. It doesn't improve my pace any
in case you haven't noticed."

They were out of the square now and half way down a street of apartments, and
only a couple was walking their dog far ahead of them. The werewolf jerked him
forward, the blade he was carrying now finding it to Harry's throat. The boy
froze, the first real sense of fear of the man coming over him.

"Don't push me, you little prick. You ever sass me again and I'll cut out your
damn tongue."

*Oh yeah, werewolf*, Harry remembered, *you don't go picking fights with the dominants. Not unless you knew you could win. *He wisely kept his mouth shut, and the man put his knife away and started moving again.

"And stop looking around for escapes. If I have to chase you, you'll be
sorry."

And Harry believed him, which was why he couldn't let him chase after him. His
wand was still up his sleeve, but he couldn't use it with the werewolf
gripping his arm. Likewise, his wandless magic could backfire on him while
they were this close. That left the knife in his boot. The knife he couldn't
get to if they kept up their current pace.

"Please... can't we just stop... for a second? I really did get beat up."

The werewolf glared at him, but stopped. "What the hell happened to you any
way? How did you ditch the old man?"

Harry blinked. "You didn't follow us?"

"I didn't go any further than the bus stop. I just waited around for you to
come back. Your coming alone made things a lot simpler than I expected."

"I got on the wrong side of a Blasting Hex. The stone I was hiding behind sort
of exploded on me."

The man gave him a weird look. "What the hell did you say to piss off that old
goat?"

"He's not the one who tried to blow me up! Those were Aurors!."

The man tensed, and looked around. "Break time is over. Come on."

His moment of distraction was all Harry needed to grab the knife out of his
boot, which he promptly brought to the man's throat. The werewolf tensed.

"Let me go and step away."

"You don't want to do that. Just put the knife away. No one has to get hurt."

"Mister, I've been nothing but hurt all freaking day. I'm tired, sore, and and
frankly sick of being kidnapped. So back off," he said, prodding him with
gentle poke of the knife. To his surprise, it cut into the skin easier than he
had thought, and he flinched as he saw the blood. It was a mistake.

The man let go and moved away quickly, but only far enough to move his neck
out of harm's way. In stead of retreating, he grabbed Harry's wrist and jerked
him forward, meeting him with a savage head butt.

The world exploded into pain and lights and stars, and then just as quickly
went dark.

---
---

"How precisely did you talk me into doing research the day after we get back
from school?" Draco whined, following Hermione through the isles of books. The
Treacle Tatterly Public Library was quiet, and almost empty, much as any
library should be during summer break in the young Malfoy's opinion.

"I didn't," she said, not bothering to tear her eyes away from the titles
listed in front of her, "I said I was going to the library and you insisted on
following in case I were kidnapped by rogue Bulgarian Quidditch players."

"You know that's not as funny when we actually know someone it's happened to.
What are you hoping to find here that wasn't at the school library?"

"I'm hoping to find some of the book I couldn't get to because they were in
the restricted section. They don't have a restricted section here."

"That's because their selection is lame."

"Hush. I think I found one."

She pulled out a large book, the cover green faded almost to brown and the
edges tattered.

"What is it?" Draco asked, not really interested. After months of trying to
help Hermione figure out exactly what she had forgotten the day Viktor had run
off with Harry (and he still had urges to throttle her after she told him
about her reckless confrontation), and finding nothing he was more than
willing to just forget the entire incident. What did it even matter? Knowing
what happened wouldn't get Harry back, alleviate Krum of his treachery, or
help Uncle Severus (according to mother, he had already weaseled his way out
trouble on his own).

"It's a book for diagnosing and treating memory loss."

"Why would that be in the Restricted Section at Hogwarts?"

"I don't know. Lets find out."

With a sigh, he followed her out into the study area and resigned himself to
wait. It took less time than he thought. It took half an hour in one decrepit
book to find an answer that had been evading her for six months.

"I think I was obliviated," she said, frowning down at her book. Draco blinked
at her.

"Pardon?"

"Obliviated. It's really bad. I'll never be able to recover the memory on my
own."

"Wait, wait, wait. What is 'obliviated'? How do you know you weren't hit with
a regular forgetting hex."

"Draco, please. I tried the counter spells for nearly a dozen memory spells,
and none of them worked. An obliviation is different though. It doesn't just
hide a memory, it fragments it and then buries it. It's considered a Dark Arts
spell."

"Do you think it was Oblitz then? He is a former Auror and Dark Arts Teacher.
I bet he knows a ton of spells like that."

She frowned, flipping through the pages. "Maybe. I don't know why he would
bother though. Why not just stun me?"

Draco shrugged. "Why do you think it was even an obliviation?"

"It's... it just fits the symptoms... or the *lack* of symptoms. Most memory
spells have after affects, they fade and you start to remember or you dream
about the incident or have a strong case of deja vu. With an obliviation you
don't have any of those things. It's like nothing ever happened."

"Sounds kind of feeble, if you ask me... and there isn't a cure? If that's
even what's wrong with you."

She closed the book and looked him in the eye, and he instantly knew she was
going to propose something he wasn't going to like.

"I can't get to the memory myself. Maybe if I were some sort of meditation
guru I could, but that takes years of training and mental preparation.
However... I know someone who could."

"... if you say Ron, I'm going to pop you one just out of principle."

"What? No, of course not! I meant Uncle Severus. He's a skilled Legilimens. He
could probably do it... but..."

"And the other shoe drops... but what?"

"... Remember how I said the memory is fragmented and buried?"

"Yeah."

"Well... in order to put it back together, I would have to let him sift
through my other memories."

He blinked at her. Then looked horrified. "No way!"

Someone shushed them from the other end of the library.

"Are you serious? I like Uncle Severus and all, but do really want him poking
through your head. In case you've forgotten, we weren't... aren't exactly
saints. We've broken priceless artifacts and blamed it on House Elves-"

"- technically only you did that-"

"Snuck out after curfew at home and school-"

"Yes, well-"

"And stolen books out of his library!"

"Borrowed, Draco. I always put them back."

"Not to mention all the embarrassing stuff, like the first time you kissed
someone or that time you wet yourself in public."

"I was five and I *told* Narcissa I really had to go."

"Anyway, do you really want him to see all of that? Do you really want to
*make* him see all of that? Is it even worth it?"

Hermione shook her head. "It's not just about the memory. I woke unconscious
on the floor, Draco, and I have no idea how I got there or how long I had been
out. I was helpless, completely vulnerable. What if someone... did something
to me?"

Her brother suddenly paled. It had never occurred to him that something other
than being knocked unconscious could have happened to her. There had been no
marks on her, her clothes were intact, and she had only seemed scared of being
found out, not of being... that.

"I don't just mean rape, Draco. I'm pretty sure no one had the time to do it
and to get rid of the evidence that thoroughly. But what if it were something
else? What if I were forced to tell an important secret or have another spell
on me that I'm unaware of? What if I betrayed someone and don't even know it?"

"... but what if it's nothing and you end up betraying those secrets to Snape
instead?"

"I've got to know. Not knowing is driving me insane. Besides, I trust him."

"He's Slytherin, Hermione. As a four year veteran of that particular House, I
can safely say he'll only keep secrets as long as it's advantageous for him to
do so."

"That's an awful thing to say."

"Awful? I'd be disappointed in him if he didn't!"

Her only response to that was to roll her eyes. She had already made up her
mind, and Draco knew it was impossible to dissuade her. His only hope was to
dissuade his godfather from going along with her foolhardy scheme.

They checked out the book and took the floo to a little pub, and from there
made their way up the winding road towards Snape's house. It wasn't until they
were actually at his door that the awkwardness of the situation began to dawn
Hermione. Their godfather wasn't exactly the sort of man who cared for
unexpected visits.

However, as a Gryffindor, stubbornness accounted as much for her bravery as
anything else.

"Uncle Severus!" she called, knocking on the door. "It's Hermione and Draco. I
have to talk to you. It's important."

It took a few more minutes of persistent pounding, but eventually the door
cracked open to reveal a very unhappy potions master.

"Someone better be dead."

"Uncle Severus, you would really feel awful if you had said that and it turned
out to be the case."

"I imagine it couldn't be much worse than now. Do you know what time it is?"

Draco checked his watch. "11:26."

The potions master let out a tired sigh and stepped away from the door,
letting godchildren inside. "What do you want?"

Hermione told him. Snape stared at her blandly through the entire explanation,
sighed again, rubbed his forehead, and turned to Draco.

"What time did you say it was again?"

---
---

Harry was jostled awake when the car came to an abrupt stop, and his seatbelt
caught him and threw him back into his seat, knocking him upside the head.

"Ah, fuck, fuck, fuck..." he cursed, holding his pounding head in his hands.
It felt as if someone had tapping on his skull with hammer for the last hour.

"Hey, no cussing in front of my kids," he heard snapped at him from somewhere
ahead of him. He groaned, pulling his hands away from his head so that he
could see exactly where he was now and in what state.

The first thing he noticed was that he was in a rather small car. The second,
was that it was a very crowded small car. The man from before was at the
driver's wheel, and in the passenger's seat was a woman. Sitting beside him in
the back were two children, a boy and girl, neither more than nine years old.
He blinked at them blearily, and they blinked back with wide brown eyes. Who
were they?

"Here, drink this. You're probably dehydrated," the woman upfront said in a
barely discernible Scottish accent. She held out a water bottle, and only
after a moment's hesitation did he reach out to accept it... then realized his
hands were tied together. He looked at the ropes binding his bare wrists, then
realized his button-up shirt was missing. In fact, as he looked himself over,
he realized he was missing just about everything. His boots, his arm guard
(and his wand), his boots, his wig (no real loss there since it itched
something awful), and his socks. The only thing left to him was his
undershirt, his pants, and the make-shift bandages he had made for himself..

"Come on, drink up," the woman urged. Slowly, he accepted the bottle and took
a drink. It was cold, and soothing, and not nearly enough. He felt confused,
sick, and sore. Outside his window he could see other cars whipping by them
and farmland stretching out behind those. Where were they?

"Where are we?"

"About twenty miles south of Cologne," the woman said. "How do you feel?"

"Probably about as good as I look. Do you have a headache potion, perchance?"

The man snorted.

"Or a Tylenol? I'm not picky."

"Nothing. I'm sorry," she said.

"It's fine."

"Oh, now you decide to be polite?" the man scoffed. Harry glared at him.

"You're hardly in a position to criticize. You said hello with a knife at my
back."

"Point taken. Now that you're our guest, I am going to set up some ground
rules. If you follow these rules, maybe you'll get to where you're going in
better shape than you are now," the man said, watching the road and Harry in
his rear view mirror simultaneously. Harry scanned his prison on wheels for
routes of escape and the scenery outside for potential sanctuary. "Rule 1, you
call me 'Sir', you call my wife 'Ma'am', and you don't talk to John, Jane, or
Noah period."

Harry looked at the two children beside him. "Where's number three?"

From behind his seat there came a rustle, and third child made an appearance.
He was about five and was missing half his teeth when he grinned at Harry.

"I'm Noah!"

"Noah, you're not suppose to talk to him, remember?" John scolded, glowering
as menacingly as a nine-year old can.

"Oops!" he ducked back behind the seat and disappeared.

"Rule 2, you will respect me and every order I give you. Rule 3, you will
respect my wife and every order she gives you. Rule 4, you will not try to
escape."

"That it?"

"I doubt we'll be together long enough for any other rules to come into play."

*Small blessings*.

What was he going to do now?

---
---

[^86-1]: If you want to know what the Upright Hierophant stands for, you'll have to
go look it up. Otherwise, I'm going to keep you guessing until Harry and
Voldemort meet again.
