# Bad Omens

"I'm really sorry, Ginny," he said, for what had to a have been the
sixth time in the last hour. The little redhead glared at him from her
hospital bed, white as a sheet and sweating from the discomfort of
re-growing an entire bone. He sat next to her in a chair, ramrod
straight and struggling to look at her.

"Will you shut up about it already? I assure you I'm quite bored with
the subject right now," she snipped. She had spent all day putting up
with her boyfriend insistence that she tell McGonagall or the school
paper that Harry intentionally hurt her, and her sympathy had gone the
way of her patience. "Talk about something else. Where were you earlier?
You said you would be by after Gerry left and that was hours ago. And
stop looking guilty, I'm not accusing you of anything."

"Voldemort's in the castle."

She waited for him to elaborate, but his silence dragged and told her
clearly that something important had happened and was now bothering him.
He looked tired and strained, worried in ways that reminded her of her
mother when the season's crop failed. Finally, he continued.

"There have been attacks in Germany, and the minister is blaming
werewolves. He's probably right this time."

"Oh, Harry…"

"There's more. I've been given the rather unenviable job of justifying
Voldemort continued support of Proposal 4-66, even though it will lead
to war. I spent nearly two hours with a Voices for All rep trying to
figure out how."

She blinked at him. That was… absurd. How could the Dark Lord make Harry
take on that burden on top of everything else he did already? It was so
unfair.

"I'm really scared, Ginny. It's gotten ugly so fast, and it's only going
to get worse."

"I'm sorry."

He smiled weakly at her. "Will you shut up about it already? I assure
you I'm quite bored of the subject right now. Let's talk about something
else. So how did you hook up with Gerry?"

Ginny rolled her eyes, but obliged him. They both needed a distraction,
something lighter than the other person's problems.

---

Snape sat in the Great Hall, looking for all the world like a man not
enjoying his company or his dinner. Harry was in London again to be
interviewed. The Dark Lord was accompanying him personally this time to
make it clear that both he and Harry were in moral and practical
agreement of their continued support of France and the werewolves, even
as they condemned the Berlin attacks. Voldemort's attendance on Harry
meant Snape was allowed to stay behind and gauge the castle residents'
reaction to the news that had just barely been outlined to them in the
morning post. Their feelings varied.

The staff was naturally suspicious of Voldemort's possible involvement
in the attacks, but for the most part seemed to agree there was no point
in punishing all the werewolves or their French allies by retracting
their support to placate an already hostile country. McGonagall was in a
bitter mood that afternoon, and displaying definite resentment towards
Snape after Harry had been dragged off to deal with the Dark Lord's
political mess. Lockhart, being a living propaganda pamphlet, was the
only one who believed whole heartedly in Voldemort's innocence, and said
as much to anyone who would listen (or pretend to listen). Toure didn't
think Voldemort was innocent, but his move was brilliant nonetheless.

The students, however, were a mixed bag. Those who had been against
Proposal 4-66 were now shouting they had been right, waving their
newspapers at their opposition like it was a bloody flag. Whitmore and
Sabbat were the most vocal and obnoxious, and they were meeting very
little resistance so far. Most of the students didn't know what to
think. The news they had received was woefully incomplete and painted a
frightening picture, and with Harry away and their teachers offering no
guidance they were scrambling for reassurances. It was obvious what
Harry's stance would be, but he had suffered a very recent fall from
grace because of the quidditch debacle, exacerbated by Gerald St. James
and other 'Harry-haters' and Ginny Weasley's inability to clarify while
she continued to rest in the infirmary. The Weasley brothers' continued
support softened the recrimination, but also left people more confused
than ever.

Snape hoped things would improve the next day with Voldemort's solid
stance and Harry's own idealistic moral compass made available in the
morning post, helping to re-orient a deeply confused and frightened
public. Ginny Weasley would be out of the infirmary and Harry would be
back, allowing for students to witness their reconciliation and
hopefully silence the rumors that propagated in his absence. From there
it would be up to Harry to win over the student body, and Snape didn't
envy him in the least.

Hermione could have been a great asset with her pull in the school
paper, but her Gryffindor ideals crippled her from taking full advantage
of it. Draco had great sway in Slytherin from first years to seventh,
but he understood well enough that too much support of Harry from his
own house would weaken his friend's relations with the other three, and
had wisely kept his followers neutral in public. Gryffindor had no
strong single leader, leaving it divided and shifting in its opinions
and Ravenclaw was the same way. Diggory had been supportive of Harry,
but his former classmates had all graduated and left and he was now too
old to participate in either quidditch or Dueling Club (except as a
supervisor which Snape was more grateful for than he would ever admit)
where he could demonstrate his leadership skills, leaving him in an
awkward position of a has-been.

Snape's assessment of the Hogwart's political climate (which he often
found mirrored that of Britain as a whole), was interrupted by a
butterfly. It was black and yellow, and nearly the size of his hand. How
exactly it had gotten inside, as all the windows and doors were closed
against the cool autumn night, was a mystery but its source was not. It
landed on the edge of cup and promptly transformed into a letter, yellow
with thick black script. McGonagall, who had observed it, couldn't help
but offer her professional assessment.

"Very elegant, but she needs to follow through with the spell. The final
product is hardly subtle."

"How do you know it was a 'her'?" he asked.

"A man would never use a butterfly… not unless he didn't care about you
questioning his masculinity."

Snape spared her a smirk, and turned to the letter.

Dear Professor

I apologize for my behavior last week. It was unspeakably rude and
melodramatic, but I'm afraid you caught me off guard and I panicked. I
am sorry. If you can forgive a lady a moment of silliness, I would like
to see you again.

Sincerely,

Ira Beadle

Well, look at that. Snape smiled, inexplicably pleased. It seemed Ira
had come to her senses and even sacrificed a bit of pride to apologize.
This was the first good news he'd had all week. Except now he had to
figure out where to take her next. Nothing immediately came to mind. He
hadn't been on a date since… well, Larousse, but that didn't count since
she usually picked the place.

"Why, Severus, I didn't know you had it in you!"

Snape mentally winced as Lockhart's congeniality stabbed his brain.
Cautiously, he turned to see the man beaming down at him over his
shoulder.

"Lockhart," he acknowledged coolly.

"Oh, no dear sir, call me Gilderoy. I couldn't help but notice you seem
to have the affections of a lady friend."

Snape couldn't remember the last time he had blushed, but he'd be damned
if he did so because this idiot had no sense of tact. He didn't have to
struggle with it long, as Lockhart sat himself next to him, and his
mortification was soon replaced by annoyance.

"Congratulations!" the blond man said, "Love is a many splendored thing.
Is she lovely? Of course, she is. What am I saying? You're a man of
taste. I heard about Vesper, poor dear. Magnificent woman though.
Anyway, I just thought I'd offer up some advice. I have quite a bit of
experience charming the ladies, if you get my meaning, and I thought you
might like a few pointers. For instance, you hair…"

Snape tried several times over the next hour to interrupt or walk away,
but every time he tried the man interrupted his interruption and when he
got up to leave, Lockhart blindly started following him without taking
the hint. If he didn't possess a strong self confidence, he would be
suffering a supreme sense of self doubt after the man's less than
flattering list of recommended improvements ranging from his hair, his
teeth, and his potion-stained fingers to his choice of residence in the
dungeon and preference for plain black clothes. Luckily, he did possess
self confidence, but unfortunately for Lockhart, he also possessed a
Slytehrin's enjoyment of revenge and once he had finally escaped to his
rooms he went to his private library and pulled out his favorite book of
poisons.

---

Fleur polished her shoes by hand, and tried her best not to smudge her
fingers. A musketeer's uniform was a symbol of their pride, and she had
been taught the importance of its upkeep from day one. Master Bodine,
her teacher and mentor, was busy polishing his sword, also by hand.

This was one aspect of her service that she had not anticipated. A
musketeer abstained from using their magic whenever possible, building
up their reserves until it became necessary. It startled her how used to
using spells she was, and how complacent she had been about it. She had
never had to polish her own shoes or iron or wash or mend her clothes,
having servants and then magic take care of those menial tasks, and if
it weren't for potions she wouldn't even know how to boil water to make
spaghetti. During school, she could have used a dozen spells before
breakfast and another fifty before the day was through, and she hadn't
realized how much magic she had been wasting in the process. Bodine had
been quick to teach her by refusing to let her touch her wand for nearly
a week. It had been an exceptionally humiliating week, learning how to
do tasks a muggle child would probably have been able to do.

After a few months, however, she was proud of her progress and even
proud of something other than her magic for once. She could sew a mean
cross-stitch. Right now, however, she was not thinking of magic or
cross-stitching.

"What is it, princess?" Bodine asked, tacking on the moniker she still
loathed even now. "You have been very quiet. You didn't even complain
when I burnt the toast this morning."

"Of course, I didn't. I fed it to Chopin[^95-1] when you weren't looking."

"Now you're just being facetious. What's troubling you? Are you getting
split ends?"

She glared at him. A musketeer's uniform was his pride, but the man
seemed bound and determined to break her of any lingering vanity through
mockery. She didn't appreciate his efforts in the slightest.

"I'm just thinking about the attacks in Berlin and what it means for
us."

"A whole lot of fun."

"Now who's being facetious?"

"I assure you I am perfectly serious. These are the sort of times
musketeers dream of. Battles and intrigue and spying and clandestine
affairs. It's going to be glorious. We just have to be a little bit
patient."

"That's awful!"

"That's opportunity. You are a very lucky girl to come into the ranks
when and how you have. You are friends with that young man, Harry, who's
turning into a regular prince charming and is growing in power with
every passing day, you already have a reputation from the Triwizard
Tournament, and now a war is coming where you will be able to prove
yourself to Queen and country. Play your cards right and you'll rise
through the ranks in no time. Besides, it really is a lot of fun this
whole war business. There'll be a few scares, mind you, but over all
it's really exciting."

She shook her head, but it was a token gesture. If she were honest with
herself, she *was* looking forward to the fighting. She wanted a little
payback against the German Ministry that had hurt Harry and all those
innocent people. She did not know any werewolves herself, but being
part-veela she had a personal interest in the treatment of those not
entirely human. Madam Maxime had taught her the importance of standing
up for others as well as ones' self.

"You're just worried about being too busy to see that boyfriend of
yours," Bodine laughed. "Don't worry about it. When things get
interesting you'll be traveling a lot. Make a boyfriend in every town
you stop at and you'll never be lonely!" he guffawed.

---

"Espiritus dolor!"

Harry ducked the spell, and flung out a Cooling Hex, but it was blocked
and reflected back at him. He performed a blasting spell that propelled
through it and into Ron's shield charm, but didn't penetrate. This was
perhaps their most intense duel since his second year, and looking back
he could see how much further he and the other boy had come. Angelina
could hold her own against them more often than not, but even she
wouldn't dare challenge them in their current mood.

Harry was frustrated, angry, and stressed with the way things had been
going lately. London had been a nightmare, with rooms crowded with
reporters and streets crowded with people, all screaming for answers or
screaming accusations and there was nowhere to just stop and breath and
think. Coming back to Hogwarts hadn't improved things. He had known
people would question him about Ginny and the quidditch tryouts, but too
many people had assumed him guilty and his admittedly short temper
hadn't done anything to placate them, and he refused to speak another
word about the werewolf attacks in Berlin. Ginny's casual presence may
have relieved much of the suspicion, but none of the questions and still
some refused to believe it to be an accident. Someone had but a hex on
his tooth brush, and he very nearly swallowed three of his own teeth. He
had resolved to truly hurt the person responsible.

Ron, who had appeared to be recovering from his severe case of
assholitis, had suffered a relapse after learning Ginny had been
hospitalized and getting in a particularly vicious row with Hermione
about publishing an article on it and then about the other articles he
had promised and not delivered over the last week.

They were both out for blood today and neither of them felt like
obliging the other. Snape was standing off to the side, watching them
like a vulture just waiting for one of them to fall.

"*Sanguis acus!*" he snarled, sweeping out his arm.

"*Clipeus!"* Ron shouted, throwing up a shield charm. The charm blocked
the worst of the curse, but a few barbs still managed to penetrate,
catching the redhead in the cheek, neck, and chest. He shrieked in
surprised pain, and hastily tore out the sewing needle sized pins. The
other duelists gasped. Despite their sport, blood wasn't that common.
Bruises and pain and weird spell affects, yes, but very rarely blood.

"The match goes to, Potter," Snape said quickly, before the other boy
could think to retaliate with something truly nasty. "Well done, the
both of you. Granger, take Mr. Wealsey to the infirmary to get patched
up. Potter, help Mr. Diggory supervise for the rest of the practice."

Banished to their respective tasks, the two duelists spared each other
one last glare and climbed down the platform. Natalie was waiting for
Harry when he reached the bottom of the stairs. She didn't look happy,
but he wasn't in the mood to be lectured and stalked passed her. Not
liking to be ignored, she kicked him in the back of the knee and knocked
him flat.

"What the hell was that for?" he snapped. She wasn't the least bit
cowed.

"What is your issue?"

"I'm in a bad mood. Is that all right with you? Leave off." He stalked
away, and this time she didn't go after him.

---

Hermione managed to keep her mouth shut for an entire five minutes after
they left the Dueling Hall, but eventually Ron knew she'd just have to
say *something.*

"Is it because of your father?"

"Shut up, Granger. It's none of your damn business."

"It wouldn't be if you didn't keep *making* it my business and everyone
else's with the way you've been acting. You've got two options, Ron. You
can either talk to me and get yourself sorted out or you can continue to
make yourself and everyone else around you miserable. And I'll still
keep bugging you about it."

"Merlin, you're annoying, Granger."

He remained stubbornly silent until they were just outside the
infirmary, rubbing away at the blood beading up on his exposed neck and
face, and then suddenly paused a few steps away from his destination. He
thought for nearly a minute, and finally came to a decision.

"You tell anyone what I'm about to tell you, and I will find ways to
make you suffer, do you understand?"

"I told you I wouldn't tell anyone, and I won't. No need to get nasty."

He glared at her, reminding her that nasty seemed to be natural state.

"My father is dying, some sort of wasting disease. I doubt he'll make it
through the winter, but they won't let him go. Still has five years left
on his sentence, so even if it kills him they won't let him go."

His eyes moistened as he spoke, but he fought back the tears even as he
could see Hermione's growing wide and wet in sympathy. Silly girl, it
wasn't her father who was dying. He took a deep shaky breath and
continued.

"But it gets better. When I saw him this summer, he told me who had him
sent to prison. We never knew you see. The court was all hush-hush about
it, called it a division move, but it wasn't. Someone pushed for it.
Someone *wanted* to make my father suffer and destroyed my family. And
it's such a fucking mess. I know them. I've shaken their bloody hand
once."

He had to stop talking, or he really would start sobbing, or throwing
curses in anger and grief and frustration. Hermione stepped towards him,
to offer him comfort no doubt, but he stepped away. He couldn't let her
do that, or he really would turn into a big sobbing mess and he didn't
think he could stand that sort of humiliation right now.

"Who?" she asked.

He shook his head. "Some rich government bureaucrat. What does it
matter? They're out there making the world a more miserable place and my
father's rotting on some rock, and I'm supposed to be okay with that?
I'm just supposed act like it doesn't bloody matter to me? Well, I'm
sorry but I can't pretend everything's fine. I don't bleeding want to."

Hermione said nothing, taking a moment to respect the weight of the
burden he had just unloaded onto her. Finally, she added her own bit
empathy.

"My parents don't know I exist," she said. "I was four when I was taken
from them, and their memories of me destroyed. I can't really remember
them either, but I know they existed. I know I was happy. And I know my
foster parents will never give me what I had with them. Lucius hates me,
and Narcissa treats me like a pet. I'm not okay with that and I never
will be, but I have learned to move passed it, to keep the resentment
from strangling out the good things I've found. You need to do the same
thing. It doesn't do your father or your family or yourself any good to
hold onto this anger. It's going to rot you, Ron. It's going to rot you
from the inside out, and it's such a waste. I think you could do
incredible things."

She moved forward and this time he didn't back away, letting her wrap
him in her arms and as he predicted he cracked, tears and blood falling
into her hair and shoulder. Relief was overwhelming the humiliation,
eased by the fact that she was crying too. He knew he could trust her
now, implicitly, the way he could never have trusted Draco or even his
siblings. She had come to him, seeking a way to heal him where others
had simply ignored. He didn't know if she would succeed, but she was
trying. It counted for something.

"Dammit, Granger," he cursed shakily into her hair, "if anyone catches
us like this, we were snogging, got that?"

---

"I don't know how you talked me into this," Harry muttered, trying to
keep from falling asleep in his soup. Hermione kicked him under the
table, reminding him that they weren't the only ones present at
Slughorn's dinner table. There were nine occupants total, several of
them acquaintances of Harry. There was Blaise Zambini, Draco, and
Natalie from Slytherin House, Hermione and himself from Gryffindor, and
Andrea and Terry Borgen (cousins and competitors) from Ravenclaw, and
Lawrence Hout who Harry had never heard of before today. Slughorn
presided over them at the head of the table, the picture of amicable
host.

"So tell me, Mr. Potter, how was London?" Slughorn asked, fighting the
awkward lull of the conversation that had dogged it since the beginning.
Harry may have enjoyed Draco, Natalie, and Hermione's company under
normal circumstances but this felt more than a little forced to him.

"I can't honestly say. I can't remember much aside from people screaming
things at me and lots of camera flash. The hotel was nice though. The
West Dalton, have you heard of it?" he asked, taking pity on the man.

"Oh yes, it's famous. That's where all the foreign dignitaries stay… or
did stay before the Embargo. A magnificent place, hopefully we'll see a
return to its former glory now that our relations with some of our
European neighbors is improving."

"And hopefully the Germans won't blow it up," Zambini said blandly.

"Well, yes, that too," Slughorn conceded, still smiling.

"What was Paris like?" Andrea asked Harry, from across the table. Out of
everyone, she seemed the most enthusiastic with the dinner table
conversation.

"I didn't actually see Paris. I stayed inside the Palais Royal the
entire time. Now *that* was magnificent. You could fit three Hogwarts
into that place. The queen was… impressive."

"I heard she's fat," Terry said bluntly. Harry glared at him.

"She's not fat."

The boy quickly busied himself with his soup. Hermione kicked him in the
leg again, then Draco who was snickering into his napkin. The
conversation turned to travel, which was a safe and neutral subject with
few pitfalls and even a few interesting insights. At last, the dinner
drew to a close, and they said their goodnights for the evening. Harry
lingered behind, however. There were some things he wanted to ask
Slughorn, privately.

"Oh! Goodness gracious, I didn't see you there, Harry," Slughorn gasped,
turning from the door he thought he had escorted everyone out of. He
smiled apologetically.

"Sorry, Professor. I just wanted to ask you a few things, and now seemed
as good a time as ever."

"Of course, my door is always open. What can I do for you?"

Somehow the man managed to position them in the sitting room, where a
coffee set was already waiting for them, complete with biscotti. Harry
blinked at it and wondered if Slughorn hadn't some how anticipated this
discussion in advance. He supposed it didn't matter. He didn't *think*
the man meant to poison his coffee.

"I was hoping you could tell me a little more about my parents…"

"Certainly. I'm afraid I don't know much about your father, I dare say
he didn't like me very much. Thought I was some sort of elitist."

Harry mentally cringed. Snape had called him an elitist once, and he
didn't like the idea of his father disapproving of him. Then again,
there was a lot in his life that he didn't think his parents would
approve of. It made him sad and angry to think about. Their
disappointment would hurt, but they had abandoned him in death and
didn't have the right to judge how he made his way through life any
longer.

"Lily, however, was a good friend, like I said. She had a very kind and
gentle spirit, but could be stubborn as a mule when a suitable challenge
arose. She did well in potions, but her true strength was in charms and
transfiguration. Potions is a rigid discipline, and she had more of an
artists soul and she expressed it through the more intuitive arts."

Slughorn smiled, sadly. "If you don't mind my asking… was she happy? I
often thought of her and wondered… I'm sorry, you probably don't
remember. That was very insensitive-"

"No," he interrupted. "I remember her perfectly. WYRA… I figured out
their tricks quickly enough to save most of my memories I think. I
remember her as being happy. She could always find beauty in the
everyday."

"Yes," Slughorn agreed, "That's just how I remember her too."

They fell into a silence, taking a moment to drink some of their coffee
and think back on her. Too soon, Harry felt himself falling into
depression.

"I don't think they would like the person I've become," he said, "I'm
not… I'm nothing like the boy they were trying to raise. Hell, I work
for the very man that drove them out of the country to begin with. I'm
more his son than theirs now, and oh, Merlin that's a horrid thought…"

He buried his face in his hands, but jumped to his feet when Slughorn
slammed down his coffee cup, shattering it. His amicable expression had
disappeared, and without it the man looked far more imposing than Harry
had thought possible.

"Now see here, young man, I have known your mother and I have known
Voldemort, each in their youth and adulthood, and I know for a fact you
are more Lily's child than the Dark Lord's. You may not grow up as your
parents envisioned, but that doesn't make your achievements any less
worthy. I think your efforts with the werewolves is truly magnificent,
and your ability to inspire through your actions and words is
breathtaking. You have so much potential, Harry. So much more than I
think even your parents could have imagined. The Dark Lord sees it and
he has taken advantage of it, but that's no reason to be ashamed in and
of itself. He's taken advantage of everyone he could, myself included.
That doesn't make me his slave and it doesn't make you his son."

Harry could only blink stupidly at him. "O-okay."

Slughorn settled back in his chair and, cautiously, so did Harry. The
man fixed the coffee cup with a wave of his wand and removed the mess
with another. That done, he seemed to calm himself.

"I apologize; I didn't mean to snap at you. You've broached several
sensitive subjects all at once, and caught me off guard. It is not you I
am angry at, but perhaps it is time to draw this evening to a close."

"Er… yes, Professor."

"Come then, Harry, I'll see you out."

He was walked to the door, but by the time he reached it, Harry
remembered his original purpose in wanting to speak with Slughorn. He
best ask his question now, as he didn't know if he was still in the
man's good graces despite what he'd said.

"Um, sir… one question, please," he asked, quickly jamming the foot in
the door. The potions master stared at it confusedly, then up at his
increasingly rude guest.

"It's getting late, Harry."

"I know, just a quick one, I promise."

"Very well, what is it?"

"I said I remembered my mum, and for the most part I do, but there's one
little detail I've forgotten and it's really been bothering me for some
reason. I thought you might know… what was my mother's favorite flower?"

Slughorn looked even more confused for a moment, but then his face lit
up like a 100 watt bulb and he let out a laugh.

"I had almost forgotten about that myself! It was a rather funny joke
actually. Her 'favorite flower' is called the scarlet pimpernel. A
common little weed, unremarkable in every way, magical and mundane
alike. The joke is that it's not the flower itself that she loved so
much. The Scarlet Pimpernel is actually the name of her favorite play,
and the moniker of the protagonist, Sir Percy Blakeney. She had an
enormous crush on the character. I remember Severus used to tease her
about it constantly."

Harry's eyes widened. He remembered that play! Or rather, he remembered
the book version. Bound in red leather with flowing golden script on the
front, it had been a part of his small book shelf for as long as he
could remember. He couldn't recall all the details, but he remembered it
was a love and adventure story set during the French Revolution, and
that the main character behaved very silly in public but was secretly
helping aristocrats escape the guillotine. It was the first novel his
mother gave him, he was only seven, and they practiced his reading with
it for months.

"I see the memory is not so lost, after all," Slughorn said, patting him
on the shoulder. "I'm glad I could help. Goodnight, Harry."

"Goodnight, Professor."

He moved his foot and allowed the man to close his door. No sooner then
it was shut he sprinted to his room. He was fortunate to encounter no
teachers or prefects, but even if he had he wouldn't have stopped for
all the house points put together. Climbing through the portrait, he
spared an acknowledging wave to his friends in the common room, but
didn't linger. Once in his own room, nearly empty at eight in the
evening, he opened his trunk and pulled out the mysterious box he had
despaired of ever opening. He checked his bed for curses (a new and
unfortunately necessary routine) and climbed inside, drawing the
curtains and casting secrecy spells.

He licked his dry lips and swallowed thickly, then leaned forward to
whisper, "Scarlet Pimpernel."

There was a small 'click', and Harry grinned like a Cheshire cat. The
lid opened easily. Inside there was a strange shimmery cloth. He moved
it around, expecting to find it protecting something harder and more
fragile, but there was nothing else. Curiously, he drew out the cloth
and draped it over his arm.

His arm promptly disappeared.

He dropped the cloth as if it burned and his arm reappeared, completely
unharmed. He picked up the cloth again and started to experiment with,
wrapping it around different parts of himself and finally over himself
all together. Every time whatever was under the cloak disappeared from
sight.

It was an invisibility cloak.

"Wicked."

---

Dunnan Hill was as primeval a village as you would ever find in any
corner of the Old World. A little over five hundred men, women, and
children inhabited the area and their population had neither grown nor
shrunk noticeable in seven-hundred years. Most wizarding folk would call
the place a 'boonie' town, but the people there took pride in their
simple ways and the peace it afforded them. They grew most of their own
food, spun their own wool, brewed their own potions, and knew every one
of their neighbors by name, family, house, and profession. A quarter of
the population lived in cottages scattered in the fields and pastures
surrounding the village, but the rest lived closely together in rooms
above their shops or family houses or inns. It was for safety's sake
more than convenience. The land was thick with Otherfolk, and the
massive black keystone around which their village had sprung protected
them from their mischief, the closer the better.

"Don't like it," Brigham announced to his old friend, puffing on his
pipe and wrapping his blanket tighter around his boney frame. As he had
done almost everyday for the last hundred and seven years, he was
enjoying his evening tobacco with his childhood friend, Norman, and
discussing news about places that had nothing to do with them. "Ain't
ever going to like it. Damn werewolves, too much like them fairies. You
know the pointy-ears don't even bother them? Ain't human enough to
bother with. Already got their demony taint, so there ain't not point in
nabb'n 'em."

Norman, who was the village school teacher for nearly sixty years, took
a more liberal view of the matter. "It isn't their fault they're like
that. Just bad luck. If they want to live as normal a life as possible,
I wouldn't begrudge them that. It's not as if anyone but the fairies are
using the land up there anyway. It's a waste, and I'm glad for one that
someone found a good use for it."

They fell silent for a bit, enjoying their pipes and surveying their
home. From the center of the square, they looked up and down the two
main streets and saw the entire village. Mid-October at eight in the
evening and the sky was dark, but the windows were all bright and smell
of baked goods and burning wood was still fragrant in the air. Along the
streets, pumpkins had been piled in preparation for the upcoming
Halloween festivities, paper skeletons and ghouls floated from the
corners of houses where children had hung them a few days ago. There was
some raucous laughter from the town's only tavern, but aside from that
things were quiet and homey.

"Still don't like it," Brigham complained. "Ain't that far from here.
What if one 'em decides to run off and just happens to wander a bit too
close?"

"If it hasn't happened anywhere else in the last ten years, I doubt it's
even an issue. Besides, it's not like they wouldn't know if someone
tried to run off."

Brigham just snorted and took another puff from his pipe.

"Still don't like it."

A harsh, booming caw startled both men from their leisurely thoughts,
causing Brigham to drop his pipe. A raven swooped down low over their
heads, sending them both ducking. It cawed and swooped again, then flew
off. They stared after it, stunned.

"What was that?"

Norman frowned, staring off into the night the bird had disappeared
into. He felt uneasy. He took a closer look at the sky, found mars
bright, and the faintest impression of a rainbow haloing the quarter
moon.

"Bad omens," he said, grimly. "I think we'd better go home, now."

"Maybe you're right."

Brigham leaned down to pick up his fallen pipe. Another booming sound,
but this time it was no crow. Something heavy and sharp smashed into the
side of his head. When he opened his eyes again, he could see Norman
staring down at him, one of his eyes burned shut and covered in blood.
He couldn't hear him, although he could see he was shouting at him, and
then slowly he felt himself floating upward, above Norman and his own
body, which now lay in a broken heap in Norman's arms. Weightless, he
hovered a few feet above the ground, and from there could see a
nightmare play out before him.

The village was on fire.

There was screaming and people panicking in the streets and roar of
flames, all a dull throbbing sound in his ears but no less horrific.
Parents tossed their children through open windows, out of the flames
and into waiting arms if they were lucky, while others tried to douse
the magically induced fires with strongest spells they knew but doing
little good, and those who had freed themselves from the flames were
looking frantically for escape.

Brigham watched helplessly as the school he had attended in his youth
collapsed into cinders, his cobbler shop and home burn like so much dry
hay, and the church he had been married it burn the brightest and most
tragically of all. More horrifying was the fate of his family, his
neighbors, his friends, and daily acquaintances struggling for their
lives and lives of their loved ones all around him. There were bodies in
the street, hanging out the windows, dead or too injured to move.

He didn't understand. What was happening? Had he died? Was this hell?

Slowly, he felt himself being drawn upwards, the horror and carnage
below him growing more distant and vague until at last it seemed nothing
more than a warm glow against the black earth. A light enveloped him,
swallowing his grief and horror and replacing it with peace. His last
unpleasant fault was-

"Why the hell did that have to be my last memory?"

---

Harry bolted up in his bed, gasping in the wake of a nightmare that
disappeared before he could grasp it. He sat there for a long moment,
listening to the sleeping sounds of his dorm mates, and tried to
remember. Nothing presented itself, and nothing in the room seemed
sufficiently threatening to wake him. Elsbeth's lantern-like eyes turned
towards him and she hooted softly. He smiled at her and settled back in
his bed, preparing to fall asleep again when another eerie feeling came
over him. He bolted upright again and grabbed his glasses and wand from
the nightstand.

"*Lumos*," he whispered, and the tip of his wand glowed dully, just
enough to see by without waking up the other occupants of the room.

Bobby stood at the foot of his bed, his inky black feathers making him
barely visible in the darkness of the room. Harry smiled at his friend,
but it quickly died. There was something off.

"What is it? Are Sirius and Remus okay?" he whispered.

"They're fine… others were not so lucky. It's started."

"What's started?"

"The war."

---

[^95-1]: Chopin is Bodine's dog. If you're wondering what's happening right
now with Fleur and Bodine, she is living with him in his house. It's
like military assigned housing, small but close to work and next to
other musketeers' homes.
