# The Prince and the Purpose

"Get up, Potter."

"Is it noon yet?" Harry muttered into his pillow.

"Most definitely not."

"Then nooooo…" But even as he said it he sat himself up. If he didn't
get up on his own, Snape had a variety of ways of making him. He snagged
his watch from bedside table. 8:45am. Good grief. He turned to glare at
the potions master smirking at him from the doorway.

"Ms. Cypher is downstairs."

"Natalie? What is she doing here?"

"If you like I could send her up and you can ask her yourself."

Considering that Harry slept only in his boxers last night, that wasn't
the best of ideas. His over enthusiastic hormones didn't agree, but they
could go straight to hell for all he cared.

"Alright, alright, I'll get up. Is Ira here yet?"

"*Miss Beadle* has already served breakfast and gone to market. I will
be in my lab researching for most of the day. Do not disturb me," he
said, and left.

"Happy hunting," Harry tossed after him, immune to his cantankerous
ways. He dressed quickly, brushed his teeth, washed his face, and
hurried downstairs. Natalie sat in the living room, looking as
sophisticated as ever. He paused to admire her for a bit, like Draco,
she had changed during his absence. A tad more curvy, face slightly
leaner, and eyes a shade darker. Her smile was relieved and nervous at
the same time.

"You look awful," she said, as if it were a compliment. He grinned at
her.

"It's all those darn after parties. They can really wear a guy out. I
got your gift. Thank you."

She blushed a little, but quickly hid it, but changing the subject.
"Yes, well, your art is all well and good, but your handwriting is
awful."

He crossed his arms and pretended to be insulted. "Oh, so that's how it
is. I suppose once I've mastered the pen, you'll have me writing you
poetry."

"Oh, ha ha."

He moved into the living room and took a chair kitty-corner to Natalie.
He could see now that she had brought a very familiar looking basket.

"Is that..?"

She smiled and opened the basket. Inana immediately slithered out,
climbing up the girl's offered arm and around her neck, just as she had
done with Harry countless times before. He watched in amazement as the
snake settled around her shoulders. Inana had always liked Natalie best
out of his friends, but he hadn't thought the regal serpent would allow
even her to manhandle her without Harry present. Obviously, he was
mistaken.

Inana turned her pointed head towards him, flicked her tongue and
finally seemed to recognize him.

*"Where have you been? I haven't ssseen you in agesss."*

*"Sssorry. I was kidnapped, and I only got back a few daysss ago. Are
you alright? What are you doing with Natalie?"*

*"Isss that her name? I don't know. When you didn't ssshow up, ssshe
ssstarted visiting. She isss tolerable… for a human."*

"What did she say?" Natalie asked, gently stroking the top of the
serpents' scaly head.

"Nothing really, just… airing all your dirty secrets to me. I never
would have guessed you keep *that* in your closet."

"Harry Potter, you are so full of it," she laughed. Inana had slid down
from her shoulders and was now making her ways towards Harry. At nearly
seven feet, she didn't have to move much, and even seated comfortably in
Harry's lap, she still managed to keep her tail curled affectionately
around Natalie's wrist.

His laughter died off, and he stared mutely at the serpentine body
connecting them. The Slytherin girl also fell into uncertain silence.

"I've missed you, Natalie."

"I've missed you too.

---

McGunny stared blankly at the German newspaper, not comprehending a word
of it, but getting a vague idea of what was happening by the moving
photos. It was in fact the photos that drew McGunny's attention in the
first place.

There were three photos on the very first page. Harry Potter, looking
thin and nervous, standing on a dock somewhere. A picture, a mug shot
rather, of another man, looking very much like he wanted to jump out of
the picture and strangle someone. The third was of Dumbledore, who
looked rather annoyed.

The title page read, Harry Potter zurück in London! Entführt von einem
Werwolf! Dumbledore noch immer vermisst!

Out of that, the only words McGunny recognized were the names and
'werewolf'. He felt an inkling of fear. Had Harry been attacked by a
werewolf? In the back of his mind he could feel Tom stirring, and then a
sudden piercing headache that disappeared almost as quickly as it
appeared. And suddenly he knew German.

Harry Potter back in London! Kidnapped by a Werewolf! Dumbledore still
Missing!

McGunny closed his eyes, then opened them again. Reread the German
script. It remained the same. He could not only read it, but he was
pretty he could say it without stumbling over the unfamiliar words. Too
strange.

*Read the bloody article, Horace.*

He made a quick look around the street, lined with small shops and busy
with morning shoppers, and found himself an empty bench to sit on. No
one gave him a second glance, and despite being in a hostile country,
McGunny felt a lot safer among these wizards than he did among the
muggles at the airport. He began to read.

'*June,12*- *The Ministry of Magic has just released its first official
statement regarding the disappearance of 14-year-old Harold James
Potter, former protégé of the Dark Lord Voldemort who was rescued last
December by Viktor Krum. Minister Seibligg confirmed public speculation
of an attack by Death Eaters on June 3rd, during which Potter was taken
against his will and his guardian, Albus Dumbledore has disappeared.*

*The latest intelligence puts an odd new twist to the event. A mere
sixteen hours after Potter's abduction, a routine patrol by three Jr.
Aurors turned up the child at a known werewolf hideout. Despite their
heroic attempt to rescue Potter, all three Aurors were injured and the
kidnappers escaped. The names of the Aurors and the extent of their
injuries have not been released. At least one assailant was identified
as Stephen Nostrom Canis, a known agitator and black market trader in
the Berlin Underworld…'*

McGunny had to stop, a shiver running up his spine. A hundred ghastly
images popping into his head of what might have happened to his young
friend while in the custody of ruthless criminals.

*Don't believe it for a second,* Tom hissed. *The Ministry lies to
protect itself. The paper lies to make a better story. You know this
already. Keep reading.*

He did know better. He had been around Potter enough to know when the
paper made up things about him, and they frequently did, and when the
'official' story was a load of crock. He continued to read. The article
went on to describe the suspicion of a Death Eater circle being set-up
by disgruntled werewolves within Germany, the massive efforts to locate
Potter amongst them, the half dozen arrests that had already been made,
fears of Potter being infected during the full moon, and finally his
reappearance in London during a public appearance by Voldemort. There
was a lot of speculation about whether Harry was now a werewolf himself,
and if the Dark Lord hadn't 'Imperio-ed' Harry or threatened him to
insure his cooperation. The German Ministry still adamantly denied any
suggestion of kidnapping Potter in the first place, and insisted that
the young wizard was happy to be rescued. In fact, the more McGunny
read, the more certain he became that the entire article was a load of
bullshit. The few vague suggestions that Dumbledore was now dead struck
him as particularly absurd. If Dumbledore were dead, the perpetrators
would want that publically known. The old wizard had obviously gone into
hiding.

Which meant all of Tom's plans had just gone to pot.

As the increasingly agitated spirit realized this himself, a burst of
angry, wild magic ran through McGunny's body, exiting through his hands
and lighting his newspaper on fire.

"Shit!" He threw down the paper and stomped out the flames. "Tom, you
idiot."

The fire extinguished, McGunny looked around and wasn't surprised that
half the people on the street were now looking at him like he was a
loon. No point in tempting fate, he decided, and quickly walked away. He
could feel Tom raging, pounding like a tiny, but persistent hammer at
the inside of his skull. When he had finally found himself on an empty
street, he risked talking to the enraged spirit.

"Now what? All your efforts to get Harry out of the country were
completely undone, and now that Dumbledore's gone you don't have any
resources available to you in Germany, and we sure as hell can't go back
to England. I don't suppose you had a Plan C?" he said, sarcastically.

Tom was silent for a long moment, but with each passing second became
calmer and more certain.

*I'm a genius, not a prophet. I couldn't have predicted these turn of
events, but as a genius I can find a way to turn them to my advantage.
Lets find somewhere to live for now. I will need to gather information
before I make any decisions.*

"That's a long winded way of saying 'I don't know what I'm doing'."

*You're being awful mean-spirited, Horace.*

"Go back to hell, Tom."

---

It had only been about a week and a half, but the mysterious plant Snape
had brought home with him was now almost twice as large, which still
wasn't very impressive, being about a foot and a half tall with six
leaves. It was rather by accident, that he discovered if he nicked a
leaf or stem, it bled. It was a rather disturbing little plant.

At least it didn't appear to actually require blood, although he found
himself changing the potting soil every other day, and seemed quite
content with tap water and the artificial sunlight. With this
information he was quite certain he could identify the plant, if he
could actually find the time to get to the library to get some books on
magical botany.

Currently, he barely had time to sit down, let alone do some research,
and it was all Harry's fault. Ira was still coming around to do the
shopping and the housework, but there were some things she just wasn't
qualified to handle. Supervising Harry was one of them. Six months
abroad had done nothing to curb his willful nature, and if anything he
was twice as bad as before. He was already writing letters to just about
everyone, including his godfathers, without checking with Snape first
and had even gone out to visit Clyde for lunch the day before without
telling anyone. The sad thing was, Harry honestly hadn't seen the harm
in it. The potions master was very close to ringing his neck.

On top of that, Snape found himself accompanying the boy to London
almost daily for press interviews and conferences with the Dark Lord
(which admitted were more for his benefit than Harry's), and to Dueling
Club tournaments (which he would have had to attend anyway as the club's
adult supervisor, but now had to deal with being in charge of a
celebrity at the same time). Then there was the increase in post. It
hadn't taken long for people to realize that Harry wasn't receiving
their mail, and much of it was now being routed through to Snape,
including nearly forty betrothal offers, sixteen modeling offers by
advertising companies, and a rather lot of free tickets to Quidditch
matches (which he had no intention of letting Harry go to if he
continued to wander off on his own). And as if that weren't enough, Ms.
Cypher had returned to Harry's life, and reminded him, that yes, he is
in fact an adolescent male with all the parts and instincts that
entails, and therefore couldn't left alone with her. Or Hermione, but
luckily she always came over with Draco.

Speaking of the Malfoys…

"To what do I owe the privilege of your company?" he asked, only mildly
sarcastic, as it was a rare event that Narcissa ever visited him without
her husband. She had arrived in the company of Draco and Hermione, who
had quickly been sent off to find Harry, out watering the garden with
Ms. Beadle. Snape put on a kettle of tea, and sat down with her in the
living room. She looked distinctly out of place in his modest country
house, her hair and clothes done in chicest London fashion, but not
uncomfortable. She was queen of where ever she was, be it a palace or a
pub.

They had been good friends during their school years and even tighter
during the war, but time and responsibilities had gradually been taking
them in different directions. They still enjoyed each others company.

"Lucius and I have been worried about you, Severus. After that attack in
London, you just wandered out of the hospital and all but disappeared,
and when you did show up you acted as if nothing had happened. Then
Potter showed up, and suddenly you're everywhere. It is a bit baffling,"
she said, not looking the least bit baffled.

"You know me, Narcissa. I was never one to lie around and do nothing…
even when I probably should have. You needn't have worried. Ms. Beadle
has been mothering me in your absence," he said, smirking a bit. She
smirked back. Her bedside manner had always left something to be
desired, and she wasn't the least bit apologetic.

"Ah yes, Ms. Beadle. Rather charming girl, in a mousy kind of way."

"If you say so."

"You must like her at least a little, if you haven't sent her running
yet," she said, knowingly.

"She cooks and keeps house for free. I'm not going to look a gift horse
in the mouth."

"Mmm... How are you recovering?"

"I've been recovered for nearly a week," he lied. Truthfully, he still
had trouble sleeping at night because of the aches in his abdomen, but
he was able to function for the most part.

"And your ward?"

"Potter is nearly twelve pounds lighter than when he left. You wouldn't
know it for all the hell he still raises."

"Yes, Draco mentioned he knocked one of his adversaries clean into the
stands during the last dueling competition."

Snape smirked at the memory. No one had looked more surprised than Harry
when his simple disarming hex had sent a duelist twice his size nearly
thirty feet. The Weasley twins had been crowing about his spectacular
come back, even after he was disqualified from the rest of the matches
for 'excessive force'. Harry had turned bright red, and hadn't stopped
blushing until after they left the tournament.

"I suppose duking it out with the Dark Lord and the German Aurors has
made dueling against his peers seem rather tame in comparison."

Narcissa very nearly twitched at the vague reference to Harry's fight
with Voldemort. She didn't have a clue what it was about, but she did
know that Harry had broken the Dark Lord's nose (not that you could
tell) according to her husband, who was still reeling from the fact that
the Gryffindor had not only come back to Britain on his own, but had
actually survived the Dark Lord's temper tantrum relatively unharmed.
The only one who hadn't been surprised was Snape, who was taking the
ordeal in about as good a humor as Snape took anything.

"Yes, I suppose so. I hope you both can avoid getting into a row. He's
at that age now, after all."

It wasn't something he particularly worried about. Harry and he had been
in plenty of fights, some real shouting matches and plenty of door
slamming, but they had never resorted to wands or fists. There was an
unspoken, but mutual agreement that violence had no place in their home.
That wasn't something he felt Narcissa needed to know. It inferred
things he didn't like.

"I assure you I have Potter well in hand."

"That's a relief. I have a feeling things are going to get very tense
soon, Severus. We need you to be at your most commanding, to lead the
children through the difficult times. They're coming soon. I can *feel*
it."

He nodded. He felt it too. All of Britain felt it. The Dark Lord's
Ultimatum to Germany was like a ticking bomb, the entire world turned to
watch as the time ran down to its final, violent conclusion. Voldemort
was still demanding the German Minister be held accountable for his act
of war against a 'peaceful' nation, and Seibligg was still denying any
wrong doing. Potter's return hadn't diffused the situation, and had in
fact made matters tenser. Germany had no hostage, and the Minister of
Magic was more desperate than ever to prove himself in the right. There
was no reason for the Dark Lord to hold back.

"I know. When the time comes… I will ensure that they know their duty.
Especially Potter."

And wasn't *that* going to be fun.

---

Harry's life had gone from very slow and tedious (Durmstrang) to
frantically chaotic (return to Britain), and finally seemed to settle
somewhere in the middle at frantically tedious. Two weeks after his
return, he had finally gotten tired of hearing 'welcome back, Harry'. He
had done more press interviews in one week than he had in all the years
prior, met a few times with Voldemort, visited almost all his friends
(thank Merlin for Ira, because Snape couldn't be bothered to take him
anywhere just for leisure), written to those he hadn't (Elsbeth had
returned on her own on the third day), helped Ira keep house (which
involved a lot more work than the two bachelors had bothered with the
year before), finished reading Hermione's log, and continued Dueling
practice and tournaments (and was more than a little surprised to find
he was ahead rather than behind most of his classmates). He hadn't even
started on his summer school work. He was afraid to even ask about it,
wondering if Snape would tell him he would have to repeat the entire
year like Cedric Diggory (whom he had visited and had a very interesting
discussion about Valkyries with).

Despite his tight schedule, he made point to set aside this one
particular day for a trip to London. It wasn't for interviews or
Voldemort, but it was important. He had been thinking about it off and
on since he had been taken to Durmstrang. Ira was escorting him this
time, which was good because Snape could be damn frightening to anyone
under the age of… dirt. He was could frighten just about anyone if he
put his mind to it.

Even through the door, Harry and Ira could hear the sound of too many
children after eating too much sugar. Laughter and screeching and
singing and running feet. Harry turned to his escort.

"Are you sure you want to come in? If you want to go home and pick me up
in a few hours that would be fine too."

She shook her head, and said solemnly. "Professor Snape would kill me if
he knew I left you with a horde of impressionable young people."

They both laughed. One of the things Harry liked about Ira was that she
was one of the few people that knew how to handle Snape. It took a thick
skin, a bit of wit, and the ability to ignore him when he got testy, and
if you could do all that eventually you found yourself enjoying his
company. He was like drinking really strong, black coffee. It certainly
wasn't for everyone.

He knocked on the door. There was a few more moments of playful racket,
and then the door was pulled open by Robert Reicher, coated in a layer
of glitter and confetti. His eyes widened as he recognized Harry.

"Harry?"

"Surprise?" he said, smiling weakly. It occurred to him that he probably
should have sent them word in advance that he was coming, but by the
time he had remembered Elsbeth had already been sent out to deliver a
letter to Hagrid.

Nevertheless, Robert smiled. "I'll say."

He pulled away from the door a moment to look behind him, then turned to
Harry. "Okay, hurry in quick before they spot you. This will be a
perfect surprise. I have the kitchen cordoned off for the adults."

They hurried inside and towards the back, Harry chuckling as they snuck
passed the living room where a dozen or so children were busy playing a
game that looked suspiciously like Twister. They made it to the kitchen
safely undetected, and there found a large pile of presents and a
congregation of parents. Harry set his present down amongst the rest,
and looked around.

"Where's Kyle?"

"Watching the kids," Robert said, "I'll get him in just a second here.
It's good you came. Morgana insisted you would be here, and it would
have broken her heart if…"

"I made a promise," Harry said. "I never forget my promises. I'm sorry,
I should have sent you word ahead of time."

Robert placed his hand on Harry's shoulder, and smiled. "I'm glad you're
here." There was a lot said in the gesture, more so than even the words,
and Harry felt familiar warmth he associated with home. Then he seemed
to finally notice Ira.

"Oh, I'm sorry, we haven't been introduced. Robert Reicher."

"Ira Beadle. I'm Harry's…er…"

"Friend," Harry offered. "She's been helping me settle back in."

"Ah, well, it's nice to meet you. Let me just get Kyle. He'll ring my
neck if I don't warn him in advance."

He left the kitchen in hurry, leaving the two with six other strangers,
more than a few of them openly gawking at Harry.

"Good Lord, you wouldn't happen to be-" one rather hefty looking mother
started.

A father, one of two there, shook his head. "Oh, I get it, you're a
look-a-like. I've heard of this. You hire a look-a-like to entertain at
parties, like birthdays and weddings. As if Rob knows-"

"Actually no," Harry said. "I really am Harry Potter. Nice to meet you."

The other parents looked uncertain for a moment, but then one of the
mothers, clearly well into another pregnancy, came forward and shook his
hand.

"I'm Addy Gaines. My son, Joel is in Morgana's class."

"Nice to meet you, Mrs. Price."

And that started off the introductions, but they only made it half way
through before Kyle came running into the kitchen as if it were on fire.
One moment, he was just staring at Harry and then the next he was
hugging the body like an anaconda.

"I can't believe it! You rascal! You had me laughing for days when I
heard you got back all on your own."

"Well, I couldn't break my promise, now could I?" he managed to wheeze
out. Kyle just laughed and patted him on the back.

"It's good to have you back. Come on out. Alyssa is already suspicious,
and if she catches you, the kitchen is going to be as big a mess as the
rest of the house."

Harry took a quick moment to introduce Ira, and then followed Kyle out
into the hall, the other parents following behind out of curiosity.

"Morgana, Alyssa, look who finally showed up!"

Harry had barely even stepped into view before he found himself with an
armful of little girls. They cried out in delight, wrapping their little
arms around.

"Harry!"

"How are my beautiful princesses?" he said, kneeling down. They were all
done up in curls and pink and yellow birthday dresses, flush from
laughing and running around. Alyssa reached out and touched his cheek.

"You're so skinny!"

"Ah, well you see, I missed you both so much, I just about wasted away,"
he explained, solemnly, "But then I remembered my promise, and decided I
just had to escape."

Morgana turned to a little boy, who looked a bit like Addy, and said,
"Told you so!" Then she turned back to Harry. "Tell us about it! You
always have the best stories! I bet this one is *really* good!"

Harry looked uncertain. Telling stories to two little girls around
bedtime was a lot different than telling stories to a dozen little girls
*and* boys hyped up on sugar.

"Please, Prince Harry?" Alyssa begged, which got the other children
going.

"Please, please, please?!"

He sighed and nodded, and they all let out a cheer, including some of
the adults in the hall just to be cute. He waded through the children
until he reached the sofa, Morgana on the right, Alyssa on the left, two
more kids squeezed in on both sides and the rest sitting on the floor,
while the adults found seating or lounging spots where ever they could.

"Alright, where shall I start?" he asked. Morgana of course, had the
answer.

"Tell us why you got kidnapped. Papa said it was because Germany doesn't
have its own prince, so they stole ours. They just have lords and ladies
and a really stupid minister."

There was soft chuckling from the adults, but Harry just nodded
solemnly, the idea for the story (because there was no way he was
telling it the way it *really* happened) already starting to take shape.

"Oh, yes, this is very true. There are many noble lords and ladies in
Germany, but no king or queen or princes or princesses. All they have is
Minister Seibligg, and he is quite stupid. In fact, the Minister was
elected because he was so stupid, and the people thought it would be a
funny joke to pick him. You see if they had a stupid ruler they thought
they could have all the fun they wanted and he would be too stupid to
stop them. They could skip school and sleep during work and eat ice
cream every day."

This made the children all smile. It certainly sounded like a good plan
to *them*.

"So they had a lot of fun there?" a little girl asked.

Harry shook his head. "No, they did not. It was only fun for a few days,
and then the children all grew bored, the grown-ups all ran out of
money, and eating all that ice cream gave them tummy aches. So they went
back to school and they got back to work and they ate their spinach."
The children wrinkled their noses. "Now the Minister thought he was
doing an excellent job. For a whole week everyone was so happy, so he
didn't understand why they had all started going back to studying and
working and eating spinach, and he passed a law ordering them all to
stop. This made the people very angry, and they all told him he was
stupid and he couldn't make them do anything, and they kept learning,
working, and eating-"

"Spinach," several children said at once.

"Exactly." [^91-1]

Harry continued his story, weaving a tale of foolishness and bravery and
magic, enrapturing the listeners, both child and adult. He told them of
the Minister's foolish plan to become king by adopting an orphan prince
so that he could rule forever, and how he betrayed King Voldemort, who
had just happened to have an orphan prince lying around, and stole the
orphan and locked him away in an ice fortress. But the orphan was very
clever, as most orphans are, and escaped by sneaking aboard the same
pirate ship that kidnapped him. Once he reached land, the orphan prince
met many people, some bad and some good and some strange, until at last
he met the werewolves, who saved him from being lost in a dangerous wood
and led him home through a secret underground tunnel.

"And then," Kyle pitched in, "They all celebrated by eating-"

"Spinach!" some yelled, and everyone laughed.

"Ice cream and cake! Everyone into the dinning room!"

There were shouts of glee, and the tranquility of before was shattered
by the promise of more sugar. Alyssa and Morgana each gave him a big hug
and ran off with the rest. Harry sighed in relief, and slumped into the
cushions. It was hard work telling a story for nearly an hour and
keeping it entertaining.

"That, my friend," Robert said, helping him to his feet, "Was a very
good story."

One of the other parents laughed, "I don't suppose I could hire you on
to do Rachel's birthday party? I've never seen that many children sit
that quietly for that long."

Harry laughed, but shook his head. "I'm afraid I'm all booked up for the
rest of the year."

The rest of the party went off without a hitch. They had their cake and
ice cream, Morgana opened her presents, and they spent about another
hour burning off sugar with several rounds of hide-in-seek, before
everyone started to crash and their parents took them home. Morgana and
Alyssa were very reluctant to let Harry go, so he lingered until the
very end by having coffee with Robert, Kyle, and Ira until even Morgana
and Alyssa were struggling against sleep.

He kissed them both on the forehead, wished Robert and Kyle goodnight,
and followed Ira out into London. The sun hadn't quite settled below the
skyline, but the afternoon heat was quickly fading. They were both
tired, but in a pleasant, drowsy sort of way.

"You really are a prince, you know that?" Ira said after a block.

"I've heard it said, once or twice," which was as far as he was ever
going to be to admitting it.

"You made those little girls very happy today."

"I also made them miserable for six months worrying about me. Do you
think a few hours makes up for that?"

She looked at him startled. He was still smiling, but it had taken on a
melancholy air she had assumed was simply fatigue.

"It's hard being my friend," he said, "It can even be dangerous. Trouble
finds me and I seek out trouble, and bad things happen sometimes."

"That's not your fault."

"Do you think that makes it better? I love my friends, I care about
them, and for the last six months they had to wait here and wonder if I
was ever coming back or if I was even okay. Before that, they had to
wonder if I was going to survive the bloody Triwizard cup and before
that being stalked by a terrorist and before that it was… something
else… and something else before that… It's always something, and there
will always be *something*."

She couldn't say anything to that. She didn't even know how the subject
had come up, but she was feeling distinctly out of her element.

"I like you, Ira. You're a nice lady and easy to talk to, but you need
to understand what caring about me entails. I get into dangerous
situations sometimes. I have a lot of secrets that I'll never tell you.
I practice the kind of magics that can tear apart a person's soul if
they're not careful. I enjoy the company of werewolves, and do things
with them that no sane person would dare. I talk to snakes. Oh, and
Voldemort wants me to help him rule the UK. That's all the major things,
I think."

She just blinked at him, and then swallowed thickly. Now, she was
feeling just plain out of her league. The things he was talking about
she never expected to face, not in a hundred years, but that was the
everyday existence for Harry. A life so fantastical it couldn't be
anything but lonely.

He looked so small walking there beside her.

"You have to think this through, Ira," he continued. "I've given you
fair warning, which is more than anyone else ever got when they fell in
with me. It's not all going to be tea and birthday parties. Just ask
Snape. He can rant for *days* on the subject."

"You're tired, Harry."

"Yeah, but I'm not lying."

"I know. Lets just get you home."

He smiled bit more authentically. "I'm already home. Everyone welcomes
me back where ever I go. Complete strangers, even. It's weird, but kind
of nice. I bet I could stop anyone on this street and introduce myself,
and they'll say. 'It's good to meet you, lad. Welcome home,' or 'Oh yes,
I've heard of you! Good to have you back!' I'll bet you a whole galleon,
that's what they would happen."

"You're probably right," she said. "They all mean it too."

"And that's just what the king intended"

---

Harry sprung up in his bed, staring wide eyed into the darkness of his
room. He could sense it was late into the night, possibly even the early
morning before even a hint of pre-dawn light.

"Bobby? Elsbeth? Is that you?" he whispered, searching blindly for his
glasses and his wand on the bedside table. He cast a *Lumos* on the
darkened room, bringing his wand to a gentle glow that wouldn't hurt his
eyes.

There was no Bobby or Elsbeth, but there was an owl standing on the owl
perch, unfamiliar, but with a very obvious roll of parchment on its leg.
He dug some own treats out of his bedside table, gave one to it while he
untied the message. Unrolling it, he found a letter in familiar flowing
script and a newspaper article. He read the letter first.

*Dear Harry*

*I was relieved to hear that you had returned home safely. I knew you
could do it. Your escape, however, has had some unforeseen consequences
that I know you would want to be made aware of as soon as possible.
There are werewolves trying to get into France without permits or
papers, and while this isn't uncommon, we have never seen so many at
once. I did some investigating, and what I learned breaks my heart.*

*The werewolves in Germany are being hunted. There is no telling how
many have been arrested, but those who have managed to make into France
insist the number to be in the hundreds and dozens have been killed
already. The Ministry is accusing them of being Death Eaters, but even
if it were true their tactics are too extreme to be legal or moral. They
are even arresting the people who are hiding the werewolves, and there
has been rioting in Munich and Stuttgart.*

*The Queen intends to renounce their actions formally soon, but she
doesn't hold much sway in Germany any longer and we do not have the
resources to handle so many people so suddenly. If there are accidents,
and a werewolf hurts or kills someone, she will be held accountable.*

*I know you care about these people, so if there is anyway you can
convince Lord Voldemort to help us, I can almost guarantee France will
accept it. If anyone can convince him, it's you.*

It wasn't signed, but then Harry already knew it was Fleur. The article
she had sent him was in German, detailing lie after lie about Harry and
his escape from Germany. There was nothing of the Aurors who had
attacked him, which he wasn't expecting, but describing Stephen, a
family man through and through, as a lone dissenter attempting to raise
a covert army was absurd. There was no mention of his wife and children
at all. He stared at it, baffled for a long time. Then realized what was
being done was a lot more important than what was being said.

The werewolves needed help. They needed help, and while he wasn't sure
how he played into it, he was certain it was at least partly his fault.

The weight of an overwhelming responsibility began to settle on his
shoulders. He didn't know if he could do anything. He had no power of
his own, only what Voldemort gave him, and he didn't know if he could
beg this boon from him so soon after his return, the ashy taste of
betrayal still fresh in the Dark Lord's mouth.

Unless…

"I have to make it appeal to him," he said softly to the dark.

He lit the candle on his desk with the flick of his wand, and pulled out
some parchment, a quill, and ink. For ten minutes, he simply sat there
and tried to clear his mind of images Fleur had conjured in her letters.
Images he associated with the Jews and gypsies of World War II; entire
families hiding in attics as soldiers hunted the house for them,
desperate dashes for freedom in the dark of night, and lines of the
captured marched into the back of trucks never to be seen again.

He couldn't use those. The Dark Lord wouldn't care, and all they did was
weigh him down with guilt and responsibility. He had to shove them
aside, and find a reason that would make Voldemort want to help them. To
find the advantages in a situation that should be resolved for solely
moral reasons.

When he could finally push aside his own feelings, he was amazed that
reasons were abundant, all of them cold and amoral, but plentiful.
Quickly, he began to write.

---

"I need to see Lord Voldemort. Today."

"Certainly. I'll just cancel your appointment with the Spanish Minister
and bump that meeting with the Pope to three," Snape said, not looking
up from the forty-second marriage proposal. Once you got passed the
flowery introductions, they were actually pretty funny to read. Like
James Potter's love letters to Lily. The man couldn't write a poem
unless it rhymed and *that* had resulted in some interesting similes and
metaphors that rhymed with 'Lily'.

Ira was at the stove, making eggs, as if she had never left. She looked
over at him curiously, but didn't ask. This clearly didn't involve her.

"It involves his relations with France. It's important."

Snape looked up from his letter, curiosity peaked.

"And how would you have come across information relevant to the Dark
Lord's relations with France? And what makes you think he doesn't know
what you know already?"

"I have friends in France. How do you think I managed to get through it
without getting arrested? And I'm sure the Dark Lord knows what I know
already, but just to be sure…"

"If you just tell me-"

"It involves me too."

Snape's eyes narrowed in suspicion. Harry tried to smile innocently, but
he had been up in his room all night brainstorming and then picking
apart his own ideas like Hermione had taught him to do, and was too
tired for anything more enthusiastic than darkly amused.

"I could make you tell me…"

"I'm not eleven anymore, Professor. Do you really want into see what's
floating around in my head? Even the Dark Lord shies away from it these
days."

"You're getting better at this," Snape remarked, and turned back to the
letters. "I'll send him a missive. If he can spare the time, we'll go."

"Thank you," Harry said, sincerely. The potions master sighed.

"And you were doing so well up until that point. I almost forgot you
were a Gryffindor."

"Gryffindors get the toast that's less burnt," he said, smirking up at
Ira as she set down his plate in front of him. She just rolled her eyes.
Snape, however, double checked to see if it were true.

---

Voldemort did, in fact, have time to spare for them, and a quarter
before noon, they walked into the Department of Foreign Affairs,
Scottish Branch in Glasgow. Harry made it a point to dress in his
interview clothes, freshly spelled free of wrinkles and shoes shined. He
had Fleur's letter and his own list of ideas folded neatly in his breath
pocket, but he hoped he wouldn't have to take out either.

They went through the usual security checks, and entered the Dark Lord's
office. The style was distinctly gothic, narrow pointed arches at the
windows and door way, and high vaulted ceiling making the room feel more
like a medieval church than an office. The Dark Lord's desk however,
made of ancient timbers and inlaid with dragons and horses and gods
would never have been at home in a church. He leaned against his
high-backed chair as they entered, his interest immediately settling on
Harry.

"You wished to talk to me about something?"

The Gryffindor swallowed thickly, and took a seat nearest his desk.
Snape, however, remained near the door with his arms crossed, stating
without a world that Harry was on his own here.

"Yes… have you… have you received any letters from France recently?"

He raised a brow.

"I have."

"Then you know of the werewolf situation?"

The Dark Lord smiled knowingly. Out of the corner of his eye, Harry saw
Snape shift, and thought if he turned to him he would see one very
pissed off potions master.

"Do you intend to help?"

"Do you?" Voldemort asked, curiously.

"…I only have the power that you give me," Harry said cautiously. "If
you give me the power to help them, I will."

"A very good answer. And how would you help them if I granted you such
power?"

That was a tricky question to answer. If Harry asked for too much, he
would be denied, if he asked for too little opportunity would be lost.
He decided to aim high. He might be able to argue his way up.

"Offer to take a few hundred of the refugees off France's hands and set
them up with Greyback, perhaps set up additional colonies in France with
their permission."

Voldemort let out a snort. "A few hundred refugees? Do you think
Greyback have that much room to spare? They're hunters and gathers, not
urbanites. I would have to hand over half the forests in Britain,
*including* the Forbidden Forest to accommodate that many werewolves.
And then I'd have to re-open all those cells in Azkaban because there
was no more openings left for the felonious amongst the furred."

"They're people," Harry said pointedly, "They can adapt to being
something *other* than hunter gatherers. They can be farmers, and still
live off the land and provide a service to wizarding kind. Or shepherds.
Dairy farmers. Anything that gives them space away from witches and
wizards."

Voldemort conceded the point with a gesture.

"Alright, I *could* take a few hundred people off their hands. Now tell
me why I should?"

"Aside from the fact that the Queen of France will *love* you for it?"

The Dark Lord smirked. "Aside from that."

"You'll have hundreds of very grateful people, seriously pissed off at
the country you intend to go war with for one."

"Oh, I like that one. Greyback won't let me take them out of his
territory for military purposes though."

Harry thought for a moment. "He'd probably let you take a lot of the men
if you negotiated for it. There are a disproportionate number of men to
women in the colonies."

Voldemort conceded that point as well. Harry let out the breath he was
holding. So far, so good. Naturally, the Dark Lord had to throw a curve
ball.

"I doubt I'll be able to get the Brits to agree with you though. They're
still grumbling over the monopoly on furs and forest goods the wolves
have going. If the system didn't work so well, the trade guilds would
still be pushing to dissolve the colonies."

Harry didn't know anything about the trade guilds opposition to
werewolves, but he had factored in the public's reluctance to let more
werewolves into the country after only a few years of having control
over their native population.

"I'll convince them."

"You?"

"I'll convince the people that it's the right thing to do. That it is
the right and honorable thing to do. Isn't that what you wanted? For me
to sell the people on an idea that you can't? I think that's what you
said."

Voldemort's smile faded, and he stared at Harry thoughtfully.

"And do you think you could do it now? Are you that brave? That strong?
Once you start down this path you can't step off of it. You will be
identified by your cause, and there are going to be a lot of people who
hate you for it, strive to dishonor you and those close to you, mock
your every decision and action."

Harry remained quiet, truly thinking about what the Dark Lord was
saying. Life was already difficult without public criticism, but he
wasn't naïve enough to think it wouldn't have ended up that way.
Voldemort wanted his prince, and the prince was always more vulnerable.
The least he could do was have the subject of criticism be something he
could support whole heartedly.

"I am a child of the Moon," Harry said, "And they are my brothers and my
sisters. What is the mockery of men compared to their suffering? If you
give me the power, I will help them."

"And if I don't?"

"Then I'll have to find the power elsewhere… and that is a scary, scary
thought."

---

"This is the stupidest idea you've had yet," McGunny hissed under his
breath, wandering down the darkened street. Blood Row. Vampireville.
Coffin Corner. That's what they called these places in England. The one
or two blocks the vampires kept themselves to in any given city, where a
mortal only came under the protection of one of its inhabitants or if
they had a death wish. McGunny didn't have either, but Tom had taken
control over his limbs just to get him there, and now was moving him
about with the sort of confidence that kept even the most suspicious
shadowy figure from looking twice at him.

*They are powerful here and numerous. Just the allies we need.*

"Can't we get allies that are breathing and vegetarian instead?" he
muttered.

*Sure, if we were raging a war against cancer and obesity.*

The apartments and shops along Blood Row (he had no idea of the street's
real name or what the Germans called it), were all dark and all open,
the soft glow of candlelight peeking out of the odd, open curtain. Pale
men and women walked the street, dressed in either elegant black,
whites, and reds or tattered grays, and music flowed from every shop,
all varieties including folk and acoustic guitar. There was a lively air
about the place, despite most of its occupants being dead, and if it
weren't for the poor lighting he might have passed down this street
without even realizing where he was.

"Aren't you a little young to be out on your own, little man?" a voice
suddenly purred in his ear. If McGunny had had any control over his
body, he would have jumped near out of his skin, but Tom didn't allow
him to so much as flinch. Instead, he turned to the male vampire
smirking at him. He was slender, almost sexless in shape, with narrow
eyes and a wide mouth that made him look like a snake.

Tom liked him instantly.

"Who is the Master of this Row?"

"Who is asking?"

Tom/McGunny handed him a card, black with an elegant golden V, and
nothing else. The vampire took it, but there was no recognition.

"Give it to the Master of the Row. He will know what it means or else he
is not worth talking to."

The vampire's eyes widened and he hurried off, disappearing into one of
the shops. They didn't have to wait long, before the slender vampire
returned.

"Mistress Katiana will speak with you."

*Splendid.*

---

Harry stood at the podium, his hands clenched against the wood to keep
them from shaking, and looked over the some six-thousand people gathered
into the square in the London Court District. It had only been two days,
and despite what he had said to Voldemort he didn't feel the least bit
prepared.

He had helped write this speech with one of Voldemort's professional
speech writers, who had then made him practice it over and over so that
Harry didn't even need his cards (although he still kept them just in
case) and didn't sound like he was just reading at the audience. He had
practiced it in front of Sirius and Remus and Luna while Voldemort
negotiated with Greyback, and they insisted it was a good speech. Diana
had even given him her blessing.

He was as prepared as he could possible be, but still felt like he was
going to freeze up and fall over before a single word escaped his mouth.
Closing his eyes and taking a deep breath, he reminded himself why he
was doing this in the first place. People were suffering out there,
people like the Canis's and his godfathers, and if he could do
something…

"Hello and good morning," he said, his voice magically amplified to rise
above the natural din of the crowd. Everyone settled fell silent to
listen. "Thank you all for coming on such short notice."

There was the expected shout of 'We love you, Harry', somewhere in
crowd, and he ducked his head shyly, before forcing himself to look up
and continue.

"Now I am afraid I must apologize. You see, I invited you all here under
false pretences."

There was a confused murmur through the crowd.

"I did not come here to talk to you about what happened in Germany or
during my journey home. You can read that in any newspaper from here to
Dublin. I have had ample opportunity to share my story with you, and you
have been captive audience. No, I do not come before you to speak for
myself. I speak to you on behalf of those who have no voice. I speak on
behalf of werewolves."

The crowd reacted as Voldemort had predicted and the speech-writer had
warned. Outrage and indignation, but mostly confusion. A press release
had been given the day before, detailing the German Minister's
anti-werewolf campaign and France's only dilemma in taking in those who
fled the country, so at least some of them had an idea of what he was
going to talk about. Harry took a long slow breath, fighting down his
instinct to run from the stage. Now came the really hard part.

"Please," he continued, and the ruckus died down a little, "let me say
my part."

He gave the crowd another few seconds to settle, and eventually even the
dissenters quieted.

"I know it isn't easy for you accept werewolves. We have had a long,
dark history of fear and violence between us and them, and it can not be
erased or forgotten in the course of a few years, and nor should it.
Their existence is made more tragic and more frightening in their
humanity. They are all children and siblings and spouses and friends to
us, and it is only bad luck or bad choices that keeps them from sitting
at our dinner table, shopping in our stores, and going to our schools."

Harry had to stop for just a moment, forcing back the emotion that was
threatening to choke him. He was thankful everyone remained silent until
he was ready to continue.

"As many of you know, my godfathers are werewolves and they have saved
my life more than once. The Canis family, also werewolves, risked not
only their freedom but their very lives to bring me across hostile
country to my homeland. I owe them all a debt of gratitude and eternal
friendship, so when I received word that the German Minister has begun a
campaign of tyranny against their native werewolf population and any who
would attempt to protect them, using my escape as an excuse, *lying* to
save face…"

The anger here was genuine. Two days and Voldemort's explanation of the
Minister's tactics had fed a deep seated hatred for the man. Tactics,
Harry now realized were dripping with spite directed at Harry himself, a
way to hurt him while at the same time rescuing himself.

"I can not remain passive as my actions are being used to persecute a
people who has no voice, no means of defending themselves. I make my
stand here and now. With help from the civil rights group, Voice for
All, I am submitting a proposal to the Wizengamot to open sixteen new
colonies…"

Some of the crowd started to protest, but Harry continued to plow
through before they gained momentum to drown him out.

"… consisting primarily of farmland, rather than forest…"

That shut up nearly half the protestors right there.

"..so that we might accommodate some three hundred displaced werewolves
within our nation's borders and also send twenty or thirty native
werewolves to France to help them set up werewolf colonies of their own.
The proposal is called Proposal 4-66, and will be released for public
scrutiny in two days. I am requesting your support."

There were more protests, although most of the crowd now looked more
torn than anything. Most people had no real opinion on werewolves, who
were so far out of their realm of experience as to not warrant thinking
about, and being forced to do it so suddenly left them uncertain.
Voldemort told him it would be his job to lead the uncertain people to
his way of thinking. That was a politician's job.

"I know this is a sacrifice," Harry said, raising his voice, drowning
out all others. "I am asking you to sign over lands that can no longer
be held for public use. I am asking you invite strangers into your
backyards. I am asking for you accept that added risk of more
werewolves. And I am asking you to do this with no offer of
compensation. By all accounts, I probably shouldn't bother asking at
all, and if I didn't know a few things I wouldn't. But I do know some
things.'

'What I know is that our nation has integrity. I know that you want to
do the right thing the right way for the right reasons. Even when it's
scary, even when its hard, even when others say it's wrong."

Protest died right there, and there was a small murmur of agreement.

"Do you know how I know this? I know this because you are standing in
front of me right now. I know this because fifteen years ago you all
took a stand. While thousands fled for reasons both legitimate and
false, you or your parents took a stand to hold firm. And when the fires
burned out and the future remained unknown, you rebuilt from the ashes
your homes, your businesses, and your communities. I know I can ask you
this unreasonable request, because I know you are not strangers to
unreasonable expectations. Because I know you no strangers to tough
decisions."

Now everyone was starting shout out their agreements, a sense of pride
swelling in their chests. Harry could feel the end of his performance
drawing near, and his terror was greater than ever, knowing if he
fumbled now he would have blown the entire thing. His mouth was dry as
sand paper but he didn't dare take a drink and disrupt the flow of
enthusiasm he had finally gathered from the crowd.

"You know, over there," he said, pointing east, in the general direction
of Europe, "They think it was the *good* people that left during the
war. They think only the smart and honest people left, but *I* know the
truth. I know the real quality witches and wizards stuck it out. I know
the loyal, the proud, and the courageous stuck it out."

The crowd was cheering now, shouting out at the end of his every
sentence, the crescendo to a line of music.

"And do you know what? We're going to prove it to them! We are going to
show them that the United Kingdoms do nothing by halves. We will show
them not only through our great deed of magic and business and art, but
also through our great deeds of compassion and humanity. Right now, we
have the opportunity to save *hundreds* from persecution, in a way that
no one else can. We have first and only completely successful program
for dealing with werewolves, that not only maintains public safety but
also the dignity and well-being of person infected. We have not only the
obligation, but the *honor* of sharing this knowledge. In the years to
come, what we decide to do today may save the lives of *thousands*. So
if I were to ask you now, for the betterment of our witches and wizards,
both here and abroad, will you support Proposal 4-66, what would your
answer be?"

"YES!"

The cry rang out through the square, possible through half the wizarding
part of the city, and Harry nearly stumbled backwards. *I did it!*he
thought weakly, torn between relief and awe.

"What is your answer?!" he shouted out again.

"YES!" they cried louder than before, and began to chant, "4-66! 4-66!
4-66!"

Harry stepped away from the podium, the chant of the crowd at his back,
and entered the Court Building. Voldemort stood beside the door, smiling
like the devil and applauding his performance. Harry was very tempted to
vomit on his shoes, but politely refrained. One the interns got him a
chair and he collapsed into it.

"I feel like I'm going to die," he moaned. "Please tell me I don't have
to do that again."

"Not today," Voldemort said cheerfully. The day had been a marvelous
success, and not just because for Proposal 4-66, but for Harry himself.

Harry was now, officially and undeniably, the Prince of Britain.

---

​1. I ended up writing a lot of Harry's tale before I realized it could
make a chapter all its own, so I will be posting it separately in a few
days so that it doesn't take up too much of this chapter.