# The Crusade

Harry had figured he was in for a canning when he got back to Hogwarts,
and he was right. But, instead of the anticipated thirty (or was it
forty now?) lashes, he had received only five.

"You have a knee-jerk reaction to save people," Snape said, sitting him
down at a table for this particular lecture. Harry cringed when the back
of chair pressed his bruises, but considered himself lucky that it had
been only five. "This can't be beaten or lectured out of you, at least
not after the deed is already done. You saved the girl, you won the day,
and the punishment makes you the martyr, not the transgressor. So the
next time someone cries out for a hero, you'll run in again without
thought. And it won't take long for your enemies to realize this and use
it to their advantage. I can almost guarantee the fae are now aware of
your weakness, and once the press releases your latest stunt, the rest
of the wizarding world will know as well."

Harry swallowed thickly, and looked down. Snape was right. He didn't
regret going after the girl, not even knowing he'd exposed a
vulnerability. But if it hadn't been this, it would have been something
else… his love for his godfathers, his sensitivity to storm summoning
magic, his moon madness. There were so many points of attack, and Harry
would have to wrap himself in a veritable bubble to protect himself on
all fronts and it just wasn't worth it.

"So what should I do? I don't want to go through my life ignoring people
in trouble. I'm not… I can't be that cold. I don't want to be."

Snape regarded him blandly for a moment, but did consider his dilemma.

"If this is truly going to be a long standing issue..." the man
conceded, "I will talk with Voldemort about teaching you to apparate
early and with Seitler about getting you some defensive equipment. In
the mean time, you are not to leave the castle *at all* for the next two
weeks. You will also be assisting me in Junior Dueling Club for the next
month, as I am short of volunteers."

"But I thought-"

"You thought because I was *so* understanding, that I'd let you off with
a couple of smacks and a pat on the head?" Snape smirked. "Do not
mistake my understanding for tolerance, Potter. I understand why thieves
steal and why arsonists burn; it doesn't mean I condone their actions.
Go. You have homework to complete."

Harry left, too tired to put up a fight he knew he couldn't win. He did
not go back to his dorm though. By now Ron would have told Hermione what
had happened in Ireland and the other volunteers who had been there
would have spread the tale to the rest of the school, and the typical
flurry of inquiry and rumor-mongering would begin yet again, swallowing
up the just abating accusations of assault against Ginny and stealing
away any possibility of getting something productive done. By tomorrow
the national press would be printing their stories, and despite what
Snape had said he figured he'd be back in London to give the official
interview he had dodged in Dunnan Hill.

Or maybe not.

Snape had said the wards over England had been torn down. Scotland's
still held, but it would be easy enough to cross through from England,
and who knew when Scotland's wards would fall completely as well. Harry
didn't quite know what this meant for Britain, except that it made them
more vulnerable to additional attacks. He wanted to ask Snape and at the
same time he didn't. If Voldemort was truly worried about Harry being a
target, be may keep him cloistered within Hogwarts' defenses, and if he
did perhaps Harry could bury his head in the sand long enough to sort
himself out.

He headed up to the astronomy tower, taking the back ways and secret
passages where ever possible until he reached the open air of the
observational mezzanine. No one would think to look for him here, and in
the clear autumn day he could see for miles in every direction. This was
as close to freedom as he was going to get for a long time.

"I heard about the girl."

Harry didn't bother to turn around, a tired smile coming to his face.
Bobby's voice was unmistakable in its cheekiness.

"You did good. Even the Seelie Court is impressed. No one likes Mud
Dogs. Of course, now they want to *meet* you."

"I just bet. Unfortunately, I won't be going anywhere for a while.
Unless you're here to inform me of some other disaster?"

Bobby said nothing, and Harry turned to look at him. He was perched on
the rail of the mezzanine, his ink black body silhouetted against the
setting sun. He seemed oddly stiff.

"Are you alright?"

"I'm fine, it's just… I don't wish to bring you bad news, but I…"

"Has something else happened? Is this about the wards coming down?"

The raven shuffled from foot to foot, as if not entirely sure if he
should fly or stand, his feathers ruffled as he tried to sort out some
internal debate.

"No… I don't know. There's been… portents… omens…. Something is going to
happen soon and it's going to be bad."

"As bad as Dunnan Hill?"

"Worse… no one knows just *how* exactly… it may not have anything to do
with wizards at all."

Harry was close to laughing at his vagueness, but this was as serious as
he'd ever seen Bobby and he didn't want insult the only connection he
had to the world at large.

"If we don't know what will happen, we can't stop it," Harry said, "We
can only deal with it when it comes."

Bobby tilted his head, and nodded. He didn't look any happier, but he
did seem less anxious.

"I didn't come here to frighten you, but to warn you about the Seelie.
They'll bother you through Samhain most likely, but rest during the
winter, so just keep your head about you until then. Don't go following
strangers or accepting gifts from people you don't know, and you'll
probably be fine. Probably."

His last words held a touch of his old humor. The raven made a little
hop and glided away with a cheerful '*wwweee!!!"* Harry shook his head
and watched as his friend disappeared into the Forbidden Forest.

Yet another things to worry about on top of everything else.

He wasn't prepared to face the other students or Snape or his school
work (he was WAY behind) or Slughorn's latest dinner party or Hermione's
lecture or Natalie's irritated scorn or the press or his godfather's
next letter or Voldemort's latest scheme or another attack or…

He squeezed his eyes shut and tried to block out the mountain of
concerns and stresses that were starting to crowd into his brain,
shoving and kicking for space until he couldn't think anymore. His arms
began to shake, and he felt himself weaken and slide to the floor. His
breathing became rapid and erratic.

*Not again*, he begged himself. He hadn't had a panic attack since last
year, and only that once. He thought it had been a freak occurrence.
After all, nothing else had triggered it, not even the abductions or the
attacks, but it was back and just as debilitating as he remembered. This
time there was no one there to talk him down, and tried to remember what
McGunny had said, but all he could remember was to cup his hands over
his nose and mouth to keep from hyperventilating.

When Harry came back to his senses, it was dark and cold. He was
shivering, his damp skin having soaked through the protection of his
school robes. It was not the cold, however, that woke him, but the
familiar burn of his watch in his pocket. Quickly, he pulled it out with
trembling hands to check the time.

Dinner had already started, and though the idea of food made his stomach
roll, he knew his friends were likely worried about him by now. At the
same time, he couldn't see them like this. He was a mess, and freaking
out on them in the middle of the Great Hall wasn't going help his
current situation. Moving slowly and secretively, he left the astronomy
tower and headed for the infirmary. If he were lucky, he could filch
some calming drought from Madam Pomfrey's cabinet (the Weasley twins had
told him the technique for unlocking it without the medi-witch knowing)
with her none the wiser, and if that weren't possible then complaining
of sleeplessness wasn't going to get him locked in the infirmary. He
might have to brew some of his own eventually, if he couldn't get his
emotions under control. If he kept going back to her with the same
request, she was going to figure out what was going on and probably tell
McGonagall or Snape. The one thing he didn't need was people thinking he
was going crazy.

Even if he might be.

---

"For a historian, he didn't seem to know much before the Romans
arrived," Snape said, letting his irritation show through. "I could have
just as easily looked up the information he offered. I was hoping for
something a little more austere."

"I don't know," Ira said, walking close beside him to avoid bumping into
the small herds of university students milling about the campus after
sunset. Bars and cafes, clubs and boutiques, lined either side the
street and the air was filled with the dull roar of a conversing crowd
and the festive tune of a street band. The evening was cold, perhaps
cold enough to snow even, but the people and the warm glow of the street
lights made the atmosphere warm and intimate. Snape was glad he had
thought to take her out to eat instead of taking her directly home. The
lecture on Defensive Magic Through the Centuries had been interesting,
but not particularly romantic and it was the walk and the dinner
afterwards that he was counting on to make the evening worth while.

"In terms of practicality, I thought Professor Haubert's lecture was
very insightful. Pre-Roman materials are hard to study anyway. The
Druids and Celts who practiced magic handed it down orally, and modern
Druids are notoriously secretive to outsiders. Anyone wanting to
practice their particular type of magic would probably have to be Druids
themselves."

"True enough. I have seen the textbooks for Celtic Studies at Hogwarts,
and they are supremely vague in regards to magic, but highly explicit in
regards to their culture and religious deities. I suspect much of the
magic is taught informally. Potter seemed to have a strong grasp of it
despite having only formally studied it for half a year. Perhaps that is
Lord Voldemort's influence though."

Ira looked at him curiously. "Harry practices Druidism?"

The potions master made an odd expression, and she had to cover her
mouth to keep from laughing. "I honestly don't know. I don't think he
follows custom close enough to be called a Druid, but… I don't know.
It's too bad though. If Professor Haubert had any ideas about ancient
defense techniques I was hoping Potter might learn some that no one else
would be able to counteract. He never seems to run out of trouble to
find."

Ira smiled. She had heard about the rescue of the little girl in Dunnan
Hill in the paper. It was a fluff story, through and through, but the
press was eating it up. With all the suppressed hysteria about the
collapsed wards, a little fluff made a good counter point to the doom
and gloom hanging over them.

And as if circumstance were reading her thoughts, a loud trumpet call
cut through the air, drowning out the musicians and conversationalists
and revelers. Snape's wand jumped into his hand, giving Ira a start. She
quickly touched his hand and shook her head.

"It's just a campus announcement," she explained. "They do this every
evening once an hour from sunset to midnight."

Sure enough, once the trumpet call had died a voice came over the
speaker.

"Attention students and faculty. As announced earlier this week, all
campus businesses, offices, and libraries will be closed at ten and all
persons shall return to their domiciles by eleven. Anyone caught outside
after curfew will be escorted off campus to the closest Sentinel
Station. Thank you, and have a safe and pleasant evening."

After a second or two the conversation began to pick up and then the
musicians started to play again, until it seemed as if the announcement
had not occurred at all. Snape, however, was left feeling a bit
disoriented. He could remember his own college years, and outside of
classes, his most memorable experienced occurred well after midnight on
and off the campus. Even back in the seventies he could recall the area
being active till at least three in the morning.

"It really is a shame," Ira lamented beside him, releasing his hand and
continuing to walk towards their intended restaurant. "The libraries all
used to be open until one and you could work in a laboratory for as long
as you liked if you had permission. The astronomy lab has been shut down
completely for the semester and there's no telling when it will be
allowed to open again. This curfew is messing with a lot of people's
research, student and faculty alike, and we can't really do anything
about it. It's for everyone's safety after all. The dormitories are the
only buildings with any real protection spells on them."

"What? Are you telling me the campus has no protections on it?" he said,
disbelieving. Yet the more he thought about it the more obvious it was.
The University of Magic in London was not Hogwarts, not a single
building designed to hold out against Roman magicians and Vikings and
the fae. The university had sprung up during the renaissance, long after
the threat of Romans and Vikings had passed and the fairies had all been
driven back into the countryside, as a series of buildings built to
blend into Muggle London, and had not been fully separated until 1666,
when the Great Fire of London made it necessary to cut off the campus
from the rest of the city or let it burn to preserve its many secrets
from muggles. There had been riots during the civil war, but aside from
petty vandalism, there had been nothing to suggest the application of
powerful protective wards was necessary. In fact, this was probably the
case with most of the public places and non-ancestral homes in London.

"I wouldn't say *completely* unprotected, but nothing like Hogwarts or
even the Court Offices. Morgan proposed setting something up, but I
doubt it will pass. Things will be expensive enough just maintaining
current defenses and taking care of the army…"

He had to ask her something before she continued. "Ira."

Her wide brown eyes turned to him, betraying more sadness than anxiety.
She was naively unconcerned about her own vulnerability.

"How protected is your home?"

She smiled at him. "As sweet as your concern is, I assure you my home is
very well protected. It does belong to Morgan after all."

Snape didn't look convinced. "And the rest of the neighborhood? Do you
have many established families living there?"

Her smile slipped away. "I… no, not really. It's relatively new housing
district. Most of us work at the Court offices and moved there to be
close by. I don't really know about their defenses… why?"

"I've been by your house before," Snape said. "Very lovely neighborhood,
but there's nothing more than anti-burglary charms anywhere. It's as
vulnerable as Dunnan Hill."

She looked away, irritated. "Are you just saying this to frighten me?"

Before he could even think about it, he reached out and grabbed her,
drawing her to a halt. She blinked down at his hands, thin hands stained
from years of brewing and yet oddly elegant wrapped around her little
wrist. Looking up at him, she could see his eyes, dark and fierce as
ever but lacking that sardonic humor he always maintained.

"No, I don't want to frighten you. Not unless it makes you more
cautious, more aware. I think you should leave London."

She blinked at him. "What? What are you talking about?"

"I want you to go to my house. It's completely undetectable except to
those who have been invited, and is thick with protective spells. You
would be quite safe there."

Judging from her baffled expression, she still didn't seem to understand
what he was saying, so he simplified it yet again. "I want you to be
safe."

She blushed. "I don't know what to say. I… I can't."

"Why not?" he asked. He was prepared for a refusal, at least initially,
but was certain he could talk her into it. He knew she liked his house
and the village nearby more than London, and her initial response would
be out of surprise rather than true reluctance.

"I have a job for one," she reminded him. "And for another… I might not
be very brave, but I'm not a coward. I'm not going to run away from
shadows."

Well, those were good points, which was extremely annoying. Her
expression softened as she read his disappointment.

"*But,*" she conceded. "If something does happen, and I don't feel safe
in London anymore, then I will consider going to your house… with my
mother."

Snape winced at the mention of Mrs. Susan Morgan, a busy-body if ever he
met one. Oh well, it wasn't as if they'd be in around her very often
until the school year ended. If Ira even decided to go. He nodded. It
was as good as he was going to get at the moment, and he didn't feel
like ruining the mood over a fight. He could work on convincing her to
leave later, spreading out his arguments so that he would come off as
more concerned than pushy. He had a feeling she would run if he tried to
be too forceful, but she was reasonable more often than not, and could
eventually be swayed. The obnoxious security measures that were being
implemented lately (and would likely get worse as other battles erupted
within the UK's borders) might serve as a viable argument.

Suddenly, his thoughts drifted back to his lab, where the Body Tree was
continuing to mature behind the secret door in his laboratory. He had
not yet figured out a way to move it where it would be found, and its
significance understood without betraying his own involvement and he was
wondering if he would have to just destroy it and hope it didn't come
back to bite him in the ass. An idea was starting to form, however.
Little pieces of fact like McGunny's apartment being two blocks from the
campus and the patrols by campus security after eleven and the abandoned
astronomy laboratory were floating lucidly in his mind and waiting to be
assembled into a coherent plan.

---

Harry circled the astronomy tower; his fur cloak spread out around him,
letting the icy cold air slip passed its defenses. His gaze never left
the Southern window, which yielding no view but that of a starless sky,
shrouded in clouds. He knew the Moon was there, full and powerful, but
Her absence from his sight left him irritable and restless. The night
was thick with anxiety, the usual reckless abandon the full moon brought
stubbornly elusive.

How this night so resembled his days.

Halloween, a holiday he had always loved even before he had known about
magic, was only a week away yet he felt none of the festive merriment he
remembered from years past. Instead, he was trying to make it day to day
without anyone realizing he was starting to come apart at the seams,
dosing himself daily with calming draughts and spending as much time
alone as possible, focusing his mind on nothing more complicated than
arithmancy homework.

He had hoped this night the moon would wrap him in her affections.
Instead, he felt abandoned and rejected. Why had she forsaken him? Now
of all times? Should he have made an offering to her?

From the center of the room, Seitler followed his movements around the
room, so still and silent Harry could easily forget that he was there.
Snape had wanted to sleep through the full moon for once, and had handed
him off to the Sentinel for the night, giving him a rather flimsy
explanation of what he should expect. Seitler wasn't a baby-sitter, but
even he was intrigued by this peculiarity from Voldemort's golden boy.
There had been rumors for a long time that Potter had lycanthrosis, but
even Seitler, who was by no means a werewolf expert, could tell that
wasn't the case with Potter. There was nothing animalistic about his
behavior, but *something* was definitely happening.

Harry suddenly paused, squinting into the darkness beyond the tower that
his lone flickering candle couldn't touch. He moved out onto the
mezzanine, and held out his hand. There was a touch of cold against his
skin.

"It's snowing," Harry observed, frowning. It was too early for snow. It
shouldn't have started until late November, but perhaps it was to be
expected. Voldemort's dementors were still patrolling the Northeastern
coast of Britain, drawing in storms and throwing off the local weather
patterns. There had been talk in the Great Hall just that morning about
the likelihood of having a truly abysmal winter this year.

Maybe that was why he was feeling so out of sorts. If this snow had been
brought in by the influence of dementors, he would be more sensitive to
the corruption than most. He wiped the wetness from his hand quickly at
the thought.

"I'm going back to the Common Room," he said, drawing away from the
window.

"Do you think you can sleep now?" The Sentinel's voice was even, but
Harry could hear the skepticism anyway. He didn't blame the man. He had
been pacing for nearly three hours and hadn't shown any sign of winding
down.

"Maybe not, but the Moon will not show tonight. I may as well *attempt*
to get some homework done."

Seitler didn't argue the point, but he did follow Harry all the way to
his Common Room, then perched himself outside the portrait in a very
obvious fashion. Harry ignored the expression of distrust, and went
inside. It was just after midnight, and being Tuesday, everyone else was
asleep. The lone Gryffindor entertained himself with building a fire for
a few minutes, but once that was done he found himself pacing again.

What was wrong with him? Why could he settle or find some suitable
distraction?

He wanted his godfathers. He wasn't sure where the thought came from,
but now that it had sprung up it didn't want to dissipate. He wanted to
see them, in their wolf forms, run his hands through their thick wiry
fur and feel their hearts pounding beneath his hand. He wanted to hear
their songs, howled to their goddess in a single mournful note, and
smell their earthy scent mixed with the cold air.

He wanted his pack.

On the far end of the room, the grandfather clock struck one and chimed
softly, startling Harry from his thoughts. Only five or so more hours to
go, he tried to assure himself.

The sound of shattering glass, startled him, as well as the rest of
tower most likely, but he didn't have long to question it. From the
staircase to the boy's dormitory, Bobby came swooping down, darting
around Harry's head.

"Hurry," the raven said, his voice high with a panic Harry had never
seen in him before. With that, he flew straight for the portrait with
such speed he would have surely broken his neck against it, if he hadn't
called out a spell causing it to fly open. Harry bolted after him,
jumping through the open doorway and nearly tripping over Seitler, who
had been thrown across the hall by the swinging portrait. The Fat Lady
gave a terrible shriek at the abuse she was suffering, alerting half the
castle that something was happening. Bobby was nearly out of sight, and
he didn't have time to wait around and explain anything. He ran as fast
as he could, feeling at last the touch of his goddess and she poured her
strength into his legs.

His feet barely touched the stairs as he leaped down them, taking them
three or four steps at a time and jumping the banister more than once as
he fought to keep sight of dark feathered guide and he thought he had
lost him more than once when made a sudden turn, but already Harry knew
about where he was going.

The main entrance to the castle was sealed shut, but it had been
designed to keep people out not in, and Bobby managed to force this door
open as easily as he had the Fat Lady's portrait, shattering the locks
in the process and raining down a shower of splinters. Harry didn't even
slow, and dashed forward until he reached the castle portcullis, and
finally drew to a sudden stop.

In the light of the burning fires that lit the entry into Hogwarts
through the night and through a heavy veil of snow, Harry could see a
shape at the end of the castle drawbridge. It was about Harry's size,
but hunched over, supported on three legs, the fourth he assumed tucked
into its body. It only took a moment to realize what he was looking at.
Cautiously, remembering Snape's warning about traps and fairy tricks, he
stepped out onto the bridge. On either side of him, the massive stone
gargoyles growled, their stone eyes bright as hell fire at the sight of
the potential threat to the castle, but not yet attacking while the
creature didn't attempt to come any closer. Harry drew closer, details
gradually beginning to form as the veil of snow grew thinner.

The first thing he noticed was that the werewolf was wounded, its left
arm soaked in blood and dripping heavily onto the snow coated ground.
Yellow eyes regarded him tiredly, the faintest hint of recognition, and
a lack of aggression. The coat was lighter than the typical werewolf,
more light grey than black or brown, and it was too small to be fully
grown. It didn't snap into place who exactly he was staring at until he
realized the werewolf was female.

"Luna?"

A pitiful, heart wrenching whine escaped her and finally giving into her
injuries, she collapsed in the snow. He rushed to her side, bending down
next to her. His hands searched her for injuries in the semi-dark, and
it didn't take him long to find what he was looking for. Her left arm
was badly torn as he had already seen, but further investigation
revealed that almost all of her left side was shredded as well, and
snatched his hand back when he felt his fingers brush the smooth
hardness of bone.

"Oh, god, Luna!" His wand was still blessedly up his sleeve, and he
spouted off the few healing spells he had gleaned from Dueling Club
practices. They weren't enough, not nearly enough, but they helped to
slow the blood loss at least. He draped his body lightly over hers,
making sure his cloak covered her as much as possible, before turning
back to entry way. "*HELP!*Someone help me! It's alright, Luna, I've got
you now. I'll get you fixed up. Help! Someone get the nurse!"

Luna whined weakly beneath him, but didn't try move. She was so weak,
and he was so warm and safe. Her eyes began to drift shut.

"NO! Stay awake, Luna! You can't fall asleep!" Harry shouted, drawing
her back from the precipice of sleep. She tried to focus again, and soon
realized they were no longer alone. Her vision was blurry, but her sense
of smell hadn't yet failed her, bringing her the scent of human prey
(predators?) by the dozens. They spoke, angry, frightened voices, but
Harry's was the only one that made sense to her.

"No! She's been hurt and needs help! Just get me the right potions and
I'll give them to her! She won't harm me."

"Good god, boy, that isn't a bloody puppy!" Seitler was screaming, the
closest he had ever been to a heart attack as stared down at a fifteen
year old boy snuggling with a *werewolf*, and *injured* werewolf no less
and refuse to let go until some sort of aid was provided. Seitler
couldn't even begin to guess where he would find help for a fully
transformed werewolf. Did he get the school's medi-witch or call the
veterinarian? Did healing potions for humans work on werewolves? If
Potter tried to force them down the beast's throat would it bite him?
Did it even matter?

"Great Scot!"

"What the devil?!"

Others were starting to arrive now, bringing with them new layers of
tension. Teachers and students, still in their bedclothes where
following the shouts to the castle entry way, and once there were no
more prepared for what they saw than Seitler was. The image was so
completely surreal. Boy and beast crouched in the deepening snow,
neither moving but staring back at them with unnervingly bright eyes.
McGonagal made a move to approach them, but Seitler fixed her with a
sharp look.

"Don't, Professor. It hasn't shown any interest in attacking Potter, but
there's no telling what will happen if it feels threatened. Keep the
rest of your students back until we can think up a decent plan."

McGonagal frowned, but nodded, turning back to the students. Most of
them were Gryffindors, their tower being the origins of the trouble, and
amidst the crowd was Hermione, looking pale as death as she stared out
at her best friend. Harry had told her once that the full moon affected
his judgment, but this was pure insanity she was looking at. Even more
insane was the fact that he had not yet been ripped to pieces. McGonagal
quickly herded her and rest of the students away from the door, telling
them to go back to the common room. No one wanted to leave, but her
insistence that their combined presence might provoke the werewolf into
attacking. By the time the transfiguration teacher returned to the
drawbridge, Snape had arrived and was arguing with his ward.

"Potter, don't be daft. There's no way you're taking a fully transformed
werewolf into the school," the dark man hissed.

"But she needs help! She's dying!"

"Which doesn't justify risking the lives of the other students and
staff. Think, Potter! How do you expect anyone to help it without
risking themselves? Werewolves are notoriously resilient against spells.
There's no telling when a sleeping or restraining spell might fail."

"*Her* name is Luna. She's fourteen years old. She likes strawberry
pancakes and dancing, and is going to be a medicine woman when she grows
up. And I'm *not* going to let her die."

"Er…" Lockhart, who regarding the entire situation with his usual
befuddlement and pretending he wasn't, interrupted. "Perhaps I might-"

"No!" Harry and Snape snapped in unison, then turned their stubborn
wills on each other. They glared at each other for a long moment.

"Fine!" the young Gryffindor finally bit out, "We'll wait until she
turns back and *then* treat her!"

Snape seemed momentarily taken back, but quickly recovered. "Dawn is
almost five hours away."

"Then I'll *wait five hours!*" he snarled, and the werewolf beneath him
let out a snarl of her own at the perceived threat, but he quickly
turned to her and crooned softly, burying his face into her furry neck.
Snape glowered at the pair, but knew he had been bested for the time
being and turned his attention to Seitler.

"That thing didn't just wonder off the nearest colony. Something has
happened. Get to the headmistress' office and contact your people to
find out what's going on. The rest of the teachers and I will guard the
castle and make sure Potter doesn't get his fool head bitten off in the
mean time."

Seitler wasn't used to taking orders from civilians, but Snape had a
reputation and in this case his reasoning was sound. He abandoned the
current drama to search out the headmistress and gain access to her
office, the only place in all of Hogwarts anyone could apparate out of
(but not into). A werewolf at Hogwarts could mean any number of things,
but none of them good.

---

By dawn, Harry could no longer feel his fingers, his toes, or most of
his face. The warming spells he cast were on Luna alone, along with the
healing spells he didn't think were working any longer. The moon had
been unable to fight through the clouds, and the absence of her light
dampened the strength he would normally wean from her. He didn't dare
waste magic on himself, fearing at any moment Luna's heart would
suddenly stop and he would need all the magic inside him to revive her.

None of the teachers had dared try sending spells at them, as their
first attempt had sent the injured werewolf into snarling fit. Only
Harry clinging to her, and kept her from limping to her feet and rushing
for them. When he had finally settled her again, she was exhausted, and
blood was now visibly leaking through her nose and mouth. Harry was
terrified that blood was starting to fill her lungs.

All through the night, he petted and soothed and encouraged her, sharing
his heat and his strength. All through the night, she leaned against him
and whined and licked his bare numb fingers, taking in his warmth and
his love. She was so tired, and more than anything she wanted to sleep
and forget what she had seen and experienced this night, but Diana had
told her to live. She told her to live so that the truth would live, and
those who had fallen would not be forgotten.

Dawn came in the dark, the sun as obscured as the moon, but both boy and
she-wolf felt it in the very fiber of their being. Harry noticed it
first as the gradual weakening of his eyes sight and a bone-deep
weariness that settled over him. Luna's experience was considerably more
dramatic.

Beneath his hands, Harry felt Luna transform, muscle sliding fluidly
over bone that bent and popped and shortened and extended. A strange,
almost sickly sweet smell permeated around her as her light gray fur
retracted to smooth, sweat dampened skin. Within half a minute, he was
holding a very naked, very injured girl.

"Luna!"

Quickly, he pulled off his fur cloak and wrapped her in it, wishing for
something that wasn't already soaked with her blood. Her skin, normally
so pale, was purple and black from bruises and blood, and he wept at the
sight of them. Pale grey eyes stared at him, barely open, barely even
alive, with such haunted expression, he feared to know its source.

"Haaa….," she breath roughly what could have been his name, blood
tricking out of her mouth and nose.

"Ssshhh… don't speak. I have you. I have you."

She continued to stare at him, and he held her gaze as long as he could,
until the other came with their blankets and their spells and their good
intentions, pulling them from each other's arms. With the last of her
strength, he grabbed his wrist and held fast, forcing out what needed to
be said.

"They're all dead…"

Then she let her eyes finally slide shut, her consciousness and her pain
slide away until all there was a dark and painless void.

