# Converging Conflicts

By the next morning, Snape was in Warsaw with the Dark Lord and over
five hundred Brass Culties and fifty-six Sentinels. Three were placed in
his command, two Sentinels and a Cultie with emergency medical training.
Neither Sentinel looked happy to be placed in the command of a
*civilian*, but he had established early on that their feelings on the
matter were irrelevant. The Pain Curse had helped reinforce the lesson.
The cultie was thankfully more obedient if not any smarter.

He had his own subordinates well in hand, but what he hadn't factored on
was Lestrange being at the embassy to greet them. Voldemort apparently
hadn't been expecting her either.

"What are you doing here, Bella?" he demanded softly, as she approached,
escorted by a cultie who had been assigned to watch her. The cultie
happily left when the Dark Lord gestured, cringing pathetically as
Lestrange glared at his retreating figure before returning it her
master.

"What you have assigned me to do. My investigations have led me to
believe that the…" she glanced at Snape distrustfully, "target is being
kept in Germany. The ministry offices in Berlin should have records."

The Dark Lord frowned, but unfortunately he didn't caste a *crucio* on
her like he had been doing to just about everyone else since yesterday.
Snape tried to hide his disappointment.

"I see," Voldemort said, and then seemed to dismiss the matter in favor
of ordering his men about. Before he could walk away from her though,
she called back his attention.

"My lord, perhaps, since I must wait until Berlin is once again secured,
I might be of use to you? An experienced soldier should not be wasted."

Snape glared at her. He suspected if she got her way she would make
herself a nuisance to him at every opportunity. "Madam, you don't even
know what is going on," he pointed out."

She smirked at him.

"Considering how quickly all of this is going down, I doubt anyone else
does either."

Voldemort considered, glancing between the two rivals. He shook his
head.

"Fine. You will replace Captain Nocentelli, have him debrief you, then
report to the auditorium at 1100 hours."

"As you command, my lord," she said, saluting crisply and retreating,
but not before throwing a smug look back at Snape. He pretended to
ignore her, knowing that would be the greatest insult of all. He knew he
would have to deal with her directly soon, but now was not the time.

Maybe if killing Harry proved unnecessary (in other words, he was
already dead by some other means) he could try his poison on her. If he
were lucky, the Dark Lord would be so distracted he wouldn't even
notice.

---

Hermione hated the dungeons. She didn't tell anyone this, knowing it
would offend both her brother and her godfather who called the place
home, but she could never quite convince herself she was comfortable
there. They were dark and creepy and chilly, and she had nightmares
about getting lost in them. She was a Gryffindor though. She could brave
the dim and sinister place when necessary.

Although, one could argue about how 'necessary' this particular trip
really was. She didn't have potions today, and her brother was in class
at the moment. She should have been in the library studying during this,
her quiet period, but she had decided to check something out first.

Ronald Weasley hadn't shown up for dinner last night or breakfast that
morning or even for Transfiguration. Professor McGonagall had said he
wasn't feeling well, but when she went to the infirmary he wasn't there.
When she asked Draco, he said had gone to bed early last night and
refused to get up that morning. Natalie piped in and said he had gotten
into some sort of trouble and his mother had even been called in to
chastise him.

Hermione knew that wasn't the case, but she had no intention of
correcting the other girl. She didn't like the idea of Natalie having
anything with which to torment Ron, especially not now. Not after what
Ginny had cried onto her shoulder the night before.

Looking around briefly to make sure no one was there to see her, she
whispered the password to the Slytherin dormitory and slipped inside. It
was thankfully empty, everyone else either in classes or busy elsewhere.
Cautiously, she made her way towards the boys' dormitory. She had
visited her brother enough to know where it was and how to get passed
the wards, although she was thankful her godfather was gone otherwise
she doubted it would have escaped his notice.

The fire play burned green flames, providing a great deal of warmth but
only a little light. The torches were turned low, casting the room in
deep shadows and the silhouettes of snakes. She shivered. She didn't
know how anyone could sleep in here comfortably.

"Ron? Are you here?"

"'Mione?" came a groggy reply, and she could just make out movement
behind one of the bed curtains. "*Lumos domesticus*."

The torches flared and the fireplace turned from green to a cheery
orange, lighting the room to something that looked less like it had been
pulled from the dark imagination of Beadle the Bard. Ron sat up in his
bed, still dressed in his bed clothes and his hair looking a mad and
unkempt as Harry's tended to. He gave her an irritated glare that was
somewhat ruined by the enormous yawn that followed.

"What are you doing in here?"

She sat down at the foot of his bed. "I came to see you. Ginny told me
what happened."

His eyes, darkly circled and puffy, widened in alarm. She hastened to
reassure him.

"Don't worry, no one else knows. I promise. Everyone thinks you got
chewed out by your mum. Natalie's doing, no doubt."

He seemed to relax a bit, and let out a deep sigh. He turned his sad
brown eyes to her, and shook his head.

"You expect me to talk aboutit?"

"That's up to you. Whatever you want."

"Careful, luv, I might just take advantage," he joked, but it rang flat.
His half-hearted smile died a pitiful death as he looked down at his
hands resting in his lap. "My father's dead."

She reached out and placed her hand over his. They clenched into fists,
but he didn't pull away. "I know."

"I knew… I *knew* he was dying, but I… I pretended… like it wasn't worth
thinking about. My father died f-for-" his voice hitched and cracked,
but he forced it out even as he felt it rip and tear at his throat.
"Forgotten."

He continued to talk, stammering and chocking on the words and the tears
as he told her how the official cause of death was 'pneumonia', but that
was just the cheap way of saying he grew too weak to live and no one
tried to help. There would be no body to bury. Even dead, the prisoners
of Azkaban were denied their dignity, and his remains would be sent to a
medi-wizard university were some know nothing student was going to hack
him into pieces and then toss him the incinerator like so much refuse.

Half way through and he was sobbing into her shoulder, feeling stupid
and sick and grateful, but all he wanted was to feel numb and empty. She
promised she would try help his father receive a proper burial and at
the very least he would receive a proper ceremony. She didn't know how
much of what she said reached him, but eventually the crying stopped and
he merely leaned against her quietly and listened.

"I should go now," she said. "I have arithmancy in ten minutes. Will I
see you at dinner?"

"Yeah," he said softly, hardly enthused, but it was something. "I just…
gotta clean up a bit."

"Teabags are good for puffy eyes," she suggested.

"Any advice for hiding my freckles?" he teased, and it sounded little
more genuine than his last attempt although still pretty weak. She
smiled anyway and kissed his forehead, blushing as she pulled away.

"I'll talk to you later. Try to eat something, okay?"

"Yeah… thanks."

Her heart was hammering in her chest as she slipped soundlessly into the
hallway. Belatedly, she straightened her rumpled clothes, and felt her
blush deepen. Honestly! There hadn't been anything even *remotely*
romantic about what had just happened. Aside from the bed and the
holding and his sad, dark eyes… He had just lost his father for Merlin's
sake! She had only been trying to comfort him, exactly as she had done
for Ginny the night before. Nothing more, nothing less.

So thoroughly dedicated to convincing herself of this, she failed to
take proper stock of her surroundings. If she had, she might have
noticed the shadow that didn't quite fit sticking out from behind the
suit of armor that she passed or the feeling of malicious triumph at the
back of her neck. So she went on her way, completely unaware that Trudy
Sabbat was plotting how to use what she had seen against her.

---

Harry thought perhaps he should have asked Carrigan exactly how far the
lake was before he left him, but it was too late now. He had been
running along the creek's edge for what could have been hours or even
days, and still come across no lake. Eventually, he did hit the spring
season though. A wet, muddy spring season that threatened to suck his
shoes off his feet every time he took a step. He couldn't help but
wonder if it wasn't one of Greyback's traps. He hadn't left any prints
in the snow, so why was he sinking in the mud?

The low hanging clouds had descended even further, so that soon he was
blind and forced to follow the creek's edge by sound alone and nearly
fell into it several times and lost track of it more than once. In the
fog, sometimes he heard sounds that were not the creek. Rustling sounds,
like leaves being moved, but never a snapping twig or a thud or a splash
from a mud puddle. It would have been simple to dismiss it as the wind
moving leaves about, but one thing that hadn't changed in this strange
place was the absence of wind (and night).

He was being followed. He was certain of that, but what ever it was
remained far enough from him that the fog rendered it invisible.

Refusing to let it frighten him, he pressed on, running as fast as he
safely could in the poor visibility. His body did not tire here, but he
had discovered falling or running into a low hanging branch *did* hurt.

Gradually, the mud grew deeper and the fog grew denser. The haunting
sound of loons echoed eerily and he knew he was getting closer to the
lake. But the closer he came, the closer the *other*sounds became until
at last he started to see shadows in the fog, sweeping in close then
leaping away before he could get any really impression of their size or
shape.

He had stopped several times, startled by the proximity of the potential
attackers and their speed, but he always forced himself to continue,
reminding himself that it wasn't real. Not really. Nothing more than a
trick, a test. Nothing more. He told himself that over and over again,
forcing himself to take one slippery step after another without pausing
even when the phantoms darted in so close he thought he felt something
brush against him.

He didn't stop walking, but he didn't stop flinching either.

---

"Commander! Commander Oblitz?!"

Oblitz paused on his way to tour the defenses on the western end of
their camp, glancing inconspicuously at the young man frantically
searching the crowd for him. It was not an auror, much too young for
that, but he did have an arm band identifying him a volunteer and he was
clutching a messenger's bag tightly to his chest. Oblitz calculated the
possibility of the enemy sending him a booby-trapped letter, found it
was likely but also realized it was even more likely a legitimate and
potentially important message from his allies.

"Over here," he called at last, drawing the boy's attention. The
messenger quickly scurried over to him. He saluted clumsily and fumbled
with his bag. "*Slowly*,"the man ordered, and the other froze. Slowly he
looked up.

"Sorry?"

"Move *slowly*."

The messenger looked dumbly at him for a moment, then turned back to his
bag and with a bit more caution, opened his bag and pulled out a letter.
Oblitz took it carefully at the very edge of the paper, glancing at the
seal which was a pentagram, a generic and anonymous mark. The boy
watched him nervously as he cast several spells on the paper, but aside
from a few protection spells against moisture and spying it was
completely clean.

He opened it. Inside was a short, half page letter with neither a
greeting nor a signature. After reading the content, however, he could
easily guess its source. He folded the letter and placed it in his
pocket, removing a coin. He showed it to the boy but didn't immediately
hand it to him.

"Who gave you this letter?"

The boy just shrugged. "The postmaster, sir. All my letter are given to
me by the post master."

Oblitz figured as much, and toss the coin to the boy, who smiled his
thanks before hurrying off. No doubt he had many other letters to
deliver what with the owl post being suspended in Berlin. Owls were too
easily intercepted. The chances were high that the postmaster wouldn't
even remember where this particular letter had come from or if it hadn't
simply 'appeared from nowhere'.

It wasn't important. What was important was that he believed in the
contents of the letter. He needed to call all the aurors together and
quickly so that they could make their preparations.

They only had a day and half to prepare for the Dark Lord's next attack.

---

"I'm going," Tonks stated, shoving the last of her gear into her
traveling case. Dumbledore stood quietly in the doorway; his expression
was sad, sympathetic, and pissing her off. Everything was pissing her
off lately. The cute little townhouse in Lentz, the quaint little people
with their stubborn dispositions, and especially how everyone was
treating her like she was made of fine porcelain. She had no intention
of cracking. She had things she needed to do. "If there's even a small
chance that he's alive, I'm going to find him."

"My dear, even if he is alive and you were to go, you would only risk
both your life and his. Voldemort is due to invade within a few days and
Oblitz is no friend of the Order. Right now, if Viktor is indeed alive
he has successfully managed to hide himself from the Dark Lord's forces.
Should you go in search of him you risk exposing both of you to not only
our enemies, but also to Oblitz himself who so far has no knowledge of
Viktor's association with us."

Tonks closed her eyes and clenched her fists. Merlin, she hated this.
All of this. The not knowing, the knowing and not being able to doing
anything, the ability to do something and deciding it was against the
'greater good'. It had seemed so clear in the beginning what she would
have to sacrifice in order to protect the world. Love, a family of her
own, a career, a home… all of it she had willingly thrown away in
pursuit of a cause she felt was worth more than herself.

But she hadn't counted on loosing her own honor along the way or the
loss of those she felt were worth more than the cause itself. Viktor had
been the best of them. Oh, Dumbledore was a great wizard and a genius,
but Viktor had been a great man... for the brief time he'd had been a
man. He had a bright future; a future that could change the world for
the better, but he was gone now and all for nothing. Despite what she
had told Dumbledore, she did not truly believe he was alive, but he
deserved more than what he had been given. If nothing else, she hoped to
take his body home to his family.

"What do you want me to do? What do you want?" she hissed through her
gritted teeth. "I can't…I won't just forget him."

A firm hand rested on her shoulder, belying the fragility of the
wizard's age. Despite her resentment, he was a soothing, steadying
presence.

"Of course not. That is the last thing I would ever ask of you. But you
mustn't remember Viktor as only your friend. He was also your comrade,
your fellow idealist. Through his actions and his words he fought to
preserve justice and freedom of nations, and he was willing to sacrifice
his life to do so. He would not want you torn from that path out of
grief or a sense of obligation. He was never that egocentric."

She gave a little half laugh, half sniffle and nodded.

"No, he never did think of himself much. He was always forgetting to eat
or sleep or you know, be human."

"Just so. Now come downstairs and have some tea with me. There is still
much to be done here in Lentz and I need your help."

She sighed and nodded. He was right. She couldn't just up and leave.
With Viktor and Friedricks gone, they were short on man power and needed
her expertise to start organizing a defense here before the war reached
their doorstep. Lentz was only the beginning. Once the militia was up
and running, they could begin recruiting and organizing additional
forces across the nation and into the neighboring countries. Now was a
critical time. Germany was likely lost, but there was the chance even it
could be saved if allies were roused quickly enough.

It was what Viktor would have wanted.

She had to believe that.

---

Night had fallen in the faery realm and Fenrir had halted travel in
favor of a full night's rest. Tomorrow they would arrive in Berlin, and
he wanted his people well rested for the battle that was to come. They
were still upon the rolling hills, with no cover and no shelter, but he
had used magic to create campfires and to warn them if any danger
approached.

Above him the stars were a shimmering blanket, so different from the odd
speck of light he was used to seeing as a mortal, and around him his
people were shifting shadows in the fire light. They were restless,
saying very little but all of them thinking of the same thing.

Berlin.

"You're all going to die."

He glanced behind him at the raven, which was perched on a pile of
clothes. It wasn't much of a roost, but enough to see over the
surrounding tall grass. He turned back to the fire, considered poking at
it to encourage it to burn but being a magical fire it would be a
meaningless gesture.

"I didn't ask for your opinion."

"It's an observation. Not an opinion."

"Hn."

"Half your people don't even have weapons! It will be a slaughter."

"I have a plan."

"I hope it's better than your last one."

Fenrir ignored the remark.

"All you have to concern yourself with is getting us there, and getting
your boy wizard safely out again. I will take care of me and mine."

"…Idiot."

The raven flew off, which was just fine with him. He didn't want the
creature's company to begin with. They would be in Berlin the next
evening, and then he would prove which of them was truly the fool in
this game.

---

Katarina stared down at Viktor, lying in the coffin, arms crossed in a
traditional position. Goethe had probably thought it funny. It wasn't
often that one not of their kind slept in such a manner, even if the
sleep itself was unnatural.

She rather thought it suited him. Even in the artificial guise of one
dead, Viktor maintained a regal and dignified bearing. He had a strong
chin and his brow was low, giving him a look of perpetual concentration
even as the rest of his face was smooth in sleep. Slowly, she reached
out to touch his cheek with her bare hand. His skin felt no warmer than
her own until she ran an immodest thumb over his lips and felt a burst
of warm breath against it.

"It would be such a waste…" she lamented, "if all Horace wanted was to
prolong your suffering. You impressed me that night on the tower and
again down in the tunnels. So brave. So resourceful. You were meant for
things greater than being that child's plaything."

Gently, she brushed a few stray hairs from his forehead, and then pulled
away. Her thoughts turned inward. Viktor would not be the only one being
wasted under Horace's unique brand of tyranny. With every passing day
his arrogant, bullying nature was coming to the fore, provoking Katarina
and her coven with his imperious demands of absolute privacy and
absolute loyalty. She had stopped herself several times from simply
snapping the wizard's scrawny little neck, and now she was starting to
wonder if that was a good thing or not.

She had a truce with the Dark Lord, who had entrusted his own kin to
her, but with she was beginning to think Britain's ruler didn't care one
way or another if the boy lived or died here. He certainly hadn't
thought to keep the boy safe or send others to ensure his safety. There
had been no communication between them for nearly a week now as far as
she knew, though perhaps the wards affected their psychic communication.
She wasn't sure. Either way, if something …*unfortunate* were to happen
to Horace, well… who's to say what happened? They're in the middle of a
war zone after all.

She looked back down at Viktor who slept on, oblivious. She smiled
softly and leaned in to whisper softly in his ear.

"Do not worry yourself, my darling. I won't let that nasty little boy
hurt you. I won't let him hurt *either* of us."

And then she moved lower, her mouth moving from the shell of his ear to
the bare skin of his neck.

---

Fenrir woke them before dawn, had them eat the last of their rations and
moved them hard for the rest of the day. The green hills turned to
thickets and young woodland, thick with animals, common and faery bred
alike, and Bobby was careful to keep them off the game trails. The raven
was becoming increasingly nervous, fidgeting and looking back frequently
as if contemplating turning them all back around.

He never did though, and just as the sun was starting to hang low they
came upon a cave. It was carved out of a hillside, half hidden behind a
grove of mulberry bushes, and looked like little more than an large
animal den.

"This is the place. It will take you right into the middle of Berlin,"
the raven said, alighting on a small tree. "Now release Harry."

"Our agreement was for when we were *in* Berlin, not before. I'm not
letting him go until I know this doesn't lead straight to Azkaban or
Voldemort's office or *hell* as you previously threatened."

The raven's feathers puffed out in irritation, but nevertheless he flew
straight for the cave, whisking past Fenrir as he did so and
disappearing into the dark. The war god turned to the others gathering
behind him.

"Anyone with a wand or a weapon follows directly behind me. Anyone
without stay towards the back. Don't wander off and don't get
distracted. This may be a trap."

Not waiting for their response (they could only reply in the affirmative
to his commands anyway), he ducked into the cave. Inside, the cave hung
low and its soft clay walls crumbled under the hand he used to guide
himself along. He could neither see nor hear his guide, but it didn't
matter. There was only direction to follow.

He cast a lighting spell and led the way.

He wasn't sure how long or how far they traveled in the underground.
There was no sense of day or night and his own anxiety made his judgment
of time questionable. Everything was absolutely silent. It quickly grew
cold in the underground, and they stopped only once in order to put on
their winter clothes.

What little Fenrir did know was that they were traveling downwards by
the gradual yet persistent sloping of the ground, and the deeper they
went the larger and stonier the cave became until it became a great
cavern, and he had to weave around sparkling white stalactites and
stalagmites reaching for each other.

Yet no matter how large or small or winding the cave became there was
only ever two directions to travel, forwards and backwards. Backwards
was never an option.

The caverns grew smaller, the stalactites and stalagmites disappeared,
and their route started to slope upwards again. There was still no sign
of their guide. Then, without warning, the rough limestone gave way to
smooth brick that shook beneath his touch as the sound of a train passed
over head, shaking loose bits of dust to rain down on them. He listened
intently after it had passed.

In the distance he could hear a female voice, electronic and monotone,
announcing something in German. He grinned. So they had made it after
all. He ordered those few with wands to start casting Notice-Me-Not
charms (although honestly he didn't know if even muggles could *not*
notice two hundred something people dressed as if they had walked out of
medieval battle re-enactment. It wasn't important. He lead them forward,
until their one way tunnel split into several different directions and
then he followed the one were he could hear the most people. It emptied
out into a wide tunnel with several tracks laid across it. Across the
tracks was a station house and a large platform, crowded with muggles
going up or down escalators and through security gates. A good sign. The
aurors would never set a trap in the middle of such a large crowd of
muggles.

"Don't step on the rails," he warned the others, knowing they could be
electrified. He had past experiences with muggle transportation, when
the ministry made the usual travel methods unsafe. "And watch out for
trains."

They crossed cautiously to the other side. The platform stood up to his
chin and there were no stairs or ladders, so Fenrir used a little of his
magic to jump up and startled a pair of old ladies when he landed in
front of them. He grinned at them.

"Sorry, ladies."

"Be careful, young man," one said, distractedly, already starting to
forget about him. "This isn't a football field."

He nodded and turned back to check on the others. They were working in
twos and threes to help each other up and required little assistance, so
he monitored the muggles closely to make sure the spells were working
well enough. Most of the muggles were suitably distracted by cell
phones, video games, books, or private conversation that they barely
noticed the new arrivals except to move as the platform became more and
more crowded. Even security and the ticket takers were suitably
distracted checking on those coming from outside that they didn't seem
to notice they were being invaded from within. The few who seemed to
notice something odd was happening were those standing alone without
anything to pre-occupy them, which were few enough that Fenrir didn't
feel particularly concerned.

When the last of his small army were finally gathered on the platform,
Bobby finally decided to make his appearance, landing on top of a nearby
trashcan.

"I've kept my end of the bargain, now keep yours," he demanded.

"First, tell me how to get to wizarding Berlin."

"*No!*" the raven snapped impatiently. "*First*, you release Harry and
*then* I'll tell you."

Fenrir growled low. "Don't push me, you stupid pigeon."

"Don't push *me*, you rabid dog. We had a deal, and I've kept up my end.
It is time you kept up yours. Unless promises only have meaning to
wizards these days."

"*Fine*," he snarled so viciously, that several muggles standing nearby
suddenly leapt away from him. He closed his eyes and more softly, he
said, "Give me a minute. I have to-"

There was a sudden loud *swooshing* soundfrom somewhere on the left side
of the platform. He knew that sound well. He spun around, drawing his
sword in the same movement. Despite the sudden arrival of dozens of
wizards at once, his gaze invariable found the Voldemort's first.

"Hello, Greyback," the Dark Lord greeted coolly. Fenrir flung his sword
out, not at the wizard but at Bobby who just barely managed to dive to
safety and landed clumsily on the edge of the platform.

"*You tricked me!*"

Now muggles were really starting to take notice, including security, but
the Sentinels tossed outs several spells to distract and confuse them
again.

"No, he didn't," Voldemort said evenly. "There are only three entrance
points from the faery realms directly into Berlin, and one of them is
within the warded area. I had my spies plant a portkey at both available
locations and waited for your unique brand of magic to activate them.
Now then, if we were able to detect you here from Warsaw, I guarantee
the German Aurors have as well. So if you wouldn't mind releasing Harry
quickly-"

Another familiar *wizarding* sound suddenly filled the station house. A
distinct *popping* noise.

"Ah shit," Bobby muttered. "It's too late."

There were shouts from the other side of the platform as several muggles
were rudely jostled by men who had not been there only seconds before.
Men, who it seemed, kept coming. The wizards who arrived stared
horrified at the mass of people around them, whether because of the
security risk they presented or the sheer potential for casualties or
both was hard to tell.

"Hey! Where are your train passes?" a security officer shouted, even as
more aurors continue to pop in from out of nothing.

"Watch it!"

"Move! You're blocking the elevator!"

Fenrir rolled his eyes. The Dark Lord just looked embarrassed for them,
and contemplated slaughtering muggles just to get them into proper form.
Fenrir, however, took the initiative. He turned to Lloyd who was
carrying one of the two rifles they had and made a gesture towards him.
Lloyd unslung his rifle, aimed, and fired. The fluorescent lights above
the arriving aurors exploded, raining down sparks and shards of glass.
The muggles were faster to react than the aurors, letting out terrified
screams and rushing for the exits.

The second shot hit an actual Auror, splattering those closest to him in
blood and brain matter. After that, the muggles were nothing more than
obstacles for the aiming of their own spells. Lloyd took the first hit,
screaming and smoking as was thrown from the platform. The second
strike, Fenrir blocked with his sword, grinning like a lunatic. Behind
him, Voldemort threw up a massive shield, buying his own men time to
prepare their spells and protecting the werewolves as well. Several
muggles were either thrown or smashed into the invisible wall, knocking
them down and further terrifying those who hadn't yet escaped. Spells
flashed and skidded off the shield, taking out several of the
overhanging lights and darkening the platform. Muggle security had drawn
their fire arms and shouted commands to lay down their weapons, but they
had no definitive target and hadn't yet fired for fear of hitting the
civilians.

"Release Harry this instant," Voldemort commanded, his tone cutting
through the cacophony of voices warring in the echoing tunnels of the
underground. Fenrir grinned back at him. He made a terrible sight, a
child dressed all in black, blade in hand, sanity in question, and a
promise of something worse.

"I've got a better idea."

Voldemort raised his wand to cast a binding spell and prevent whatever
the mad creature had in mind, but his shield failed under the Auror's
onslaught and he had to quickly adjust his aim to block the flurry of
spells directed at him. His retaliating spell set the entire ceiling
ablaze, exploding the remaining lights and electric cables as it
blanketed outwards towards the Aurors before descending in blazing
spears. The screaming now was from pain rather than panic, from those
not quick enough to bring up their shields or apparate to safety.

It was a good attack, but it did nothing to move the fight in his favor.
Out of the corner of his eye he saw three Culties fall to a curse,
sinking into the liquefied floor until only their hands were visible and
floor re-hardened, killing them instantly… hopefully. The Aurors were
*still* arriving, and ready for the fight. One even apparated right in
the middle of Voldemort's men and managed to take out four more culties
before Snape caught him from behind and slit his throat.

"My lord," Snape hissed in his ear, drawing his attention even as he
tossed out a countercurse and a shield without speaking. "Potter's doing
something to the others!"

The Dark Lord turned his attention, as much of it as he dared, back to
Fenrir. The war god had stupidly turned his back to the enemy, the sword
of Gryffindor flitting this way and that without looking to block and
destroy the curses being flung at him. His other hand was held high in
the air and over the other werewolves who had collapsed to the ground
and were know writhing in agony as he chanted something that was lost in
roar of battle. It took Voldemort a moment to realize what the war god
was doing, and when he did he was momentarily stunned. Only Snape's
presence beside him, kept him from losing an ear as a cutting curse drew
a little too close.

They both fell to the floor, cutting the exposed skin of their hands
faces on the glass covered floor. It was irrelevant. He was back on his
feet, his strongest shielding spell thrown up to protect him so that he
could continue to watch the dark miracle unfolding before him. Snape
tried to get up as well, but Voldemort pushed him back down into the
protection of his shield, forcing him to his knees. The potions master
was confused for a moment, until he too saw what was transpiring before
him.

Fenrir's army was getting back up.

Getting back up on four legs. On four long, hairy legs with two and half
inch claws and a matching set of fangs.

"Oh my god," he heard Snape breath out.

Fenrir turn back to the aurors, eyes burning with gleeful insanity. With
the hand he had used to cast his spell, he made a gesture towards the
enemy. At once, over two hundred fully transformed werewolves leapt into
the fray, running full speed and mad towards the aurors. A dozen were
cut down before they could engage, but in the low confines of the
tunnel, there was nowhere flee. The shields which could be used to block
spells were useless for fending off werewolves, who broke through them
as if though they were nothing. They tore into the fringe of the group
first, tearing witches and wizards from the group and within seconds
rendering their prey into pieces before going for the next victim. Over
a dozen German fighters were lost within half a minute.

"Defense spells *only*!" Voldemort shouted to his people, but he needn't
have bothered. They had stopped firing on their own to watch in morbid
horror. This was not the same fight they had befell the Goddess colony.
Here, there were no brooms to fight from. Here there was nowhere to
retreat to. The aurors fought desperately, throwing out their most
vicious attacks, killing werewolf after werewolf but there were too many
and before another could be taken down they were overtaken.

And still Aurors just kept *coming.*

Separate from it all and yet a part of it as well, Fenrir laughed and
laughed as if it were the most hilarious thing he had ever seen. Any
other time, Voldemort might have joined in, but he *really* wanted to
get Harry out of here. The war god was proving stupidly careless with
his protégé's body, standing out in the open like that.

And then all of the Auror's disappeared.

A series of loud pops indicated their method of escape. The why of it
wasn't immediately apparent. Well, unless it was simple
self-preservation, of course. Their prey gone, the werewolves turned
their attention towards Voldemort and his soldiers.

"Do you mind?" the Dark Lord muttered at Fenrir, who was smirking at him
now.

"Not in the least." He wasn't amused. The war god gave a little pout.
"Oh, fine. Be a spoil sport."

He waved the werewolves away, and they turned and contented themselves
with feasting on the dead. Half a dozen culties broke away from their
group in order to vomit over the side of the platform. Voldemort
released Snape and allowed him to climb back to his feet.

"This isn't the end of it," he told the others. "They'll regroup and
come back. Keep your guard up."

Snape nodded in agreement, although he didn't look away from the
monsters as he spoke.

"They'll collapse this tunnel. It's standard operating procedure. We
need to get out *now*."

From above the sound of sirens could be heard, summoning more muggles to
complicate an already messy situation.

"Retreat into the tunnel. There should be another platform a mile or two
up the line," Voldemort ordered, then turned to Fenrir who was still
chuckling softly to himself. "If your pets can behave themselves, I
suggest you bring them along. I'll need to destroy the bodies before I
leave."

Fenrir nodded, and with a little whistle drew his wolves' attention.
They quickly padded towards him, some of them picking up small body
parts to take with them and jumped from the platform. As soon as they
were out of the way, Voldemort set the platform ablaze in brilliant
green fire. The Culties flinched at the wave of heat drew towards them,
and started retreating off the platform as well, albeit with a careful
eye on the werewolves moving soundlessly in the darkness. Fenrir admired
the blaze for a moment, stepping back slowly so that he might watch his
enemies and his comrades alike be reduced to nothing more than ashes and
cinders. Then he turned away, and made his way off the platform. As he
did so, something gave him pause.

"What have we 'ere?"

Reaching down into the shadows at the platform's edge, he pulled
something out of the darkness. Bobby remained stiff and motionless in
the war god's hands, eyes wide and terrified. Fenrir grinned, but before
he could do anything Voldemort snatched the raven from him.

"Hurry up," he snapped, storming passed him and into the tunnel. Fenrir
glared, but followed after. They were hardly off the platform when it
gave a horrid *lurch* and exploded from the floor upwards, smothering
the green fire and burying whatever hadn't been turned to ash. Dirt and
smoke blew into the tunnel in a fierce wind, and once it had passed it
left everything in a choking fog.

"That wasn't me," Voldemort stated, if only to clarify that indeed, the
fighting was far from over. He turned to Fenrir. "My protégé if you
don't mind."

"You really want to wake him up *now?*" he laughed. "He'll freeze up,
get himself killed."

"I will see to Mr. Potter's safety," Snape stated, daring him to
contradict him. Fenrir didn't contradict him, but he didn't acknowledge
him either. From up ahead on of the werewolves let out a piercing howl.

"Incoming," Fenrir warned.

