# The Quest for the Prince

"Damn it! Damn it all to hell, don't people understand what's riding on this?
How can everyone be so stupid?!" Minister Seibligg snarled, throwing something
across the room, and forcing one of his interns to jump out of the way. "I've
got three and a half *weeks*! Just three and a half weeks, when I could have
had six months… It's that damn Dumbledore's fault. He said he'd handle it.
Well, he handled it alright. Handled it right over to Voldemort more than
likely!"

The minister continued to rant for several more minutes along these lines,
while the half dozen interns waited in quiet tension for him to either wind
down or throw something at them. You could never be certain which would happen
first with a man as volatile as him.

It didn't help that the political climate lately was… intense.

The papers had been criticizing him relentlessly for the failed attempt at
spying, and more importantly for risking the lives of mere school children in
the process. His political opponents were out for blood, suggesting he be
surrendered to the Dark Lord as a display of peaceful reconciliation with
Britain. Their blood thirst wouldn't let them wait until September when the
national election would be held, and defeat him legitimately.

If it weren't for the common consensus of the public that Britain was ruled by
the Devil, and public outrage at the Dark Lord's Ultimatum, he might have been
impeached months ago. As things stood, his chances for reelection were slim to
nil.

He had needed Potter's support, and what ever intelligence he might have on
the Dark Lord, not only for military reasons but for public ones. The witch
and wizarding community were still patting their own backs for 'rescuing' the
little ingrate, and he needed to take advantage of that while he still could.
The boy was his single gain in the entire Triwizard Tournament debacle, but if
anyone found out the child had disappeared or even worse, that he had defected
back to Britain, he would be ruined.

They would say he had lied to the public, and the boy really had been
kidnapped just like the Dark Lord had been claiming all along. They'd throw
him to Voldemort just out of principle.

During coffee breaks, the interns silently admitted to one another that they
hoped Potter showed up at the execution and gave the bastard the finger.

"I want Potter found! I want Dumbledore found! Heads are going to roll for
this, and mine sure as hell won't be one of them. Autman! I want you to
contact every major paper and tell them the old bastard was attacked by Death
Eaters, and we don't know what happened to him or Potter. Tell them the
Ministry is posting a 1500 Schulich\[^87-1] reward for any information leading the
safe recovery of Potter or Dumbledore or both. I want it out by the morning
post or it's your balls, Autman!"

Autman hurried to do as commanded, more than happy to be safely out of the
room than worried about his manhood.

"Spencer, you're going to contact the Auror Corps. I'm issuing a national
alert. The borders are closed. No one in or out until that boy is in our
custody. Blame it on the Death Eaters, but make it known Potter might be
resistant to capture… Imperius curse or some other nonsense. Eisenhoff, find
someone convenient to blame for the breach in security. Oreff, find those
imbeciles to botched the mission and then 'lose' them again. I don't want
their screw up messing with the official report, got that? And Dieski…"

"Yes, sir?" she said, timidly, hopeful that she'd finally get to do
*something* important.

"Get me a beer."

---

The newest headquarters for the Order of the Phoenix was a bit more cramped
than their usual selection, but Harry's disappearance had ruined much of their
plans and forced them to compromise. Something no one was happy about.

"You seriously couldn't find anything better?" Phoebe groused, timidly
stepping over a desiccated pile of rodent crap. "I wouldn't even sleep here."

The basement of the abandoned paper factory provided them with plenty of
privacy, but that was about it. It was dank, smelly, and infested with
rodents. It was also only a few blocks from the Astora Hotel, and roving gangs
of Aurors trying to track Dumbledore down.

"It is only for a short time," Dumbledore assured them, "Until we have a
better idea of where Mr. Potter has gone."

"He ran away," Johan stated bluntly. "Didn't I say he would at the first
chance he got?"

"Some how I don't think this specific circumstance was what you were referring
to," Viktor said. Of everyone, he was the most concerned about what had
happened. Harry and he had not parted on good terms, but of everyone there
Viktor thought he understood the boy the most. Harry was probably the most
conflicted person he had ever met, which meant all his actions only made sense
to himself. It frustrated Viktor beyond words that Harry couldn't just
*decide* whose side he wanted to be on, but perhaps that very indecisiveness
was the final remnant of innocence still left to him. He was still only
fourteen, and that boggled Viktor's mind more than anything else. He was only
fourteen and running around with Aurors and Dark Wizards chasing after him.
There was nothing good that could come out of this situation.

There was a knock at the basement door, followed by Fredric, still in his
Auror's uniform. They all turned to him expectantly. He gave them a grin.

"The Minister doesn't have him. He's shutting down the borders and put up an
award for the *both* of you. I think he still believes you have him, Albus."

There was a vague air of relief at the news, except for Johan who just snorted
in disgust.

"What did you think happened? They spelled him to get his stuff and then climb
out the window? How the hell did he even get his wand?"

Dumbledore smiled a bit at this. "I believe he disarmed one of the Aurors and
ran off with his wand, and used that to retrieve his own wand."

Now Fredric was confused. "How did he disarm an Auror without a wand?"

"I am not entirely certain myself. I was unfortunately distracted."

"I have heard a rumor," Viktor offered, "that he can do some wandless magic. I
don't know if it's true. I've never seen him do it myself."

"Marvelous," Johan muttered.

"So now what?" Tonks said impatiently. "We can't stick around here."

"Not all of us," Dumbledore admitted. "Viktor, I'd like you to stay in the
area and conduct a search of your own. No one will question you searching for
a lost friend. Fredric, just keep monitoring the situation as best you can. I
will talk to the police, and put myself up somewhere for the next couple of
days."

The Order looked a bit confused by his last statement.

"Who are the 'Police'?" Timmons asked.

"Muggle Aurors," Tonks said, grimacing. She'd had a few run in with *those.* A
few unauthorized entries while working for Dumbledore had gotten her in more
than few hot spots with the police.

"What could they possibly do?"

"Mr. Potter escaped into Muggle Cologne, not Wizarding Cologne. He has no idea
how to get to the magical part of the city, and even if he did, he would
probably avoid it. I feel it is likely he will try to flee the city by railway
or bus. The police can send out a notice to be on the look out for 'my runaway
grandson', if you catch my drift."

It seemed like a sound idea, except to Johan who saw the obvious flaw. If
Potter didn't want to be noticed by muggles, he certainly had to know some
spells to ensure that he wasn't. He didn't say anything though. No one
listened to him anyway.

"We will meet here in twenty-four hours. If we have made no progress, we will
relocate and make new plans."

With that, they made their exit. Fredric first to make sure no one was there
to spot them, and then the others, each wandering to different sides of the
abandoned factory to carry out their various duties.

Viktor hung back a little to talk to Dumbledore, who seemed to be expecting
him.

"You are worried about our misplaced friend," the old wizard surmised.

Viktor nodded.

"What, specifically, are you worried will happen?"

"A lot of things. I'm worried he'll get caught by Aurors. I'm worried he'll
get caught by Voldemort's men. I'm worried he'll go back to Voldemort of his
own free will. I'm worried he'll just disappear and we'll never know what
happened to him."

"Worrisome things indeed."

Much to Viktor's dismay, he realized Dumbledore didn't have any words of
comfort for him. All of these fears were legitimate, and the old wizard wasn't
going to downplay the seriousness of the situation. The only solution was to
find Harry first.

He might as well try and find Atlantis while he was at it.

---

It took less than an hour for Harry to become completely and utterly carsick.
At least, he hoped it was just carsickness. If any of his wounds got seriously
infected he would be in serious trouble. In any event, he was not in a good
state.

The car's air conditioning didn't work, and despite rolling down the windows,
the car was still cramped and sweltering and stank of sweating bodies. His
kidnapper didn't seem to mind, and neither did his family. The children napped
or doodled in activity books, obediently quiet and pointedly not talking to
Harry. Their mother watched Harry like a hawk, frequently looking at his hands
to make sure they were still bound and unmoving in his lap. He felt too ill
himself to work up a good stare of resentment, so he ignored her. The father
kept his attention on the road. The only sign that they even acknowledged the
heat was the frequent passing of a water bottle.

Harry had his own bottle, nearly empty. Lycanthrosis, he thought vaguely,
gradually coming to the conclusion that all of the family were werewolves and
not just the man if they didn't seemed worried about contracting it. He didn't
think too much into it. He was too nauseous and headachy to devote much energy
to any thoughts aside from 'where are we going' and 'how do I get out of
here'.

They were heading north, towards the North Sea. They passed a few road signs
with names Harry thought he recognized, places with rivers leading out to sea.
Lubreck. Bremen. He had been in Bremen before. The Durmstrang ship had dropped
him and everyone else off there. Where they going to take the same route out
of Germany? There seemed to be dozens of easier routes. Plane. Train. Bus.
Most of them leading south into Belgium or France, and taking either a ferry
or the 'Chunnel'\[^87-2] into England

"Why are we going by sea?" he asked, the first words he had spoken since he'd
woken up. The mother's eyes widened and she turned to her husband. So he had
guessed right.

"Why do you think we're going to the sea?" the man demanded, as if accusing
him of something.

"Because we passed by all the train and bus stations, and a couple of
airports… and several post offices if you wanted to get clever about it."

No one said anything for a long moment. The car suddenly lurched to the side
to let another car pass, and Harry closed his eyes and clenched his teeth, his
insides threatening to revolt.

"Oh God, pull over. I'm going to be sick."

"As if-"

The mother interjected. "Dear, he's serious. Pull over."

There was another abrupt swerve and fierce stop. Harry struggled with the
door, but it wouldn't open, and as his stomach wasn't waiting for him to
complete his evacuation, he gave up and climbed half way out the window and
vomited over the side. There wasn't much to expel, but it seemed to take
forever, and when it was finally over he could only hang over the door,
exhausted to the point of pain.

Had he ever felt this awful? After Infelix malis? When Snape slipped him that
Blue Pox potion? At this point, he couldn't even bring himself to care that he
was being driven to his probable torture and death. This was insidiously slow
and torturous death all its own.

"Here," the woman said from behind him, nudging his hand with his water
bottle. "Wash out your mouth and get back inside."

"Is he okay?" Jonah queried sleepily from the back.

"He's fine. Go back to sleep."

"Does he need medicine?"

"Go to sleep," his father reiterated, and the boy fell quiet. Stephen looked
to Harry, who had climbed back into the car, and sat slumped in his seat. They
stared at each other for a long time. "You should sleep as well."

Harry glared back at him. "You should just leave me at the nearest hospital."

"I swear to god kid, I'm going to pop you one if you don't drop the sass."

"Next upchuck I'm aiming at the back of your head."

"One more word, just one, and I'm gagging you."

Harry believed him, and relented, turning to stare out the window as they
headed back out onto the road. How far was it to the sea? Several hours. When
would they stop? Would they stop at all? If they did, he might be able to stun
both of the adults. The children were too young to stop him. He could find his
things and runaway again. Find a place to sleep off the sickness.

If the fucking drive didn't kill him first.

---

Hermione fidgeted nervously in the kitchen chair, staring across the table at
her godfather, his eyes skimming the article she had found. He looked awful,
like he hadn't slept at all, even though he obviously needed to. He was still
wearing a brewing apron, dragon hide, and his hair was tied back. Had he been
brewing all night? What ever for?

He had listened to her though, from start to finish, and even double checked
her interpretation from the book. At last, he shut it and looked back at her.

"Do you have any idea what you are asking?"

She nodded. "I know I'll have to let you into my memories… even those I'd
rather you not see…"

"There's a lot more to it than that," he said, closing his eyes. She hadn't a
clue what she was requesting. Sure he might find what she was looking for, and
perhaps she was willing to sacrifice a bit of privacy to do that, but there
was more at stake. She had buried memories that he had buried himself and that
WYRA had lawfully buried. Memories of the basilisk incident and memories of
her family before the Malfoys had adopted her. Shaking any of those memories
loose into her conscious or subconscious mind could have serious
ramifications.

It would be a tricky enough operation if her other memories weren't a factor
and he had a full night's rest, but as it was he didn't even want to attempt a
glance into her mind. His own was too exhausted.

He had been up all night, tweaking loyalty potions, altering them enough so
that they could be reversible or broke down on their own in time. The Dark
Lord might THINK he wanted a completely loyal Harry, but Snape knew such a
thing would soon result in disappointment. A servant who did not question
would simply become another meaningless sycophant.

There would likely be several 'experiments', before Voldemort found a solution
that satisfied him.

Snape knew something had to be done, but he suspected it would all come down
to the Dark Mark or something similar. Physical and mental freedom, but with a
magical bond. One that could easily destroy you if you ever attempted to break
it. The idea didn't sit well with him, but then nothing about the situation
did.

Which was what made Hermione's unexpected appearance almost welcome. He needed
a distraction that even the Dark Lord would excuse.

"Fine. We'll try, but if it becomes too much of a hassle, I'm pulling out," he
said, leaning back in his chair. Draco, who had been uncharacteristically
quiet standing by the counter immediately protested.

"You can't be serious! When was the last time you slept? If you go stumbling
through her brain like you are, she's going to end up thinking she's poodle by
the time you're done!"

"*Draco!*"

"A legitimate concern," Snape said mildy, turning to the boy. "Which is why
you're going to make some tea. Some very, very strong tea. Second cabinet on
your left."

"You're all loons," he muttered under his breath, but did as he was ordered.

An hour later found them in the living room, the curtains all shut tight.
Draco guarded the windows, peaking out to make sure no one came to disturb
them. Hermione and Snape sat on the couch, a pensieve on the coffee table.
Snape took her face in his calloused hands, and stared deeply into her eyes.

"I want you to think of that day in the castle, just before your memories
disappear, in as much detail as you can manage."

Her cheeks instantly pinked at the thought of Viktor's proposal to her in the
abandoned classroom. The potions master scowled at her.

"You can't afford to be embarrassed. Your mind retreats from memories that
make it uncomfortable, and that makes my job that much more difficult."

"I'm sorry…"

"Just concentrate."

Gradually, the memory came to the forefront of her mind, and Snape found
himself the third party to an adolescent soap opera. All tears and pleas, and
the only think keeping him from retching was Hermione's staunch adherence to
logic even in the midst of teen heartbreak. The memory suddenly stuttered, and
he found himself looking down at Hermione on the floor, waking up in
confusion.

Having found the time frame of the lost memory, he left her conscious thought
to find exactly where it went. Technically, he had no physical body with which
to move, and both time and space was ephemeral concepts in the mind to begin
with, but with mental discipline and self awareness, he found it easy enough
to create a landscape that he could work with.

Concentrating, he dismissed Hermione's image of her last meeting with Viktor,
and found himself staring out in a smoky black void. He hovered in the
nothingness for a moment, deciding on the mindscape that would best suite his
needs, and willed it into being. The darkness suddenly brightened, and where
once there was endless space there was now white walls, a floor, and a
ceiling. A corridor stretched on into forever, and the walls were each lined
with a door, and all of the doors were different. Wood doors, painted doors,
glass doors, barn doors, tiny doors, car doors, draw bridges, attic doors,
beaded doors, elevator doors, round doors, pink doors, doors with knockers,
doors with mail slots, doors with signs on them, just endless doors of all
varieties. Their only linking factor was the set of gold numbers printed
neatly above each.

Curiously, he opened what appeared to be a closet door. Inside, he found
Hermione, no more than six, watching Narcissa intently as she dressed for a
night at the opera. Long, elegant fingers weaved through her golden hair, her
swan neck tilted just a bit as she looked into the mirror. The image of a
beautiful princess made real to a little girl, and the heart racing thrill of
knowing she was *her* mother now.

He closed the door, more than a little embarrassed. If Lucius ever found out
he had seen his wife in her under clothes, he'd never see the light of day. He
looked at the door number. 2836621. He tried another door.

This one had Harry in it. It had to have been first year, he looked so tiny.
They were outside the castle with their fellow first years, Professor Grimms
barking at them not to mount their brooms. Snape had heard about this
incident, but couldn't help but linger as it played out before his eyes. He
watched as Grimms was called away, as everyone became aware of Weasley
riffling through Harry's bag, the insults, and the fight on the broomsticks.
In wasn't until the end of the little drama, when Grimms smacked Harry upside
the head with the journal, that Snape realized exactly what it was.

*What the bloody hell is *that* doing here?*

He didn't find out what happened to the journal, as Harry was pulled away and
the memory ended, but he made a mental note to find out where and how exactly
the boy had come across it. There was no way it could have come into his
possession by accident, or that he could have had it for long if he was still
alive and (relatively) sane.

It was an important discovery, but not the one he was there looking for. He
made a note of the door number, 4594532, and continued on his way. The walking
continued on for what seemed like hours, but time was ultimately meaningless
since to Hermione and Draco it wouldn't even be half a second, and his mental
body did not fatigue. It was merely an attribute to Hermione's rather
remarkable memory. Aside from the first two memories, most of what was stored
behind the doors were facts and foresights she had acquired over the years
Even Snape learned a thing or two when he bothered to pay attention.

Most of them he left untouched. The fractured memories were hidden behind some
of these doors somewhere in the corridor, and there would be some sort of sign
to let him know when something wasn't where it was suppose to be.

And it came in the form of door 6002 41, a simple blue house door with a
conspicuously absent 5th number. He opened it and instantly recognized the
memory as one he had altered himself. Hermione and Harry and the Weasley girl
conspired in the library over what had happened to the unfortunate Ms.
Sweetey. On the other side of the Library, Hermione and Viktor talked softly
about fairy folk and house elves. A memory overlapping a memory.

Knowing what to look for now, he watched the numbers of the doors as he
passed, looking for any with missing numbers. He found two others, ones of
Hermione when she still living with her muggle parents, but it was the fourth
door the yielded the first meaningful results.

Door 6666 66, a black door with silver fixtures. Snape recognized it as one
leading to Lucius' study. He opened it.

Larousse's funeral procession marched passed him, himself at the forefront,
marching up the hill with his fiance's body resting on the palate he held on
his shoulders. He could see Morgan on the other side of the palate, but the
other men helping him take her to her pyre, he didn't know and had never
bothered to meet. Behind him trailed Harry, looking absurdly young and pale in
his grief, Hermione and Draco standing on either side of him.

He forced himself to look away and not follow them to the top of the hill, and
watch as that wretched morning played itself out. He would indulge in
masochism *after* he found the memory that was hiding within this memory.

Looking around for anything out of place, he spotted a strange out cropping of
trees, still green and deeply shadowed even in the depth of winter. He headed
for it. The moment he entered the darkness of the forest, it shifted into the
dimness of Hogwart's history classroom. At the center, he could see Hermione
and Viktor arguing with each other.

He had found the right place. All he had to do was wait.

The wait wasn't long at all. Within seconds of his arrival, the door to the
classroom burst open, and a figure stepped through the door, flinging out a
stunning hex. Hermione was down in an instant, sent into unconsciousness by
the hex. The image dissolved around him but Snape had seen what he needed to.

He had seen Horace McGunny.

---

"He has a fever now and he's soaking wet. We have to stop for the night."

"Sylvia-"

"I'm not killing this boy in front of our children for you, Stephen."

"He's not dying-"

"Says you…" Harry muttered, not bothering to open his eyes. He wasn't getting
any better. In fact, the more time that passed the more he was convinced he
was dying. He could barely open his eyes, let alone move his body, and
breathing the hot, humid air was becoming increasingly difficult.

"… Fine, fine, whatever," Stephen snarled. This was followed by several sharp
turns that rolled Harry's already sensitive stomach and insured that he would
despise 'Stephen' for the rest of his probably very short life. They came to a
stop somewhere and Harry dozed off, until the door was opened and he fell out
of the car. Stephen caught him, and pulled him the rest of the way out.

It was more than a little alarming to find his legs wouldn't support his own
weight. He was half carried, half dragged into the hotel room and straight to
the bathroom, where he was set in the tub. It was blessedly cool and unmoving,
and he sighed in relief. He had to have drifted off again, because he was
woken by Sylvia, turning on the tub faucet. Cold water splashed his feet,
jolting him back into awareness.

"Easy now. I'm just going to cool you off and then put to you to bed," she
said.

"What's wrong with me?" he said, because he hadn't been this bad off that
morning. Not even after being blown up and climbing out a window.

"I think you have a concussion. The heat and physical exhaustion only worsened
things. Don't worry, you just need some rest to regain your strength."

The water was a touch too cold as it rose up around his legs, making him
shiver even as it eased the pain. She left him in his pants, but pulled off
his shirt, which he could see was now stained with sweat and blood. His
makeshift bandages were likewise discolored and filthy, and he did nothing to
protest as she started to unwind them.

"What happened to you?" she said, clearly surprised by the damage he had been
hiding. He gave her a wane smile. The water around him was starting to turn
pink.

"Aurors."

"Aurors did this to you?"

"Most of it. The cuts on my feet are all Voldemort though."

She looked perplexed by this, but didn't question. Taking a wash cloth, she
began to wipe him clean, and despite his embarrassment at being bathed like a
toddler, it felt too good for him to ask her to stop. Besides, his hands were
still tied and didn't think he could do much for himself at this point.

"Where's…Stephen…Sir… whatever?"

She glanced at him briefly, and then at his hands, then back at him.

"He's getting some supplies. Food. Maybe something to make you feel better.
There won't be any stops tomorrow. How do you feel?"

"Better. Why are you all doing this? What did Voldemort say he'd pay you?"

"Is that what Stephen told you? That it was for money?" she said, looking
disgusted. "He can be such an ass. He doesn't care about the money. The money
is just a means to an end. A way to get somewhere better than here."

"What's wrong with here? Isn't it your home?" he asked. He was starting to
shiver, but he didn't want to get out yet. After hours of feeling like he'd
melt in that damned oven of a car, this was pure heaven.

She shook her head. "Not any more. Not for many years now."

"Why, what happened?"

"I got bit by a werewolf," she said simply. She expected him to flinch, or to
somehow withdraw, but he didn't react at all. He seemed to have figured it out
already.

"Are people cruel to you, because you're a werewolf?"

It was the most absurd question she had ever heard. Where people cruel to her?
Of course they were cruel. They spit at her in the street, refused to serve
her at the grocers, didn't give back her change, accused her of stealing,
wouldn't acknowledge her mere existence, took their children to the other side
of the street, threw rotten food- She could tolerate it if it had just been
directed at her, but her heart shattered when her children were given the same
treatment. They were her angels, her babies… they deserved far better than
their stupid mother. They deserved what their father wanted to give them.

"They are."

"I'm sorry."

She looked at him squarely. This had to be the first time a wizard had ever
apologized to her, and ironically enough it was from someone who had a
legitimate reason to hate them.

"You say weird things."

He smiled weakly, but it slipped away, leaving him looking drawn and very
fragile. She wasn't what she had been expecting, all fierce eyes and assertive
confidence like he was in the papers. Fourteen, she remembered, he was still
only fourteen.

A bang at the door alerted to them to her husbands return. He walked in on
them, looked at her and then at him, his expression contemplative. He set a
plastic bag on the counter and addressed his wife.

"I'll take over from here. Go look after the kids." She looked at him
curiously, but did as he said. When she was gone, he turned to Harry. "You
better not be trying to sweet talk her."

Harrry gave him a baffled look, then snorted. "You caught me. My plans to run
off with your wife to Paris have been foiled."

"You are so lucky they were out of duct tape at the store."

There was Tylenol in the bag, which Harry was grateful enough for that he bit
back any witty remarks as Stephen dried him off, cleaned his wounds with
peroxide, and wrapped him up in real, clean bandages. The werewolf wasn't
gentle about it, but he wasn't intentionally rough either. As long as he sat
on the edge of the tub limply and didn't make direct eye contact, the alpha
didn't seem inclined to smack him around.

"Do you want anything to eat?" the man said at last, tying off the last of the
bandages.

"…Maybe later."

"Can you walk on your own now?"

Embarrassed, he made an attempt to stand. This time he was able to get to his
feet, although the position made his head pound. Carefully, he made a few
wobbly steps. Stephen watched him closely for signs of falling, but once he
was fairly certain he wouldn't, he handed him a towel.

"Take off your shorts and dry off. Then come out and lay down. You have five
minutes."

Harry did as he was told, and came out into the sleeping area with the towel
wrapped around his waist. Sylvia and the children were gathered around a
table, eating, while Stephen stood staring at the TV. There were two queen
sized beds, and Harry climbed into the nearest one. Finally feeling as if he
weren't going to die, he began to think of what he should do to escape.
Stunning and running, was about the only thing he could come up with, except
for the fact that running wasn't really possible at the moment.

"Shit."

Harry opened his eyes, not even realizing he had closed them, and turned to
Stephen.

"What is it?" Sylvia asked, coming over to look at the TV.

"Storms up north. Bad ones. They're suspending all water and air traffic."

"For how long?"

"They're not saying. The storm supposedly 'came out of nowhere'. I can think
of a few likely sources."

Harry could too. He wondered if the storms would hit land, and he'd find
himself walking out into one in the middle of the night. Did the Ministry know
where they were going? Or was it just another way to block off one of his
escape routes? Perhaps even Voldemort had sent it as a means to cover their
escape. Stephen didn't think so, but he seemed to be flying by the seat of his
pants anyway.

At some point, he drifted off again without realizing it, and when he opened
his eyes the room was dark and he could hear rain outside, arguing with the
droning air conditioner. He felt no compulsion to go outside, but he couldn't
think of what had just woken him.

"Go back to sleep," the Stephen growled from the other side of the bed.

*I could stun him now,* he thought sleepily. *I could stun him and his wife and just walk away. I feel stronger now.*

Deciding he had put it off too long already, he rolled over to do just that.
Stephen was just a vague shape in the darkness of the room, highlighted in the
fainted glow from behind the hotel curtains. He sat up and extended his hands
out to him.

"*Stup-*"

There was a crash of thunder and wood exploding, a blinding light and shouts
of surprise. Harry's first peculiar thought was that the door had been struck
by lightening. The second was that they were under attack. The children and
Sylvia screamed in surprise and fright, their bodies clearly visible now on
the second bed, huddled together, but then there were other shouts, not of
surprise but of command.

"Put your hands in the air and stay where you are!"

Wizards poured into the little hotel room, soaking wet and wands drawn. Some
of them had cast *Lumos*, which now lit the room in a harsh blue-white glow,
blinding its inhabitants. Harry felt the bed shift, then heard a snarl of
rage.

"*Stupefy*."

There was a thud, followed by Sylvia screaming again.

"Don't anybody move! Put your hands in the air and stay exactly where you
are!" another wizard shouted. They all did so, even Harry, whose bound hands
were now clearly visible.

"What the hell?" a spiky –haired wizard exclaimed, looking at Harry in
complete bewilderment. Now that everyone was still and not screaming, Harry
could see there were three wizards total, and they were dressed as Aurors.
They looked awfully young. "Who the hell are you?"

Harry blinked. They weren't here for him?

"Er… Heinrich Makowski?"

"Oh shit, that's Potter," another Auror with crooked nose said. The other two
looked at him and then at Harry, their eyes widening in surprise as they
finally recognized his face. Harry's estimation of them went down
considerably. They were all clearly rookies, but what were they doing here if
it wasn't to find him?

'Spiky's' expression hardened, and he walked over to Stephen, now sprawled
dazed on the floor, and kicked him in the chest. Hard. He grunted in pain and
the children let out shocked cries. Harry could only stare, stunned at the
pointless cruelty of it.

"What the hell, Canis? When did you graduate from mongrel to Death Eater lap
dog?" Another vicious kick to the kidneys.

"Stop! Please, stop!" Sylvia begged.

"Shut up, you stupid bitch!" the third Auror, the bulkiest of the lot,
snapped, seizing her by the hair and pulling her off the bed and away from her
terrified children, who cried and reached helpless for her. He tossed her into
a dresser, where she hit her head and slumped to the floor, blood running down
her face.

*What are you doing? Arrest them or stun them, what's the point of this bullying?* Harry marveled, horrified as he had been with Voldemort that day in the Forbidden Forest and his brutal interrogation of the centaur herd

Spiky approached him, and he instinctively flinched away, but the man made a
calming gesture and gently took his bound hands.

"It's alright, no one is going to hurt you. You poor kid, you're a mess. They
really worked you over, didn't they? *Excarcerous*!" The ropes fell away from
his wrists, freeing them. Harry stared at them, shocked, then at the Auror. He
thought the werewolves had hurt him, and not his buddies at the Ministry?

"You are one lucky guy, you know that?" he said, looking him over for any
other wounds. He eyed the crescent moon tattoo suspiciously, but didn't
examine it too closely. "Got a call from a concerned neighbor that these guys
had run off without notifying anyone, and we were dispatched to track them
down. The tracking spell on their car led us here. I thought they were just
trying to run off to the mountains, not run off with you. You okay? Where are
your clothes?"

Harry couldn't say anything. They had broken into the hotel just because
Stephen's family hadn't been at home? What were they going to do if they
hadn't found him there? Arrest them for being on vacation?

"Hey, kid, you alright?"

He blinked at the man, and finally managed, "What are you going to do to
them?"

"Don't worry, they're not ever going to be able to hurt you again."

"What do you mean?"

"Kidnapping, assault, conspiring with a hostile foreign government. As soon as
we get back to headquarters, they'll be scheduled for execution. You'll be
safe."

His heart sank into his stomach. He looked over towards the children still
huddled together on the bed, their tiny faces morphed into terror and grief,
choking back sobs. Oh god…

"The children…"

Now, the Auror seemed to sense something was wrong. Harry's expression wasn't
one of relief. If anything, he was looking increasingly distressed. He looked
to his comrades, who seemed to have sensed it too, but they were occupied with
guarding the werewolves.

"No."

"Harry? What is it?"

"Let them go…"

There was stirring on the floor, and 'Crooked Nose' lashed out with a sharp
kick to Slyvia's back, knocking her to the floor, on top of her husband. She
let out a cry of pain, and Noah scrambled for her.

"Mama, mama!"

"I said *don't move*!"

'Bulky' grabbed him by his neck, and shook him like a rag doll, ringing out
screams of pain. Harry was on his feet so fast, the Auror who was attending
him fell to the floor. He was so fast in fact, the Auror who had grabbed Noah
didn't even realize he had moved until Harry's foot smashed into his face.

"*Expelliarmus!*" The wand of Crooked Nose flew into his hand, and knocked the
man into the wall. With his newly acquired wand, he swept it towards Stephen.
"*Rennervate."*

The man was on his feet just as quickly as Harry had been, and he went
immediately for the first Auror who had been tending Harry, just beginning to
climb to his feet. Stephen's fist knocked him back into the ground, and he
didn't get back up.

The threat neutralized, the werewolf immediately searched out his pack. John
and Jane rushed into his arms, latching onto him as fiercely as they could,
sobbing against him. Noah was already with Sylvia, who had managed to sit up
again and was hugging him to her breast.

Harry watched them all and felt like crying himself. But he couldn't. He had
to get away. Again. On shaky legs, he climbed off the bed, just barely able to
find a path with everyone crowded around and unconscious bodies littering the
floor, and made his way to the bathroom. He could feel their eyes on him, but
he didn't look back. His clothes were hanging over the tub, and when he put
them on they were still a bit damp, but tolerable. He took two more Tylenol,
stared at his pale, hallow face in the mirror for a minute, and then wobbled
back out to the sleeping area.

Sylvia and the children were now back on the bed huddled together in a
comforting pile, while Stephen searched the Auror's for anything useful. He
noted that Sylvia had a wand, but Stephen didn't. Everyone turned to him as he
re-entered.

"You'll have to abandon your car when you leave," Harry said softly. "I left
the Tylenol by the sink, if you want any. Oh… and I want my stuff back."

---

A Schulich is a German form of wizarding money. The equivalent is about $50,
so the reward is about $75,000.

For those who don't know the 'Chunnel' (Channel Tunnel) is a subterranean rail
system under the English Channel between France and England.
