# Retaliation

Seibligg stood, staring out his office window as a small army of
construction workers began erecting a large stage in from of the
Department of Ministry Affairs, forcing pedestrians to crowd into narrow
section of stairs where Auror's waited, discretely checking random
passersby for dark magic. Tomorrow there would be the Ministry debate,
where he would meet Ivers for the first and likely last time,
face-to-face.

The thought of his political opponent irked him more than it should
have. Ivers was already out there amongst the crowds, ranting about
peace and reconciliation and whatever Mama's boy weaklings thought was
important. Stupid really. It didn't matter, he assured himself. The
German people were proud, and if Ivers thought he was going to get them
to compromise he would be greatly disappointed.

"You look worried," Oblitz stated, glowering at him from across the
room. He had refused Seibligg's command to sit, like he always did, and
forcing the minister into the unfamiliar position of looking *up* at
someone else. "You should be. You're going to lose this election, then
Ivers is going to throw you to the wolves in hopes of placating them."

"Shut up. What would a grunt like you know about politics? I won't lose.
I can't. The voters know exactly what will happen if they lose me. We've
made sure they know it."

Oblitz snorted. Seibligg was a bully, and like most bullies he was self
deluded into thinking people thought the same way he did, even if they
never admitted it. The voters were split at the moment, it could fall
either way, but Oblitz knew the pep rallies over the next few days would
be the deciding factor. Ivers was indeed an idiot, but he was a charming
and articulate idiot without in major blunders to his name. Seibligg
could turn on the charm himself, but after his years of well documented
tyranny, it would be a lot less believable and his provocation of
Britain had done nothing to endear people to him. His one true strength
in this battle was the fact that he had set up a situation where his
leaving office would leave the country vulnerable. Ivers was untested in
the field of war, and had already shown a propensity to shrink away from
rather than face it.

It wouldn't be enough. Seibligg had too many enemies acquired over his
career to think he would make it through the election on top.

Unless something happened of course. Another attack. Something to shake
up the masses. Oblitz had hoped for something just before the election,
but it seemed the Dark Lord was biding his time. He must have seen the
attack on the werewolves for what it was. Nothing more than poking a
sleeping tiger with a stick.

It seemed he would have to take matters into his own hands.

"As you say, Minister. I will see you tomorrow before the rally."

"I haven't dismissed you yet," the Minister warned. Oblitz ignored him
and left pretending he hadn't even heard him.

---

Snape leaned back in the Headmistress' chair, his appearance deceptively
calm. Inside, however, his mind was in chaos. He was now Headmaster of
Hogwarts in everything but name, a positioned he had lusted after since
he was a sixth year Prefect. So strange that this dream should come to
fruition as another seemed prepared to whither on the vine.

Except that dream wasn't quite dead yet. McGonagall had breathed some
more life into it. He was stuck now trying to decide whether he should
smother it once and for all or risk nurturing it with the high
probability of failure. His new position made his internal struggle seem
more pressing.

As mentor to Britain's 'prince' he had already received (and turned
down) several proposals for marriage to several pureblood women, and
with a highly influential position to be officially assigned by the next
school year his popularity was bound to make his list of potential wives
grow. Women who were *confirmed* fertile and with title and wealth he
could apply to his name, the newest *primer pater*[^102-1] to appear in
Britain since the war.

He would think about this, and his children, and his children's
children, and feel a spark of pride and contentment. It wasn't until he
started thinking about the present that he would get distracted by
thoughts of Ira. Ira would love being the wife of a Headmaster, he found
himself thinking. She'd keep house in Hogsmeade (which was quickly
growing in population and industry from a village to an actual town),
but would frequently be in the castle, making sure her husband wasn't
terrorizing the students too badly and that he actually ate what the
castles' house elves left him. In the evenings, after she had put their
children to bed, he would tell her about his day and she'd laugh at the
new way some troublemaker had found to aggravate him and she would tell
him what mischief his own children had gotten into. When the children
were old enough to mostly fend for themselves, she could take up a
teaching position at Hogwarts, Magical Theory perhaps or even Care of
Magical Creatures, and they…

Except there wouldn't be any children, because she couldn't have any.

*Probably* couldn't.

Which was why he should just let go altogether. Except that he had never
been very good at letting go. Lily… oh, Lily. His first love, and though
distance and silence had numbed that particular pain, thinking of her
still brought a dull throbbing ache to his soul. Then there was Vesper,
beautiful and darkly glittering Vesper, whose dream he carried on for
the both of them. Now Ira, the perfect mix of academic intelligence and
feminine warmth, clinging to dreams she could not fulfill.

Probably could not fulfill.

Snape let out a frustrated sigh and stalked out of the office. He wasn't
getting anything done, and he still had DA&D assignments to grade.
Making his way to the dungeons, he listened to the passing conversations
of students, a collective mix of inane prattle, frustrated rantings, and
juvenile attempts at political commentary. The last of these centering
primarily around Harry, which was hardly unexpected. The incident with
the werewolf girl was not going to fade from anyone's minds soon, and
with news of the werewolf colony massacre and Harry's own involvement
showing up in the paper daily, there was no shortage of fuel for
speculation and opinion on the matter. For once, Snape couldn't
criticize their rampant imaginations. It *was* pretty weird and
interesting and… worrisome. Snape *hated* werewolves.

Honestly, he couldn't understand Harry's affection for them, outside of
their connection with his godfather who was only a tentative connection
to his real father. It was possible that Snape himself knew the boy
better than anyone else, having been with him since his induction into
wizarding society and reluctant guardian for several years now, and in a
lot of ways Harry was an open book, but in others…

Thinking about the infuriating Gryffindor was always distracting, and if
there was anything Snape needed at the moment, it was a good
distraction. Entering the dungeons, he decided he would make his first
real concentrated effort on unraveling the paradox that was Harry. It
just so happened he had an unusual abundance of material to study from.
Hermione had brought his trunk down to him for safe keeping shortly
after the Gryffindor had left. Apparently, there was a history of other
Gryffindors tampering with Harry's things. Why his goddaughter thought
to lug the thing down to the dungeon's rather than to her own Head of
House he couldn't begin to guess. It wasn't as if he was the more
trustworthy of the two.

It took nearly twenty minutes to open Harry's trunk without setting off
the defenses. There were an impressive number of wards and charms
protecting it, but Snape had a reputation that was not about to be
undone by fifteen year old, no matter how precocious.

Inside was an adolescent's treasure trove of the mundane and the
magical. Clothes of course, and the usual hygiene materials, Quidditch
magazines and supplies, bundles of letters, a few of which Snape was
concerned to find he had never seen before. A fist sized stone of no
obvious purpose. A bezoar (that little thief!). School supplies and text
books. Three small vials of unlabeled potion (very suspicious). Several
unusual, if not exactly rare, magical objects; a reader's ring, an
UnSilencing Bell, a couple of wands (where had he gotten those?), a
tooth and claw necklace wrapped in leather, and a few other odds and
ends. Several disguises of questionable taste. A knife, with no magical
properties that he could detect. A sketchbook and several art supplies.

The sketchbook was revealing. Harry, despite his inability to retain a
girlfriend, obviously had a healthy attraction to women if the abundant
sketches of female students was anything to go by[^102-2]. There were several
portraits in fact of people Harry knew, including himself hunched over a
cauldron, and glowering at its contents as if they had somehow insulted
him. When had Harry done that, he wondered.

He continued his perusal through his ward's possessions, and nearly
keeled over when carding through the boy's pile of personal books and
came across Tom Riddle's journal. Merlin Almighty, he had *forgotten*
about that little monstrosity. He had glimpsed it in a memory once
before, but had soon been distracted by some life or death situation and
forgotten to investigate further. Stupid, stupid, stupid! He had to be
going senile to have let something like that slip his mind.

Except that the journal was dead. Whatever dark magic had clung to it
(he had seen Voldemort kill more than a few unwary witches and wizards
with it back in the day, and it was a slow and ugly descent into
sickness and insanity), was gone. In fact, any magic on it at all, was
completely gone. There were a few scribbles inside of it in Harry's
handwriting, some sort of attempt at communicating with the item, but
otherwise it was completely blank. Quite the mystery. Had Harry killed
it without even realizing it? Why did he have the journal in the first
place? He set it aside, intent on studying it further, and looked
through the other books.

An encyclopedia of Celtic Gods, which Snape copied a few sections from
that related to gods and goddesses he had heard Harry or Voldemort
mention before. A few books of ritual, self-defense, dueling, and charms
practicum. A large and rather out of place book on Centaurian Prophetic
practices, missing the first and probably a third volume of the
collection. He opened the book, suspecting it was being used hide
something, but was disappointed when it revealed nothing but text. He
scanned it idly, and figured out what it was after a minute.

A naming book of all things, based on the date and time one was born.
Curiously, he looked up his own birthday, January 9th, early morning.

*Sicsano. Born in the ElderYouth of the New Day of the New Month of the
New Year. Fated to a life of consistent change.*

Snape smirked at that. True enough. He opened the book to Harry's
birthday (one of the few he actually knew). He knew his Centaurian name
was Ghihalmelan already, from discussions he had with him immediately
after the incident with the dragon. He was, however, curious to see what
the book said Harry's life was fated to be like. *Fated to a life of
annoying Sicsano,* seemed a strong possibility.

Except the name wasn't where it was supposed to be. According to the
book Harry's name should have been Nuscain, Nuscani, or Nuscast
(depending on what time of the day he was born). The first of August.
But why would the centaurs lie? Or had they merely been mistaken?
Perhaps Harry had misheard. He scanned the page, and found Ghihalmelan a
short distance down from where it should have been.

*Ghihalmelan. Born as the Seventh Month dies. Fated to a life of
conflict against powerful forces.*

Snape threw the book across the room as if it had suddenly transfigured
into a cobra and bit him.

---

Ron was happy Harry was gone. No one would be surprised to hear this,
but they might be surprised about *why* he was happy his pseudo-nemesis
was gone. None of his reasons were personal. Harry was a complete
crackpot minus nonsensical babbling in his opinion, but he figured there
were reasons for that, the primary one being Voldemort (along with the
second, third, and fourth reason) and last one being childhood trauma
(Hermione had accidentally blurted out once that the guy had found his
parents with their heads blown off when he was eight, which earned a few
sympathy points even from Ron. But just a few. Less than a handful
really), so whatever grudge he had harbored against the other boy had
puttered out over the years into a healthy rivalry (healthy in that he
didn't plot his death outside of Dueling Club and DA&D).

No, the reason why Ron was happy that Harry was gone, was because
Hermione had a lot more free time to spend with him now that she wasn't
mothering Harry into doing his homework, eating right, and avoiding
man-eating dragons. He was more than pleased to have her all to himself
for the Halloween Ball, the Hogsmeade weekend, and any time they weren't
in class or officially working on the paper.

"It's awfully gloomy for this time of year," Hermione commented, as they
strolled beside the lake. They couldn't go far. New security regulations
were forcing them to remain within easy sight of the school's new
watchtower, but the weather wasn't good for a long walk anyway. The
skies were overcast, threatening yet another early snowfall, and a
biting wind was blowing in from the west.

"It's the dementors or so they say," Ron said, shrugging his shoulders.
"It's going to be a nasty winter. Lestrange will probably have us
raising yaks for coat liners next."

She couldn't help but smile at that. Lestrange was indeed keeping
everyone busy gathering supplies for the war effort or increasing the
protections around Hogwarts, and despite the grim reasons behind these
actions, it was becoming something of a running joke amongst the
students. Then her smile faded.

"Do you suppose the war will still be going on when we graduate?" she
asked, and Ron's initial instinct was to lie, but he thought better of
it. One of the things he liked about Hermione was that he didn't feel
the need to sugar coat things. She'd be insulted if he tried.

"I hope so."

"What? Why would you want…?"

"Well, it's not a noble reason," Ron admitted, shrugging. "I'm no
Gryffindor, after all, but you know this war… any war really… awful as
they are, they're also great opportunities for guys like me."

She frowned. "'Guys like you'?"

"Yeah, guys who've got talent but nothing to their name. This sort of
thing can make nobodies into somebodies, turn paupers into dukes, and
fools into heroes. Of course, even if this war is done with by the time
we graduate, there'll probably be another one soon enough. I'm going to
enlist either way. Bet I could make First Officer within a year if the
fighting's heavy enough."

"Ron, that's awful! You could be killed!" He felt genuinely pleased that
she looked so upset about that, but far from persuaded.

"Yeah, well. Nothing's free. Not even opportunity. I'll take my
chances."

She shook her head. It was stupid and selfish, but she had to give him
credit for being honest with her. Draco still treated her like a
well-read but fragile china doll, and Harry… oh, she wasn't even going
to get into all the issues she was having with Harry's self-sacrificing
protective streak.

"Come on, Warlord Ronald. Let's go back. You can help me fend off Trudy
Sabbat's attempts to usurp my throne. You have my permission to use
deadly force."

He laughed, and followed her back to the castle.

---

"You look very handsome," Voldemort commented, eying his young protégé
critically. The Beast Brigade (a name of questionable taste, but it
*was*the army) uniforms were cut in the same manner as the regular
troops, but they were pitch black and lined with grey fur atop the
shoulders. They gave an impression of a rather sinister mix of military
ruthlessness and bestial savagery. They suited Harry nicely;
particularly when the boy's intense green eyes were flaring angrily
through his fringe of dark hair.

Just like he was doing now, from the far end of the conference table,
hunched over a pile of forms.

"Although, the glasses lessen the impact. We really need to see about
fixing your eyes permanently. If they work so well during the full moon,
I see no reason why we couldn't make them work for the rest of the
time."

Lucius chuckled, taking a sip of his wine and throwing in a bit of
commentary of his own. "I don't know, I think the glasses add a…
*civilizing* touch to the whole ensemble. He's a *wizard* after all."

"I think the wand makes that clear enough, Malfoy," Harry said, his
piercing gaze sliding to the man, who had been subtly (subtly as a
Malfoy bothered to be anyway) insulting werewolves and Harry since his
arrival that morning. He was seriously considering biting the man just
to give him a good scare.

"That's *General* Malfoy to you, *Lieutenant*Potter."

And wasn't that just a delicious turn of events? Harold James Potter,
Britain's beloved prince, under his command? Alright, it was only a
technicality, and he would be hard pressed to *order* Potter to do
anything at the moment, but there was so much *potential* there and he
would be damned if he didn't take advantage of it.

"Now, now, Lucius, what is rank among friends?" Voldemort chided,
clearly amused by their little tiffs. A little 'sibling rivalry' wasn't
necessarily a bad thing. Neither could afford to be complacent.
Particularly Harry, who had a tendency to take walking away from a
conversation with dark wizards unscathed for granted (walking away
unscathed for everything else was practically a miracle).

Or at least, that was what Voldmort thought. Harry, in fact, knew he was
poking a sleeping dragon with his attitude, but frankly he was just so
*angry* right now. Since the Dark Lord had shown up last night, things
just seemed to worse and worse. He had to say his goodbyes to Luna his
morning, feeling both hollow and alone. He left without speaking to his
godfathers, and was starting to feel guilty about it, which just pissed
him off considering they hadn't even *apologized*. Ugh. Then he had
spent the morning following the werewolves through orientation, and
inspecting the facilities where they would all live, train, and sleep.
Harry wasn't entirely sure *what* he was supposed to be inspecting, but
as far as he could tell everything was clean, working, and devoid of
mind altering chemical and spells (he had in fact tested the beds for
memory spells just in case). Then he had been dragged off to be fitted
for his new uniform and fill out the paperwork for his rank and pay,
while the Dark Lord and Lucius hovered like creepy versions of the
Weasley twins, making inappropriate commentary and feeding off each
other's amusement.

"Don't you two have something better to do? Like, conquering Europe or
something?"

Voldmort smirked, and looked ready to say something witty and probably
mildly insulting, but then paused. His eyes widened. "I *knew* we forgot
something."

---

The weather was lousy for so early in November. A cold drizzle and hard
north was dampening the enthusiasm of the crowds at they gathered for
the main event before the polls opened at noon. Viktor didn't mind.
Durmstrang had forever set the standard for 'inclement weather', and
with his collar turned up and his hat pulled low it was fine as any
spring day.

He wove his way through the crowd, careful not to draw any attention to
his face. His own rallies (played out in the pub and bar districts) had
been a rousing success as best Viktor could estimate, and he was never
so grateful that he hadn't given up quidditch as he was now. Who knew an
athlete could hold that much sway over the opinion of the working man?
But now there was nothing left for him to do but sit back, watch, and
wait. The first and last debate between Ivers and Seibligg was due to
start any minute, and he had agree to watch for both Dumbledore (who
couldn't risk being recognized) and Tonks (who was busy securing an
escape route to Linz) even though he wanted nothing more than to go back
to his hotel room and sleep for a week.

"How much *longer,*Dad?" came the telltale whine of a child from behind
him. Viktor glanced over his shoulder at a young boy, no more than seven
or eight, looking bored and miserable with his mouth scrunched into a
full blown pout. He looked ridiculous. Viktor turned away quickly before
the kid noticed him laughing quietly into his hand.

"Just a few minutes, Martin. One day you're going to be telling your own
children about this," the boy's father promised.

"About what? I can't *see* anything down here! And it's cold!"

"I'll put you on my shoulders once it starts. And then I promise we'll
have some hot cider afterwards. Okay? Just be good, and pay attention?
It's very important and you're the only one I could count on to
understand. You're sisters aren't as grown up as you."

That seemed to placate the child, and Viktor shook his head. Had he been
that gullible at that age? More than likely. Some days he *still* felt
that gullible. His father had raised him on pride and Dumbledore
employed him on honor, but sometimes the dark reality of the world cam
crashing down on him and neither seemed to be enough.

"Ah, I think it's starting! Come on, Martin. Up you go!"

Viktor turned his attention to the platform, where both candidates and
their entourage of security, family, and aides were filing onto their
respective sides. Seibligg smiled and waved pleasantly, and Viktor
fought the distinct urge to throw something at him. Ivers smiled, but it
was ill suited to his solemn eyes. Viktor had only ever seen him in
photographs, and truth be told they didn't do the man justice. He was
rail thin and drawn, but he walked tall and purposefully. For all the
jeering about his pacifistic stance, the man looked strong enough to
throttle Seibligg with his bare hands.

An excited hum ran through the crowd. Little flags began to wave and
groups of people began to cheer, proclaiming their allegiances. Viktor
was having a hard time differentiating which side was the more popular
and inwardly cursed. He should have found a spot with a better vantage
point of the crowd.

"Welcome ladies and gentlemen to this historic event!" the announcer
greeted, and a loud cheer rose up.

And then another sound rose, wailing and screeching over the din of the
crowd like a banshee foreseeing catastrophe.

An alarm.

Aurors drew their wands, and immediately began pulling the candidates
from the platform and towards the safety of the Ministry offices. The
screech of the sirens was underlaid with the dull roar of confusion, and
Viktor could already feel the crowd beginning to panic. He wasn't
feeling too calm himself at the moment.

He had to get out of the crowd. He couldn't use his wand-

Heat, pressure, and a sound so impossibly loud it felt like punch to the
head.

He wasn't sure how long he was unconscious, probably only seconds, put
in those seconds the world had *changed.* There was screaming, fear and
pain, and pleas of help and the sound of an enormous fire. The air
reeked of burnt hair, smoke, blood. Viktor blinked, realizing his eyes
were still open, even though all he could was the black fog of smoke and
dust. It hovered just above him, threatening to descend and suffocate
him.

He tried to move, cautiously, wiggling his fingers first to make sure
they were still there. Slowly, he tried his arms, struggling a moment to
pull them free the weight of bodies resting on top of them.

"*Uunnn…*"

Was that him or someone else? He couldn't see, couldn't think, but he
could hear out of at least one ear and really wished he couldn't. People
were dying. Why was he just laying here?

He forced himself to sit up, and nearly vomited as a wave of dizziness
sent the world flying. Blood trickled down the side of his face. His
eardrum must have been punctured. He tried to stand, but couldn't keep
his balance on the uneven ground and fell to his knees. Just as well. He
couldn't see when he stood.

Others were starting to get up as well, those who could, but it only
made things worse. The people were panicked and tried to run, tripping
over the dead and injured, hurting themselves and others, blindly
groping for loved ones, for help, for a way out of the battle zone. The
fallen were being crushed, and Viktor scrambled for some place he
wouldn't be stamped on and crushed. Someone grabbed him, pulling him to
his feet, and he almost pitched over immediately but his would-be
rescuer held him firm.

"Quickly, before they come back," A young man, only a little older than
himself wheezed and dragged him through the blinding, suffocating haze.
"Into the Underground. Just follow the others. Here, someone take him!"

He was handed off to a man and a woman, who took each arm and lead him
into a steady stream of people. After a while the air cleared a little,
and he tried to speak again.

"What *ugh [^102-3]huck[^102-3]* w-what..?"

"The Brits, they finally did it. They attacked! My god there were
*children* in the crowd!"

*Martin*, Viktor thought, *That little boy was on his father's shoulders
when the explosion…explosions?... went off. He was higher up, more
vulnerable. Did he make it?*

Viktor found himself being taken down a flight of wide concrete stairs,
and the smoke cloud and chaos of the outside fell away to reveal
gleaming while tiles and fluorescent lighting.

"Where are…?"

"The Underground. The tunnels lead all over Berlin. Some of them lead
out into the subway system. We think they're sticking to the wizarding
area of the city, so it's the safest place to go."

"Muggles…"

"We'll figure something out…"

He was in no position to question it. He was in no position to do
anything at all. God dammit, he was a soldier! He should be out there
accessing the situation, fighting the bad guys, rescuing the trapped and
the injured! Not… not…

"Hang in there, kiddo. You're going to be alright."

It wasn't himself he was worried about.

---

1.I'm sure some of you forgot what '*primer pater'* means. In Latin, it
translates to 'first father', and it's a term used in wizarding society
to refer the first wizard to appear with a particular last name. This is
usually in relation to a long pureblood line, and is applied
retro-actively. Snape, however, is banking on the possibility of having
a strong pureblood line stretching out for generations.

are not the only thing Harry draws in his sketchbook, but they are the
only things he draws repeatedly.