# The Land to the West

Snape was awake when the knock came. He had just gotten done recording
the results of his latest experiments on the Body Tree whose fruit had
matured to that of two year old. The fruit had loosened from its fetal
position and now hung limply from a thick vine protruding from the top
of its spine. It was an eerie and disturbing experience to be in the
same room with it. However, he could now see that the thing did not
resemble Harry after all, though there were some cursory similarities.
The ears were different, so was the hair, the shape of the mouth, and
the eyes were dark when he had finally ventured to open an eyelid. It
didn't look like McGunny either.

It left him with more questions, hence the additional experiments, but
he didn't want to try to analyze his results until after he had some
sleep. Which was why he was particularly annoyed when the knock came at
half past one in the morning. He quickly tucked his papers in the secret
room with the Body Tree and closed the door, sealing it with magic then
went to deal with his unexpected guest. If someone had attempted Dark
Arts on another first year, he was going feed someone to the giant
squid.

Harry stood at the door, pale as death, his clothes wrinkled and untidy
in his hurry to dress. Snape's annoyance melted as he stared into his
wide green eyes, begging without words not to be turned away. With a
sigh, he moved aside to allow the boy into his chambers. Once he had
closed the door, the Gryffindor didn't waste any time.

"There's been an attack in Ireland. A village called Dunnan Hill. They…
they set it on fire."

Snape was stunned, but even stunned his mind raced with what he was
being told. Should he believe him? How did he know this? Who had done
the attack? When? Was it going on now? Should he contact Lucius or
Voldemort first? Why did that name sound familiar?

"Tell me what you know and how," he commanded, even as he turned from
Harry to search one of his many bookshelves.

"I... A messenger came to me tonight. Maybe half an hour ago? He said
the war had started, that Dunnan Hill had been attacked. It was quick.
They blew up a few things and set everything else on fire. They didn't
seem interested in the people specifically, but there are dead. Oh
Merlin, why would Germany attack them? They had absolutely nothing to do
with do anything."

"Yes," Snape agreed, "However, anyone who had anything to do with
anything is safely ensconced in the wards over Britain. Ireland was
never afforded the same protection. It would have started a war with the
Fairy Courts if we had even attempted it. Here we are… just as I
thought."

Snape pulled a thin book from his shelf and opened it.

"What is it?"

"A manual. Several years ago I was assigned to set up the keystones that
support the wards over Britain. Ireland doesn't have wards over itself,
but the Eastern side of the country does hold several keystones that
support the wards over Britain. Dunnan Hill houses one such keystone. It
was probably attacked in an attempt to take down the wards over
Britain."

The boy shuddered. Good. It was important that Harry understand the
seriousness of the situation.

"I'm going to find Lucius. He probably knows what is happening already,
but just in case…"

Snape hurried to the closet and pulled out his outer dueling robes. He
didn't have time for the entire uniform, but a little extra protection
might be in order. There was a very good chance that once he located
Lucius, he would be enlisted to follow him out into the field.

"I want to come too."

"I can't imagine why, yet I'm not surprised. You will go to bed and tell
no one what is happening until I return and tell you otherwise."

"But-"

"This is not a fieldtrip, Potter. You look ready to keel over just
hearing about it, do you really want to have to see it for yourself?"

Harry flinched and looked down. Snape suspected he was more than a
little relieved at being told to stay behind. Gryffindor bravery
demanded he act on the knowledge of the injustice he had been given, but
he was still child enough to accept adult authority when it was handed
down. Only when it was convenient, of course. There was Slytherin in his
blood, after all.

Nevertheless, Harry followed him to the castle portcullis, hoping for
answers that Snape didn't have. A pointed gesture sent the boy back
towards Gryffindor Tower (hopefully), and Snape continued on to the
stables.

Speed was essential tonight.

---

"What on earth happened to you?" Hermione blurted out, staring at the
rumpled and sleep deprived friend. It was not quite six in the morning,
and she wasn't expecting anyone to be up aside from herself, and
certainly not Harry. He near jumped out of his skin at the sound of her
voice, and she felt supremely lucky that he had apparently left his wand
on his chair along with his charms textbook and several pieces of
parchment. How long had he been up? Had he slept at all last night?

"Hermione," he said, but then couldn't seem to come up with anything to
say after that.

"What's happened?"

"Nothing," he lied, feebly. She glared at him, he looked away. She
softened a bit.

"Come on, Harry, what is it?"

He looked like he wanted to tell her, but simply shook his head. She
decided to let it go for now. If he couldn't tell her, there was no
point in making him feel bad about it. Instead, she took him down to the
Great Hall for breakfast, the house elves already used to accommodating
her unusually early hours.

She did her best to distract him from whatever was disturbing him,
giving him several cups of coffee and discussing classes and the details
in each others lives they had missed out on with their increasingly
differing schedules. It had been a long time since it had been just the
two of them, even longer since they had just talked and even with his
obvious distraction she was surprised how much she missed it.

"So are you and Ron together now?" Harry asked cautiously, after she had
asked him why Natalie was irked at him recently.

"W-what? Of course not! What are you talking about?"

"You've just been spending a lot of time with him is all."

A blush was flooding her face. "Don't be ridiculous, Harry. I haven't
spent any more time with him than usual. You're just imagining things."

Sensing he had struck a nerve, he grinned at her.

"Oh, really? Then what about-"

"Potter. Hermione."

Both Gryffindors jumped and turned to the nearest door as Snape strode
into the room. He too looked tired, and Hermione couldn't help but
notice he was wearing his battle robes. He did not appear hurt luckily,
but she thought this might be the reason Harry hadn't slept that night.
Had he been worried about her godfather?

Snape came in but it didn't seem he was interested in actually talking
to them. Instead, he stole Harry's coffee cup and refilled it with the
carafe that had been sitting between them. He drank the whole thing in
one swig and then poured himself another cupful.

"Professor," Harry started, "Is everything alright?"

The man snorted and took another sip of his coffee, more slowly this
time.

"You know very well it is not, Potter. If you'll excuse me, I have to
talk to the headmistress. There will be an announcement in your first
period class. You both may seek me out after classes have concluded, but
not before."

With that, he turned and left.

"What's happened, Harry?" This time it was a demand, her sympathy used
up the moment her godfather proved to have been in some possible danger.
Harry looked pained, but he did answer her.

"There's been an attack in Ireland last night. I don't know the details,
but Snape went to find Lucius to find out."

Her eyes widen. "Oh, my." Then she frowned. "When did he tell you this?
Why did he tell you in the first place?"

"Er… he didn't. *I* told *him*."

"Then who told you?"

"A little bird."

"Harry," she warned.

"Alright, a big bird. Seriously. Do you remember the raven from my
protection spell? It was one of those. Birds are often messengers for
gods, especially crows and ravens."

Harry had no idea if this was true or not, but it seemed likely. He
remembered ravens were the messengers of Odin, and auguries found
special significance in them. In either event, he didn't want to betray
Bobby by granting his presence significant in and of itself.

"Why would the gods bother telling you?"

Harry shrugged. "Professional courtesy?"

She rolled her eyes. She threw out another dozen questions or so, but it
quickly became clear that Harry had no answers to the important ones and
she quickly gave up. She did, however, make a list of questions in her
journalism notebook to ask later. This was national news, but it
wouldn't bet the first time such stories had found their way into the
school paper. Harry had been serving as a link between school and
national politics for years.

They lingered in the Great Hall for several hours, waiting for their
friends to make their way down to warn them of the upcoming
announcement. Draco had been particularly interested, his position in
Slytherin hierarchy bolstered by being the first to know and the most
ready to react. He had another, more personal reason to be interested,
as well.

"Father will be in the field," he said softly. "He loves battles even
more than politics. He used to talk to tell us stories about all the
battles he fought. It's the only time I've ever seen him passionate
about anything other than mother."

Harry wasn't sure what to say to him about that. He did not particularly
like Lucius, but then again he wasn't his father. If Draco felt anything
like he did worrying about Snape, who he didn't like 75% of the time, he
didn't envy the other boy in the slightest. The Malfoy heir didn't want
their sympathy, however, and went off to think of ways to take advantage
of his advanced knowledge.

Natalie hadn't had anything to say about it, but Harry could tell that
it bothered her, perhaps more than she was willing to make known. She
followed after Draco, and was soon followed by Ron who seemed to have
sensed something was afoot. The Weasley twins took it in stride, but
promised not to tell anyone. Ginny and Clyde were as upset as Harry, but
also promised not to say anything. First period wasn't long to wait, and
there was no point in panicking everyone else with Harry's lack of
information.

Harry didn't have the opportunity to hear the first period announcement
or the students reaction to it. Half and hour before the beginning of
class, Lestrange came down to the Great Hall with a small squadron of
Sentinels and pointed him out amidst the crowd.

"Mr. Potter," the leader of the group, a tall, middle aged man a scar
running down the left side of his face, greeted. "Lord Voldemort has
need of your presence. You are to accompany us at once."

Harry blinked, but nodded and got up to follow them. He kept expecting
Snape to show up at any moment and follow him, but the potions master
made no appearance, leaving his ward with more than a little separation
anxiety.

"What do I call you, sir?" he asked, as they put him on a horse. The
others rode broomsticks, but perhaps they were worried he would fly
ahead of them?

"I'm Lieutenant Seitler. We will be your escorts to Edinburgh."

Harry nodded. He had very little experience with horses, aside from the
one made dash to Hogwarts to stop Moody while he was still high on his
magical connection to Voldemort. It made the ride awkward and even a
little frightening, but he managed keep in his saddle. Luckily, he only
had to ride to Hogsmeade, where a secure floo had been set up. It was a
one way floo, and they merely had to step through it without saying a
word and still end up where they needed to go.

In this case, the Court of Agriculture, Scottish Division. It was
completely empty as they walked through the lobby, respendant in bronzed
trees with copper apples lining the walls and an enormous mural of
Scotland beneath his feet, delineating the various farms and their crop
type. This was not where they stayed, however. Seitler moved him through
a back door, his Sentinels going ahead of them to make sure everything
was safe, then surrounding him again as they moved the side alleys and
back roads of the Court District until they finally reached Brass Cult
headquarters.

Harry stared in wide-eyed fascination as they crossed the threshold of
the Headquarters' gates, feeling the protection magic dance over his
skin and saw a well organized chaos unfolding before him. Perfectly
straight columns of Culties stood at attention as their commanders
inspected them, while even higher ups started shouting their field
assignments, and behind them all ensigns ran in and out of doorways
carrying paperwork and equipment and horses, preparing to supply the
hundreds of soldiers with every conceivable necessity and few extras
just in case.

More than a few Culties turned to stare at him as he was herded towards
the administration offices, but Harry wasn't given the time to linger.
The moment the doors were closed, he was searched for any potentially
harmful objects and relieved of his wand. He felt another wave of
anxiety as Seitler pocketed the wand, and escorted him into Voldemort's
newest office.

The Dark Lord looked up, pausing in his dictation to a young colonel. He
pinned Harry with an assessing glare, then dismissed the subordinate.

"Tell me what you know."

"Dunnan Hill," Harry said immediately, knowing better than to try and
play ignorant. He wasn't protecting anyone in doing so. "It was attacked
last night. Snape suggested because of its keystone. The German Aurors
burned the town, but it didn't stick around."

Voldemort stared at him, assessing his answers and testing their truth.

"How did you find out about it?"

"A raven told me. I think it was one of Raecellos'. I made an offering
to him not long ago."

Voldemort's eyes narrowed.

"Does this raven have a name?"

Harry covered his nervousness with irritation. "I didn't think to ask. I
was more interested in the burning village."

The Dark Lord conceded his point and gestured for him to sit. Harry sat,
and waited to be told exactly why he had been dragged out here.

"Dunnan Hill wasn't the only village attacked last night, only the
first. We were unprepared for the first attack and too late to stop the
second in Timir. After Timir, we managed to alert the other villages
with keystones of possible attacks, and the villagers of Metlow managed
to defend themselves long enough for Lucius' men to arrive and drive
them off. The German aurors in Down were completely destroyed before any
real harm could be done. They gave up after that and retreated."

Harry swallowed thickly. There had been more than one attack? One
village was bad enough, but four?

"It's only the beginning," Voldemort said, "The Germans only managed to
take out two keystones in Ireland, but that won't stop them. We have
other keystones along the English and Scottish coast that are much more
vulnerable. The attack on the villages was only a piece of revenge,
their true goal is to destroy the wards over Britain and I suspect they
will accomplish it within a few days."

Harry's eyes widened. That meant all of Britain, as well as Ireland,
would be vulnerable to attack. What happened last night could repeat
itself a hundred times if they didn't do something. Voldemort smiled
grimly at him.

"I know what you're thinking and let me assure you I will not allow it
to come to pass. We are not so weak as to allow foreign invaders to
rampage across our lands. The wards were not intended to withstand a
long term assault, merely to limit international terrorism and provide
some forewarning to more serious attacks. They have done their job and
now my military will do theirs. Soon enough the Germans will be too busy
trying to protect themselves to worry about harassing our citizens."

Harry wasn't entirely convinced. Hell, he wasn't convinced at all.
Voldemort would take his revenge against Germany, he had no doubt, but
he didn't think that would make them any safer. In fact, it would
probably make things worse.

"What is it you want me to do now?" he asked, feeling an overwhelming
sense of fatigue that had nothing to do with his sleepless night.

"Nothing."

Harry gave a suspicious look. Voldemort smirked back, knowing his doubt
was well warranted. "I just want you to be aware of the situation. You
are a leader of sorts, among your peers. It is important that you have a
more thorough understanding of events than them so that you can make
informed decisions. It is also important that you understand the reasons
behind the extra security I will be placing around you and the castle,
and resign yourself to certain limitations for the time being."

The boy frowned, assessing this newest tidbit. "Limitations?"

"You have met Lieutenant Seitler already. He is head of the security
team in charge of guarding Hogsmeade and Hogwarts, and I have left him
special instructions regarding you."

"What? Why?"

Voldemort moved around from the desk and towards him, Harry
instinctively backed up further into his chair. Their last few meetings
had been friendly enough, if business-like, but he hadn't forgotten his
betrayal he knew the other man hadn't either. He didn't know how much
tolerance Voldemort still had with for his defiance.

The Dark Lord's cool hand touched his cheek, and Harry took a sharp
intake of breath at the familiar magic that pulsated against his skin,
hot and electric and almost oily. The older man stroked cheek and ran
through his hair in some semblance of affection, and Harry felt himself
practically melt into his chair. It was magic, but Harry couldn't figure
out what kind. It was vaguely reminiscent of the first Solstice Ritual
that had so irrevocably bound them together, and yet it was different.
Harry blinked.

It was Voldemort's soul, now complete and stronger than ever, reaching
out to touch his own but not quite able to connect without the
assistance of a divine sort. He stared up at the other man, confused and
humbled at once. He couldn't think of anything he had done to deserve
this sort of reconnection.

Voldemort's eyes were not soft, they were as hard and intent and
possessive as always, but they were mixed with a previously absent
anxiety. Finally, he answered Harry's question.

"I don't think you realize what a target you've made yourself. Your
rather impressive escape from the auror's and then Germany itself would
have been enough to put you on Seibligg's bad side, but your public
support of proposal 4-66 means your not only a traitor to Germany but
also an ally to werewolves, their chosen enemy. We needn't even
mentioned your continued association with myself, and your high public
appeal. As far as Germany is concerned you are their most important
civilian target. Your age and my possible manipulation of you won't be
enough to protect you if Seibligg decides it's not, and I believe he has
sufficient reason to hate you. You very nearly ended his career after
all."

The hand withdrew and Harry felt its absence as a sudden coldness
against face. He blinked and shook his head to clear it, refocusing on
Voldemort as he made his way back around his desk.

"Our people need you to be safe, Harry. You are a symbol, and they will
turn to you for strength during the war and in its aftermath. You will
obey Severus and Seitler's orders as you would my own. If you fail to do
this, it is me who will hand out your punishment. Have I made myself
clear?"

"Chrystal, my Lord," he said, admitting defeat. He did not like the
sound of these 'limitations', but at the same time he couldn't argue
with the man's logic. He was in danger (when wasn't he?), and if he
chose to ignore that he might put his friends in danger. He would make
an attempt towards obedience.

Within reason, of course.

---

Harry was only gone from the castle for about two hours, but by the time
he returned he may as well have been gone two months. The halls were
filled with loud voices, angry remarks and frightened suggestion and
mixed in amongst them the occasional sob as some grieved the dead and
their own uncertain futures. Several people came to him, hoping for
additional information from where ever he had disappeared to. He gave
them all that he had, but he was no soothsayer and could offer them
nothing about the future.

He spent the rest of the day unable to pay attention in class, and
easily got away with it because the rest of the student body was just as
bad. Voldemort had given Harry his initial report on the four attacks,
which were lacking in a lot of information, but gave the gist of the
situation. Dunnan Hill was utterly destroyed, the entire town burned to
cinders. Fifteen hundred people lived within the town itself were now
homeless, and an estimated two hundred dead and even more wounded. Timir
had faired better, but only just. The town was split by a small river,
and only one side had been attacked, but it took out the hospital and
the three schools, and at least seventy dead. Metlow had faired well
considering, loosing only a dozen or so businesses in the town proper
and a dozen or so killed by the initial attack. Five brass culties had
been killed upon arrival, but the some twenty dead aurors had made them
the victors in that particular skirmish. Lucius had been ready and
waiting in Down when the final attack came. The general had led a
counter attack the wiped the German forces out completely, suffering
only a few injured soldiers, some superficial damage to the town, and no
loss of civilian life. Harry felt a grim satisfaction in that, but it
did little to smother the depression he felt for the innocent victims
who had lost so much.

Less disturbing, but more personally annoying was Seitler's list of
'limitations'. He was officially off the Quidditch Team, the
vulnerability of flying in a dangerous sport surrounded by hundreds,
possibly thousands of observers was too great a risk. Likewise,
Hogsmeade weekends were canceled, but that was true for the entire
school. He mail was being monitored even more rigidly than before. The
biggest and most annoying limitation, however, was that the was not
permitted outside of the castle at all without an escort and that even
inside the castle he had to abide by a strict curfew. It didn't help
that he suspected Seitler's crew would be keeping an exceptionally close
eye on him. Additional security precautions would arise as the situation
dictated, but Harry didn't think it could get much worse short of
chaining him to his bed.

He had a feeling his new invisibility cloak might come in handy this
year.

A sheet of bright yellow paper inserted itself between his head and the
book he had been staring blankly at for the last ten minutes. He snapped
awake, looking up to see Natalie smirking down at him. He opened his
mouth to say something, but she made a shushing gesture with her finger,
reminding him that they were in a library, then pointed down at the
flyer.

Dunnan Hill Victim Relief Drive

He blinked and read it over. It was simple enough. It was looking for
volunteers to help make potions and transfigure supplies for the
villagers in Dunnan Hill and Timir. As an added bonus Slughorn and
McGonagall had agreed to let students skip class in order to help.

He looked up at Natalie and smiled, nodding. She smiled back and wrote
his name on the tablet she was carrying then moved off to someone else.
He looked over the flyer again. Perhaps this was what he needed,
something productive that helped to address the problems that had left
him so depressed. If he talked to Hermione, maybe there was a way that
he could get additional help to Ireland. He was supposedly a big
celebrity. It couldn't hurt to have a cause outside of helping
werewolves.

---

Tom couldn't help but chuckle as he read the paper, revealing Germany's
first act of retaliation against Britain for attacks it had not
committed. It was official. The war had started, and couldn't wait to
see how his elder counter part reacted. He looked up from his paper to
Katarina, dark and resplendent in the sunset orange taffeta and topaz
jewelry. She glowed like a flame, smiling at him with a warmth that
defied the chill of her body.

For a while he had feared he would be unable to win her over, but the
attacks on the German pigs had done wonders in his attempts to seduce
her. Giving something they wanted, something they forgot they even
wanted, was a tried and true method of persuasion he would not soon
forget. She admitted it had been centuries since she had hunted humans,
and then they had been weak muggles. Now she and her kindred had tasted
fresh blood, they felt the thrill of the hunt and longed to do it again.
They had been hiding and compromising with the wizarding community for
so long, to finally cast of the weight of their conditional bondage was
liberating and empowering. He promised her the opportunity to do it
again. War had all sorts of opportunity.

"Everything is going according to plan," he told her, folding his paper
and setting it aside.

Reclining in her chaise, she looked for all the world like a well
contented cat. But like any cat, she had her pride and would never allow
herself to be too agreeable.

"Yes, I'm quite impressed with how far you've managed to get us. Your
grandfather must be very proud. But I can't help but think things will
only get harder from here on out. They're going to figure out it was
eventually, especially if we continue to make a habit out of this."

"It doesn't matter. We have no official connection to Voldemort, making
Germany's little temper tantrum in Ireland an unprovoked act of
terrorism. They've gone too far to save themselves."

"Are you so certain your master will be the victor? Germany seems to be
ahead of Britain so far."

Tom snorted.

"A bunch of aurors against village of sleepy peasants? Hardly an
accurate judge of strength. Voldemort has his Sentinels as well as a
formal army at his beck and call, an already organized army that will
only swell when the public perceives the threat to their homeland.
Germany only has the aurors, a highly exclusive group that takes years
to properly train, and no formal army readily established. They will be
overwhelmed and destroyed, and lucky you, you get to help."

She couldn't help but smile at that. "I admit, I am enjoying myself.
It's been a long time since me or my children have hunted like this.
We've made so many compromises over the centuries, I hadn't realized how
much we had surrendered until it had been given back to us. It really is
a shame, what we've been reduced to."

Sensing her accommodating mood, he stood from his chair and approached
her, dropping to his knee he her hand, and kissed her signet ring. "My
lady, you may have been resigned, but you have never been reduced."

He looked up at her again, judging her reaction. She looked intrigued,
so he gently turned her hand and kissed her wrist. There was a
definitely stillness, of surprise perhaps? But she didn't pull away, so
kissed her again on the inside of her arm, then slowly trailed kisses up
her arm to her elbow then her shoulder. He did not hurry. He had seduced
a few vampires in his lifetime and knew they didn't share a mortal's
sense of urgency when it came to sex. To a vampire, foreplay was more
important than climax.

As he traveled ever higher, he gently nipped her collar bone and felt
her release a shuddery breath. She liked that, which meant she was going
to love this. He rose up, throwing his leg over her, but not forcing his
weight on her (if she sensed a power play he had no doubt she could send
him flying across the room), and leaned over her to bury his face into
her hair. She let out a gasp and arched underneath him. He inhaled
deeply, taking in her scent. Coconut, lilies, and blood. A delightfully
novel scent.

*Stop it, Tom! Get off her!*

He mentally snarled at Horace's protests, which radiated as a feral
growl into Katarina's ear, and she answered with seductive purr.

*This is*my*body! Go practice your perversions in your own damn body!*

Tom decided to just ignore the other boy, but he wasn't so easily
defeated. A sudden, pounding headache bloomed just behind his eyes. He
flinched and drew back. That sneaky little bastard! When did he learn
that trick?

*Ho, ho, ho… you thought you were the only one who could do it? This is
my body in case you've forgotten. I will be taking it back eventually.*

To emphasize his point, Horace let another wave of pain radiate through
his skull, causing him to grimace.

"What is it, Horace?" Katarina asked, looking confused and perhaps even
a little worried. He managed a weak smile at her.

"Voldemort," he lied, "Just sending his regards. Says we did marvelous
work and all. Hip hip hooray."

She blinked and then smiled. "So that's how you do communicate.
Telepathically. I take it its' not natural otherwise it wouldn't hurt
you. Poor dear."

He grimaced, this time from her endearment rather than his own pain
which was now settling back. Horace hovered in the back of his mind,
ready to raise another fit the moment he tried to continue where they
had left off, and just this once Tom decided it was best to yield to
defeat. He'd make Horace regret it later. Slowly, he climbed off
Katarina, kissing her hand again in a gesture of regret.

"I'm sorry, my Lady, but I'm afraid we will have to continue at another
time. I have to speak with him, and I'll be useless to you by the time
we're done."

She signed in disappointed but let him go. "If you must. Another time,
then."

He returned to his private bedroom, and glared at the mirror.

"Don't think you've won anything. I haven't even begun to play yet."

---

"How, precisely, did you manage to convince the Dark Lord to let you go
from veritable fortress to the middle of a war zone?" Natalie qurried
Harry as he sat across from her on the train. Hogwarts Express was
packed with people, but those few actually from Hogwarts had been given
their very own set of compartments towards the front. Harry had settled
in one of them with Natalie, Cedric, Ron, and Snape (when he could be
bothered to check on them). There about twenty other volunteers from
Hogwarts and some three hundred volunteers from across Britain crowded
into the train, which had been re-routed from London to a mile outside
Dunnan Hill. Harry wasn't exactly sure how they were going to get across
the North Sea, but that wasn't for him to figure out.

"Good publicity," Harry said, "And a lot of security."

In truth, it was a lot less honest than that. He's shamelessly
manipulated his way onto the train to Dunnan Hill, citing to the press,
who had been given access to the castle to report on the schools massive
effort to help their neighbors across the country, that he wanted
nothing more than to go to Ireland himself and let them know that they
had support of the entire nation behind them. Voldemort had written him
a scalding letter (literally, he had to go the nurses office to treat
his blistered fingertips) for putting him in the very awkward position
of sending Harry off to help the victims of the attack (which he had
been encouraging people to do ever since the attack occurred) and
protecting Harry (which was a lot harder to do traveling into completely
unprotected territory than it was in Hogwarts) from his trouble magnet
self. He had, however, been impressed with Harry's initiative, and
ultimately let him go with Snape, Seitler, several other Sentinels, and
a press black out that would not reveal his or anyone else's presence in
Dunnan Hill until after they left.

Ron let out an irritated snort, but didn't comment further. The youngest
Weasley son hadn't so much volunteered to go to Ireland as been paroled
there in order to get out of a rather nasty detention scrubbing out all
the castle toilets after slipping puking pills into a Angelina's tea cup
(he had been aiming for Fred's, but had miscalculated). Hermione had
summarily charged him with writing an article about the experience as
soon as he came back, after Narcissa refused to sign the parental
release form that would have let her or Draco go. They too were targets,
just like Harry, being the children of the high commander of Voldemort's
army.

Somewhere on the train, Seitler was running his own security check,
stepping on the toes of the security detail in charge of the train and
the volunteers, and completely unrepentant. Harry wasn't sure what to
make of the man, who didn't exactly hover but was always *there* in some
form or another.

"You know I've never been to Ireland," Natalie said offhandedly. "This
wasn't exactly how I pictured my first visit."

Ron glowered at her. "I doubt anyone pictured you doing anything so
altruistic. You lose a bet or something?"

Harry bit his tongue to keep from laughing. He had been wondering the
same thing for a while. Natalie had practically run the entire charity
drive on her own, exercising her rather dubious popularity and
exploiting Harry and Hermione shamelessly for promotions purposes, all
for a cause she only seemed vaguely interested in. She sniffed at Ron.

"No, I did not lose a bet. As if I would bother with something so
plebian. Lestrange enlisted me. She said she allow me to skip classes
and give me a hand written letter of recommendation. Do you know what
letter of recommendation from the Headmistress of Hogwarts, is worth?
Forget the NEWTs, I've practically got a free pass straight to Oxford."

Cedric managed a rather weak smile at that. "Lucky you."

They talked for a bit longer, but inevitably the conversation faded
away. Ron was not really their friend and Cedric was the odd man out
while Natalie was unwilling to share her thoughts with Harry while in
the other's company. Harry didn't mind the silence. As the train slipped
into a tunnel, cloaking the passenger cars in darkness, his thoughts
drifted to Dunnan Hill and Timir, to Germany, to Seibligg, Voldemort,
Dumbledore, and Viktor, to Bobby and Raecellos, Sirius and Remus, and
dozen other things that all seemed interconnected.

When they finally cleared the tunnel, nearly an hour later, Harry
realized they were Ireland. He felt a shiver run up his spine. The magic
here was different, impressing up on the very air a sense of liveliness
and danger generally reserved for the primeval forests and mountains.
Out the window, a patchwork of green and gold fields and blackish earth
rolled out into the distance, stitched together by ancient stone walls
older than Hogwarts. Further out he could see mountains and forest,
little more than hazy grey shades in the distance.

A knock made all of them jump, and Seitler pulled open the door and
stuck his head in.

"We arrive in fifteen minutes. Get ready."

A sudden wave of anxiety passed through the cabin. Voldemort had assured
the public that villages that had been attacked were now safe, each
guarded by a squadron of well trained soldiers, but the fact of the
matter was it was still a war zone and no one knew if the Germans make a
second pass. Even without the threat of another attack looming over
their heads, none of them had ever been to a decimated village and had
no idea what to expect. Had the dead all be removed or where they likely
to stumble across someone's mangled corpse? Were the citizens dealing
with their loss or were some turning violent in their grief and
frustration? How much could a bunch of school children do to help?

Their own vulnerability was reminded to them as they put on their
leather breastplates and gauntlets. It was a small bit of protection,
but one Snape had demanded before letting anyone board he train, along
with absolute obedience while in Dunnan Hill. Harry's own presence in
the village required a bit of extra camouflage, including a
notice-me-not charm and some additional charms on his hair to make him
blond and on his glasses to make his eyes blue.

The train began to slow and finally rolled to a screeching halt. From
their windows, Harry and his companions could make out the burnt out
skeleton of the village and even further away rows upon rows of gray
tents, people coming and going along clearly marked, glowing green
pathways.

"I wonder why everyone is sticking to the glowing parts," Harry
remarked.

"Maybe the Germans left booby traps, and those are the only parts they
know are safe," Cedric speculated.

Somehow, Harry didn't think that was the case. The train was gradually
unloaded, Sentinels and Culties first, followed by the adult volunteers
and their heavier equipment and then finally the Hogwarts students.
Snape led the way, taking them to the very back of the train and then
finally out into an open field. Once they were all outside, Snape lined
them up in row so that he could take roll of all of them and make sure
they were wearing their protective gear. While he was doing this, a
Sentinel, young but stern with brilliant red hair approached him and
said something no one could hear. Snape nodded at the man, who then
turned to the students.

"I'm Sentinel Callahan, welcome to Dunnan Hill," his greeted, his rich
Irish accent strangely muted. "Firstly, the villagers are grateful to
you for your assistance, which has been a comfort in a very difficult
time. That being said, there are certain precautions you will need to
take while here. The keystone, which used to support the wards that
protect England and Scotland from trespassing wizards and witches, also
support a second set of wards that protected the village from the native
fairies. This keystone was destroyed, leaving the village and the
surrounding homesteads vulnerable. Therefore, it is imperative that all
of you remain together in groups of three or more and never stray from
the designated walkways. As long as you can obey these simple rules, you
are perfectly safe."

With that being said, Callahan stepped aside to allow Snape to take over
again. The potions master glared at the students in warning.

"If you ignore Sentinel Callahan's advice you better hope the fairies
get to you before *I* do," he warned, and then lead them to the nearest
path towards the tent village. Despite the ominous threat and the less
than pleasant circumstances of their visit, the atmosphere in the camp
was surprisingly cheerful. Children played hide-in-seek between the rows
of tents while adults grouped together to eat or work on some project or
to talk, and the air smelled of campfire, roasting meats, and the sharp
chemical scents of construction materials. It had been four days since
the attack, the dead had been cremated, the injured had been healed or
taken to hospitals, and people too busy rebuilding their lives to fall
into despair. Their determination was further bolstered by the hundreds
of volunteers who had not only brought helping hands, but supplies and
expertise.

Most of the volunteers where specialists of some kind. Construction
workers and engineers to help rebuild the buildings, craftsmen to
replace furniture and finer details, seamstresses and tailors to refit
the villagers with their lost wardrobes, cooks to feed a small army,
healers to tend the sick and wounded, and many, many more. All of them
busy.

Callahan showed them their weekend homes, two large tents, one for the
girls and one for the boys, where they quickly stuffed their gear and
were then split into four groups of five. Predictably, Harry and his
group were stuck with Snape, who were assigned to handle the massive
vats of memoracrete, a sort of potion that to the untrained eye appeared
to be able to recreate a building out of nothing. It was hot, smelly
work keeping the vats hot and pliable, but it was also important and
Harry never once felt the urge to complain.

"Do you think they'll trying again," Harry asked, following behind Snape
as the man examined the large vats, each large enough to boil and entire
horse inside of it, for consistency. After looking at each one, the
potions master signaled held up a some of his fingers, indicating the
cups of sand Harry needed to add before moving to the next one. "The
Germans, I mean."

Snape didn't look up from his work, but he did answer. "Unlikely. There
is nothing here to attract their attention any longer, and they are too
well prepared to make the effort worth the risk. The engineers are
working to add protection charms into the foundations of the building.
This village will not so easily be destroyed again, and its people will
not be so oblivious to danger. This one is ready for pouring. Stay here.
I will go get one of the engineers. That goes for the rest of you too."

There were mutters of acknowledgement from across the street, where the
rest of Harry's group was tucked into the shade of a partially collapsed
wall, measuring out ingredients for the next vat of memoracrete. The man
left, leaving him to guard against the roving hordes of children running
around their ruined town turned playground.

"I'll be. I never fancied Voldemort letting his pet loose out here," a
deep, feminine voice said, and Harry spun around in alarm. There stood
an elderly witch, heavy set, the sleeves of her emerald robe rolled up
and large white apron designating her as a cook. Harry just stared at
her, wondering what she was even doing this far from camp. She glowered
at him, reminding him distinctly of Aunt Marge.

"Nothing to say?" she challenged.

"What would you have of me, ma'am?"

She continued to glower at him for a long moment, saying nothing, then
she seemed to deflate and what ever semblance she had to the much
detested Marge disappeared.

"Are you alright, ma'am?"

"No," she snapped. "Here I am, a woman of my age, about ready to start a
fight with a schoolboy. I've really sunk to a new low."

"Er… well, technically you didn't actually start a fight, so I think
you're alright, but is there a reason you're angry with me?"

"You're Harry Potter," she stated plainly. He tensed. It seemed his
disguise wasn't as good as he had hoped.

"Well, yes, but doesn't really explain why you're mad at me."

"No, I suppose it doesn't," she groused. "And I'm not mad at you. I'm
mad at your boss."

Harry tilted his head curiously. "Well, that makes a bit more sense.
Snape should be back any minute though, and you can take it up with him
personally."

"Heaven's sake, you're thick as a brick. I was talking about Voldemort."

For whatever reason, that made Harry smile a bit and her glower deepen
even further. "Don't look so smug. He'd have killed you just as quick as
he did my grandson. If you'd been born a day sooner, you'd been sharing
a grave somewhere."

Dread settled in his stomach, a ball of ice freezing his insides. In her
vague declaration, an ominous portent unfolded. What she mean by that?
Who had Voldemort killed and why did the day of his birth determine his
murder?

"Who-"

Before he could finish, a scream rang out, high and shrill and
terrified. The witch spun around, her wand drawn and headed in the
direction of the scream, but Harry was faster. He bolted past her and to
the outskirts of the far edge of the village. It didn't take long to
find the source of the screaming, which was now joined by the cries of
several children.

Harry spotted three children, ranging in age from seven to ten calling
for help and pointing out to the field. He followed their pointing
fingers until he saw someone being dragged through the grass, their
bright white and blue clothes flickering in and out of sight in the long
grass. The other children remained behind the softly glowing green, not
daring to go after their stolen friend.

Harry was not so cautious. Jumped the line without a second thought,
quickly gaining on them. As he drew closer, he could see the victim was
a girl, eight or nine years old, her bare arms streaked with mud and
blood as she clawed frantically at the ground. Drawing closer still, he
finally saw what had grabbed her, and very nearly bulked.

It was a giant salamander, and not the of the dragon variety. Slimy and
lizard like, it's enormous, shovel shaped head was clamped fiercely onto
the girl's ankle as it dragged her backwards to some as yet unseen lair.
Harry didn't dare send out a curse, at the speed they were going and the
poor angle of their bodies made the chances of him hitting the girl too
likely. He needed to get closer-

A suddenly weight tackled him to the ground knocking the breath out of
him, and for a second Harry thought he had been caught by a second giant
salamander but soon enough he could feel all too human hands pulling him
back to his feet. The ground he had gained was quickly lost, and the
girl's screams were starting to grow fainter.

"No!" he screamed, trying to break free. "Stop, she needs help! Help
her!"

"We can't! It's too late for her," Seitler shouted, dragging him back
towards the ruined village even as the monster dragged the girl to her
certain death.

"Let go, let go! I can still- *Expecto Patronum!*"

The force of the spell knocked them both to ground, the silvery ghost of
a stag leaping from Harry's wand. He tried to break free from Seitler to
follow it, but the Sentinel's hold on him hadn't slackened, and all he
could do was watch as his patronus chased after the girl, disappearing
over a hill. Seitler cursed and pulled him to his feet, pulling him back
towards the safety of the temporary wards as quickly as he could. Harry
didn't really fight him, but he refused to look away from where the girl
and his patronus had disappeared, listening and watching for any sign of
either.

By the time they were safely behind the wards, half the village had
arrived, to discover what had happened. Several of the village men and a
dozen Culties formed two hunting parties, wands and weapons drawn as
they raced past them to hunt the beast down. Harry watched helplessly,
knowing if his spell had failed they would not be quick enough to save
her.

"What the hell were you thinking?" Seitler snarled. "Chasing after a
fairy beast like that into a *hill*[^96-1]. And then setting off a spell of
that power! It'll attract every sprite and hag for *miles*."

Harry wasn't listening to him. He was listening for the girl's
screaming, for the men's shouting, for some sign that she was alive or
dead or just gone forever. At some point, Seitler's ranting was replaced
with by Snape's.

"Not even five minutes and you've managed to put yourself into a
potentially life-threatening situation, Potter. That must be a new
record," he drawled coolly, though Harry could hear the underlying
anger.

"Harry?! Are you alright, what happened?" He vaguely recognized
Natalie's voice, felt her slender hands on his hand and his cheek,
trying to draw his attention, but he couldn't look away from the distant
hill.

"She's just a little girl," Harry said softly, "She was so frightened."

"You're in shock, Potter," Snape said, and a moment later he felt
something poured into his mouth. He coughed, his gaze finally torn away
from the hill when he was forced to close his eyes as a burning
sensation caused his eyes to water. "Ugh."

A sudden cheer rose up from the crowd at the edge of the village, and
though Harry couldn't see clearly what was going on his heart swelled at
the sound.

"Is she?"

"She's pretty banged up, but she's okay," Natalie told him. "Now sit
down before you fall over, you damned fool."

Slowly, he did just that, dropping to his knees and then to his
backside, weak with relief. She was okay. His patronus had gotten to her
in time. Weaving between the crowd that was now moving past him, his
patronus reappeared, sniffed him curiously for a moment, then
disappeared back into his wand. There were several gasps from the crowd,
and only now did they realize the source of the spirit animal. It was
too spectacular a sight to be distracted by a simple notice-me-not
charm, and all too soon Harry was crowded around by villagers an
volunteers, shaking his hand, thumping his back, thanking, and even
hugging him.

It was all a blur to Harry, who had barely processed the fact that he
had done something heroic. Nearby Seitler looked like a museum curator
whose prized and extremely delicate manuscript was now being manhandled
by an overly curious mob. Eventually, he could take no more of it,
grabbed Harry, and made a run for it.

---

*"Hasta sangius!*"

Lucius smiled in grim satisfaction at the scream the signified his aim
had been true, and watched as the cloaked figure plummeted two hundred
feet to the rocky shoals below. All around him, his soldiers herded the
few remaining aurors into every tighter configurations, like dolphins
herding fish until they were ready to tear them apart. To the north, a
storm rolled, thunder and lightening making for a dramatic backdrop for
his second battle in a week.

As predicted, the Germans had decided against a second attack in Ireland
in favor of keystones on the less protected islands and islets along the
eastern and southern coasts off of England and Scotland. Lucius had
dementors released in the north, stirring up storms and fog the broom
bound aurors would not dare to breach, forcing them to chose targets in
the south where he and his men were waiting for them.

It was so easy it was almost disappointing.

A streak of fire shot towards him, but dodged it nimbly before sending
out a curse of his own at the quickly darting form of a young Auror who
had managed to slip out of the Culties net. The Auror dodged, and broke
off the attack in order to flee the squadron of soldiers that now
targeted her. Lucius contemplated joining them, but ultimately decided
to let his men have their sport. The battle was already won, as far as
he was concerned.

A warm tingle spread over his left arm, the Dark Mark squirming along
his skin. Lucius let himself enjoy it for a moment. It had been a long
time since its use. Peace time had made the necessity of the Dark Mark
wane as he had been bound to his office more often than not and easily
reached, but its familiar burn was a welcome reminder of the more
glorious days of his youth. He signaled to his second in command, who
was at his side in an instant.

"I am being summoned by our Lord. Finish up here and report back to
base. Allow the men some time to celebrate, but try to keep the whoring
to a minimum. There are likely to be reporters about."

"Yes, sir."

He apparated to their base of operation, an abandoned lighthouse that
allowed them a convenient and dry look out point, and a place to store
the special floo that took him straight to headquarters in London. The
soldiers all straightened and saluted, and he felt a his pride swell at
the blind and complete obedience. The military was a truly marvelous
thing, and he was fool for ever thinking otherwise.

Voldemort was observing the battle and its conclusion on an enormous map
that covered the entire back wall of the general's office. The Dark Lord
glanced over at his servant and offered him a rare, congratulatory
smile.

"You've done very well for yourself, Lucius."

"Thank you, my Lord."

They shared a glass of brandy together, basking in their own supremecy
as they watched the green dots swarming the red ones on the map, and
sharing a toast as the last red dot disappeared altogether.

"I don't know why, but I thought this would be a lot harder," Lucius
lamented.

"I wouldn't worry yourself, my friend. It's only the beginning. When
they start to become *truly* desperate, that's when things will start to
get interesting. You remember what the last war was like."

A bit of Lucius' amusement died. He did indeed remember. There was much
to be said about that period in his life, and not all of it good.
Narcissa had nearly been killed while pregnant with Draco during a
Ministry raid after the minister finally acknowledged the truth of
Lucius' treachery, and Rudolphus, one of his best friends, was poisoned
at a bar while celebrating a victory and Regulus Black had simply
disappeared without a trace. He, himself, had nearly died several times,
and not one of them particularly dignified.

Voldemort continued, pulling him out of his dark thoughts.

"Lucius, now that you've thoroughly trounced Seibligg's pathetic army, I
want you to go back out and destroy the wards off Kent and Suffolk. It
should be enough to take down the protection over the southern half of
England."

Lucius blinked at him. "My Lord…I'm not sure I understand? You want me
to intentionally weaken England's defenses?"

The Dark Lord nodded. "Yes. I have already gained sufficient revenge
against the aurors that attacked Ireland. Now I need a justifiable
excuse to attack Germany itself. Preventing them from attempting to
invade our now vulnerable homeland is sufficient cause. We will simply
tell the public that although we managed to defeat the German Aurors, we
were not quite quick enough to save the wards."

"That's… dastardly clever of you," the Malfoy patriarch acknowledged,
tipping an imaginary hat to him. He took a last sip of his drink and set
it down. "Ibest do it now before the men return to headquarters. If
you'll excuse me, my Lord."

Voldemort waved him off, turning his attention back to the map. In his
mind, he could see countless future battles dancing across the paper in
so many dots, green and red and eventually new colors as allies and
enemies joined the fray. Many of them would happen over the next few
years, others would not occur for decades even centuries. He had
millennium to build his kingdom, and he intended for it last well beyond
that. He lifted his glass to the map and all the imaginary and future
battles therein.

"Cheers."

---

Ceara Colm would not fall asleep until she saw the boy who had rescued
her and, more importantly, the silvery stag he summoned from his wand.
It took a lot of searching by the villagers and a bit of arguing with
the vulture-like teacher from Hogwarts and even more arguing with the
dour Sentinel, but eventually the village elder managed to bring him to
the Healer's tent.

He looked different from the last time she had seen him, his hair was
dark now and his eyes a brilliant green. Ceara could not for the life of
her believe that she had been rescued by a prince. No one had even
realized he was in the village until after the attack.

"Are you really, Harold Potter?"

He smiled down at her, and even with the glasses he looked handsome and
strong to her. Beside him, the stag he called his 'patronus' stood at
ease, casting a pale glow against him.

"I really am, but my friends call me Harry."

"Harry…" she said, smiling until her mouth opened in an enormous yawn.

"You should sleep. You've had a hard day."

She shook her head. "I'm afraid. I close my eyes an' I keep think'n I
hear it coming for me… Mum's in the hospital, and Da's gone to look
after her. Gran ain't strong enough to fight off the hill monsters no
more."

"Would it help if I stayed, at least until you fall asleep?"

She thought for a moment. "Maybe… maybe if it stays," she said, pointed
to the stag who sniffed her finger, causing her to giggle.

"Then we'll both stay, but you have to try to sleep, okay?"

She nodded and closed her eyes. Sleep did not come easy to her, even
with the comforting presence of a prince and his magic hart. Her ankle
still hurt despite the healing draughts, and the healing salves they'd
put over her cuts had dried and now itched against her already sensitive
skin. But she tried and as tired as she was she very nearly succeeded,
but the soft murmur of voices drew her back from the brink of dreams.

"It's time to go," came a rich, masculine voice.

"Just a few more minutes. I want to make sure she doesn't wake up
again."

"No, we're leaving now. There's been another attack on the wards over
Britain, this time off Suffolk."

"Was anyone hurt?"

"No, but the situation is serious enough that the Seitler wants all the
students back at Hogwarts. Your little romp this afternoon likely didn't
help matters."

"I'm not sorry."

"Which is exactly why you cannot be trusted to remain here," the man all
but snarled. There was a moment of silence.

"Fine, I'll come. I'll leave my Patronus behind. It should be enough if
she wakes up. She's more impressed with it, then me anyway."

"You can't maintain a spell of that level for an entire night over
hundreds of miles. You'll be dead by morning."

"You're such a cheerful fellow, Professor."

There was the sound of movement and the rustle of the tent flap, then
silence. Fearfully, she opened her eyes, expecting nothing but darkness.
Instead, the patronus still stood in the middle of the room, his ghostly
form standing guard over her. Tears welled up in her eyes and she
sniffed them back, a smile steeling across her face. It had been an
awful week. Everything she had ever known had gone up in smoke, and her
family was now scattered and she was alone. She'd never felt so much
hatred for anyone in her life, as she did for the Germans who had
attacked her home.

But other people had come. Good people. People with medicine and tents
and food and kind words. Strong people who had helped others feel
strong, kind people who reminded her they were not alone. Brave people,
like Harry, who proved the darkness didn't always win. She closed her
eyes tight and hugged her pillow, summoning up dreams of her parents
wrapping her in their arms and of a future where the monsters stayed in
their hills and village was more than just burnt up sticks and mortar.

---

[^96-1]: Hillsides are commonly the homes of fairies, particularly hollow
hills or hills with unusual shape or characteristics.
