# Rebellion

It didn't take long for Viktor to find shelter or round up a group of willing
resistance fighters. Or rather, they rounded him up. After three days of
raiding and unarming the civilian populous of Berlin, the Brass Culties had
settled into a routine of control and reconnaissance, leaving the disoriented
and frightened survivors to find shelter and sustenance for themselves. Many
of those survivors included college students from Lindt-Wilheim, who had found
places to hide in the pub districts and underground where even the local
Aurors were hard pressed to hunt them out. Viktor, like so many others, had
come out of his hiding place in the park in search of food, and been
recognized by a pair of young wizards and invited to stay with them.

There current pad was the burnt out shell of an Italian restaurant, another
victim of the Culties burning raid. The windows had been blown out from the
heat, and they didn't dare repair them lest they gave away that anyone was
staying there, which left the place bitterly cold. The basement, however, had
remained relatively undamaged, and with a working furnace and seemingly
endless supply of stored food, it was a treasure. The city was overburdened as
it was, with hundreds of stranded men and women from outside Berlin or the
unreachable residential area of the city now cut off from their homes, and
forced to rely on the kindness of strangers, the few untouched hotels and
inns, and their own wits for shelter.

Ernst and Jacob, the young wizards who had rescued Viktor, were from the
university but hadn't been there during the raids and managed to escape with
their wands in tact. They intended to keep them too, and use them against the
British invaders with extreme prejudice. Viktor was very pleased to hear this.
Within in three days, he had fortified their hideout and recruited six
additional resistance members, establishing himself as the young, but most
experienced, leader of the group and Secret Keeper to their new home.

Now all that needed to be done was to actually make use of those skills he had
acquired from Dumbledore. The first one being intelligence gathering.

It was nearly midnight, and their entire party had finally returned, not
daring the streets any longer with the curfew in affect. They knew if they
were spotted they would immediately be detained and possibly killed. They
gathered around in a circle, eating their daily ration and taking in the
warmth from the furnace, and waited for Viktor to speak.

Ernst and Jacob, the two university students, Ada, a librarian from the
National Wizarding Library of Berlin, Christiane, her 14-year old daughter,
Clemens, a mail clerk from the Ministry Department of Justice, Eleonore, a
journalist, plus Engel and Hagan, brothers and co-owners of a now destroyed
dueling and sporting supply store. Viktor had found them by chance, but
selected them specifically for their unique skill sets. Together, they all
knew the city like the back of their hands; the buildings, the people, the
ways things came together and what caused them to fall apart. Out of them,
only Engel and Hagan knew anything about fighting, but the rest could be
taught. They were eager enough to learn.

"What have you learned, Ernst?" Viktor started their meeting. The older boy
smiled ruefully.

"Nothing that will likely help us. The Culties set up a perimeter around the
wards. They got some sort of spell going on that you get a nasty shock if you
get too close."

"How close?"

"Twenty, maybe twenty-five feet? I don't know for sure, but it's pointless.
You can still see what's happening on the other side of the wall. There's a
lot of Auror's gathering there. I don't know why since they can't get in to
help us."

Viktor smiled, however. "No, this is good. If we can get close enough to the
border to be seen without the Culties noticing, we might be able to get
information on what's happening outside. See if they might have any plans to
take down the wards that we can help them with. Well done, Ernst."

The other boy looked a bit more cheerful to learn his day spent risking his
wand by wandering in the cold, gloomy streets wasn't for nothing. The Culties
were no longer tearing people out of their homes and businesses, but they were
routinely stopping people on the street and searching them. He could have left
his wand at the base, as Viktor suggested, but that wasn't something he was
yet willing to do.

Their leader turned to Ada, who was gently stroking Christiane's hair, as she
watched and listened in solemn silence. The girl hadn't spoken since they
arrived, traumatized as she was by what she had witnessed, but she willingly
followed her mother out into the city, perhaps hoping against hope to find the
father who had not returned.

"What's the status at the Minsitry?"

"They didn't destroy all the buildings, like we originally thought," Ada said.
"They spared six of them as far as I can tell. They're still raiding the Auror
Headquarters and training school, but once they're done they'll probably tear
them down. They kept the Department of Records, the Department of
Transportation, and the Department of Education standing, but no ones allowed
into any of them. I think they're using them as dormitories and bases of
operations. They're definitely using the Department of Education to store
their supplies. It was crawling with people. Lots of security too."

Viktor nodded. "I'll check it out tomorrow. If at all possible, I want to take
it out. The siege has a better chance of working if we can make the Culties as
desperate to get out as the Aurors are to get in."

Hagan chuckled darkly. "Then we can blow these mother-fu-"

Ada covered her daughter's ears and glared at the other man, who smiled
apologetically. The others chuckled. All but Clemens, who was staring blankly
at the glow coming from the furnace. He was the oldest of their group, a mere
fifty-eight or so, but out of all of them he was taking things the hardest. He
spoke little, smiled less, and thought on things no one could even begin to
guess at. Viktor had no intention of guessing.

"What's on your mind, Clemens?"

The older wizard didn't say anything for a moment, nor did he move, and Viktor
was just starting to think the man hadn't heard him when he finally spoke.

"It can't be allowed to happen again. Not here. Not ever," he said, without
looking at any of them. Without changing his expression at all.

"What can't be allowed to happen, old man?" Hagan sneered. He hadn't
understood Viktor's reasoning for taking in the scrawny little desk-jockey and
still didn't, and though he wouldn't express his displeasure to their leader
he saw no reason to hide his feelings from the man himself.

"The Wall. There can't be another Wall in Berlin. It's an abomination."

"What's he talking about?" Jacob asked, honestly confused.

"The Berlin Wall," Ada said, "You should know about it. It hasn't fallen
*that* long ago."

Jacob just shrugged, mirroring the attitude of several others. The Berlin Wall
was not a part of their culture. It had never touched the wizarding section of
the city, and even if it had it wouldn't have made much of a difference to a
society that traveled by floo, broom, and apparating. World War I and II were
significant to wizards only for the inconvenience of the temporary
isolationist policy against muggles that had arisen during the time. The
Berlin Wall was little more than an abstract lesson about the tragedy of being
a muggle to most wizards and witches.

Clemens, however, could not view it so blithely.

"I don't expect any of you to understand this," he said, finally turning to
face them. "You didn't have to grow up like I did. I was muggle-born. Magic
could no more solve anything than wishing could, and as a boy that wall was as
impenetrable as Avalon. God, you have no idea what it was like… how many
families were torn apart by that… *thing*. My grandmother died of cancer,
alone in some cesspit that passed for a hospital and was buried in a pauper's
grave by strangers. My wife didn't get to see her parents for nearly twenty
years. My eldest brother had a daughter and didn't even know it until she was
grown and had children of her own."

He closed his eyes, his expression beyond painful.

"God, *god*, don't let that happen here. I want to see my wife and children
again. I don't want to die here alone because we were so stupidly arrogant to
think we couldn't make the same mistakes as muggles."

They looked away from him, shamed to think he might be right, that they
themselves might have caused his suffering through their arrogance. That
somehow, this might all be their own fault. They all looked away except for
Viktor, the only one of them exonerated against the crime of indifference, who
stood and walked to Clemens, placing a comforting hand on his shoulder.

"You have my word," he said, "One way or another, that ward is going to come
down, but I need your help. I need you to be strong. I cannot do this on my
own."

Clemens opened his eyes, and looked up at him, his expression still painful.
They stared at each other for a long time.

"You are so young…"

Viktor, who had heard this often enough to be able to ignore it, just smiled.

"I am what ever is necessary. Can I count on you, my friend?"

The elder wizard stared at him for a moment longer, his stricken expression
relaxing. He seemed to find what he was looking for in the young wizards'
eyes, and finally nodded.

---

Harry was thankful to get out of History of Magic and away from Professor
Toure's less than subtle expressions of total adoration, but he wasn't sure
how he felt about spending that time with the less than adoring Dark Lord. At
least Snape wasn't there for once. The man had been pointedly ignoring him for
the last week, and he wasn't sure what would happen if the dour wizard were
*forced* to notice him. Voldemort and Lucius Malfoy together was bad enough.
He didn't think his sanity would survive a Voldemort and Severus Snape
combination right now.

He didn't bother announcing himself as he stepped through the portrait and
into the Dark Lord's office. The man was at his desk, sorting through piles of
paperwork, just as Harry expected. There were three assistants there as well,
which was a little unexpected, but given how busy things must have been and
the fact that Voldemort had left the convenience of one of his Court offices,
perhaps it shouldn't have been. It did make Harry wonder why the Dark Lord
would chose to come to him rather than the other way around.

His uncertainty must have been obvious, because when the dark wizard looked up
from his work at him, he said, "Don't look so worried."

Which, coming from this man, didn't mean much to him.

"How are you settling back in to school?"

Harry could have gone on for an hour long lament of his Herculean struggles to
catch up on his course work or how he seemed to be stalked by at least half a
dozen people no matter where he went or that he really wanted Quidditch to be
re-opened, but somehow he doubted the man would find any of it particularly
interesting.

"Fine."

"Well, that's unfortunate," Voldemort said. "Since, I'm going to have to muck
it up again. I'll need you for at least in week in France before the end of
the month. I'm not entirely sure of the dates, so you'll need to be prepared
to leave on a moment's notice."

Harry could almost feel his blood pressure rising. For Merlin's sake, was he
*ever* going to get a break? Voldemort tried to look sympathetic, but just
came off as inappropriately amused. Harry found himself a seat and plopped
down into, trying to make himself comfortable.

"Please tell me you're not getting married to the Queen of France."

"Alas, no, although her Majesty is a part of the reason I need you. I am
hoping to recruit additional werewolves from the new colonies and install them
for training at some of our forts, as well as prepare the way for the Beast
Brigade. She and her Parliament are understandably concerned over the rapid
pace with which we are organizing ourselves within France's borders. I believe
your presence there will assuage their fears more so than my own. Plus I know
you like her."

Harry ignored the last statement.

"No offense, My Lord, but…well… *fuck you*."

The Dark Lord blinked at him. The aides all stopped breathing.

"I'm not entirely sure how I can take that without offense," he said finally
and without looking at the aides, gestured for them to leave the room. They
scurried out like rats escaping a burning building.

"Now then, would you care to elaborate or shall I just skip to the Cruciatus?"

Harry glared back at him, a challenge perhaps or just honest to gods anger. He
actually had the nerve to stand up and stalk *closer* to the Dark Lord.

"I spent three days in the middle of a bloody fortress with you and Malfoy
leading me around like a damn puppy, and in all that time you couldn't have
said, 'hey, Harry, by the way, we're going to invade Berlin'. You know,
perhaps the morning you were actually going to fucking *do it?*"

"We really need to work on this swearing habit you've developed."

"Or how about giving the men *you* hired *me* to look after, more than a god
damn week to actually *train* so they don't get themselves blow to shit in the
first five minutes of battle?! *God fucking dammit!* How am I suppose to get
fuck all done with you throwing this at me in the last possible second?! Or is
that the point? Just keep throwing shit at me so I'm running around like a
headless chicken and don't know what the hell is going on, so I have to rely
on you to tell me what to do and what to think!"

*I hadn't thought I was being that obvious*, Voldemort thought unhappily, but Harry was still in full rant mode and plowed on before he could interject.

"And what the hell are you thinking invading Berlin? What possible good could
come of that? You've just validated their paranoia! And for what? What? A
sliver of land we won't even be able to keep? A couple hundred dead witches
and wizards on both sides? I mean, what the bloody-"

Fast as snake, the Dark Lord leaped from his chair, and Harry jumped back just
as quickly, but the man caught his wrist before he could truly escape. His
right was still free, however, and a flick of his wrist brought it to hand.

"*Expell-"*

Voldemort jerked him around roughly, unbalancing him enough to undo the
spellwork and twisting his arm behind his back. Harry let out a pained cry,
but it was smothered by the hand that came to tighten around his exposed
throat.

The silence that followed was eerie in its displacement. No curses, no shouts
or screams, no threats or taunts, nor shattering glass and wood. None of the
noise and chaos Harry had come to associate with fighting. It was just him and
Voldemort, wrapped around him like the snake that was his totem, squeezing the
air out of him.

"*You seem a little tense,*" the Dark Lord hissed softly in Parseltongue,
furthering the snake allusion in Harry's panicking mind. The tone was soft,
but the grip told the truth of the man's anger, threatening to pull his arm
clean out of its socket if he didn't asphyxiate him first. *"Perhaps I can
help?"*

The hand at his throat loosened, enough for Harry to make a desperate gasp for
air before a new sensation stole it away again. It wasn't precisely pain and
it wasn't precisely pleasure, but rather a combination of both mixed with the
nauseating exhilaration of falling from a great height. The room spun, his
body became numb to all but the burning sensation of Voldemort's hand on his
throat, and his thoughts throbbed in time with his slowing heart beat.

He wasn't afraid. He knew he should have been. This was a killing hold, and
this man, if man you could call him, was a killer. Still, he wasn't. The
feeling wasn't entirely foreign. It was not unlike that day in garden during
the winter solstice, when he had briefly reached out to the earth and felt it
reach back. It was like that… only nothing was reaching back.

When his legs gave out, the Dark Lord released his arm, allowing him to fall
back against him rather than risk dislocating it. They sunk to the floor,
Voldemort to his knees, Harry on his back, staring up at him, stunned. The
dark wizard was not unaffected by whatever he had done to Harry, but seemed
positively radiant with power as he leaned over the boy. His grin, however,
was as dark and disturbing as ever.

"Feeling a bit more relaxed now?"

With the very last of his strength, Harry slung his arm up and over, slapping
him squarely across the face. Voldemort jerked in surprised, then threw back
his head and laughed. He withdrew his hand from his protégé's throat to comb
it through his sweat soaked hair.

"That's what I like about you, my defiant young friend. Always the fighting
spirit, no matter who, no matter why." He chuckled, and Harry had to close his
eyes. The sound made him feel dizzy. "Look at you, fighting me, even now, and
why? Did you not fight an entire country to be by my side but a few months
ago? Was it not you who swore your vengeance against those who threatened your
pack and fellow countrymen? I have never doubted your loyalty, but where is
your faith? However capricious I have been, I have done all I have for reasons
beyond the fleeting passions of the moment. You, who are the culmination of
momentary passions and have set in motion the very fate you defy, have no
choice but to trust in my foresight. When you have a little foresight of your
own, perhaps then you can afford such displays of defiance, but until then…"

Harry opened his eyes again as he felt the man pull away. The Dark Lord was
moving towards the door. Was he just going to leave him there? He opened his
mouth to speak, to call him back, but nothing came out. Voldemort returned a
moment later with his aides following obediently behind him. He made a gesture
at as prone protégé.

"Mr. Potter is suffering from magical fatigue. Please escort him to the
infirmary and inform Professor Snape of his condition."

They scurried to obey, two of them carefully picking Harry up from ground and
wrapping his arms over their shoulders. They did it quickly and efficiently,
and he wondered for an instant how often they had to carry people out of the
Dark Lord's office. He turned to Voldemort to ask what he had done to him, but
he was alreadybeginning to figure it out for himself. The floating sensation
had eased, leaving him was a familiar, bone deep fatigue.

His magic was gone or at least severely depleted.*

Well, shit. He would have almost preferred a crucio. At least then it would
all be over and done with. It could take weeks to restore his magic.

"We will talk again when you are feeling more rested," Voldemort said,
magnanimously. In Parseltongue, he added, *"And if you can behave yourself,
perhaps I'll even give you back some of the magic you so carelessly fling
about."*

Harry cursed at him silently, but even in his head it sounded feeble. In
addition to his magic, the man had stolen most of his fight as well. Well,
bother. The man was right. He didn't have any foresight; otherwise he would
have known he wasn't going to walk away the victor of this fight. Merlin,
would he ever learn?

Ah, but he had learned just how fast the Dark Lord was.

He made a point of remembering it.

---

While Katarina and her brood hunted the city's alleys and basements for
sustenance, Tom hunted for information. He moved silently through the shadows,
alert but fearless, passing by small groups of soldiers every few minutes. He
stopped every time to study them as they passed, calculating the odds of
getting one of them alone, before moving on. In his head Horace was screaming
at him to go back to the vampire apartments and hide, before someone finally
noticed his black cloaked figure skulking about. Tom ignored him.

Nothing would be gained if he just sat around and waited. He needed to get out
of the city before Katarina figured out his rouse or anyone else discovered
him here. To do that, he needed information.

It wasn't until well after midnight that the soldiers thinned out enough for
him to risk taking any of them by surprise. He chose a pair of female Culties.
They had broken off from a larger group in order to take a leak without being
leered at by the men in their squardron. And of course, because they were
women, they were more concerned with watching out for peeping toms than
keeping an eye on each other.

He killed the first one with Neck-breaking Curse before she had managed to
undo the second clasp of her robe. Completely silent but for the soft 'snap',
easily mistaken for a breaking twig. The second went down with a simple body
bind, and he dragged her into one of the dozens of empty cellars.

"*Lumos buyo*," he muttered, sending out an orb of light once they were out of
sight of any possible observers. The cellar was empty, but also partially
flooded in places with half an inch of freezing water. He didn't bother trying
to avoid it as he dragged the woman to the center of the room and dropped her
onto her back.

He looked down at her. Her eyes were wide with terror, always satisfying to
see, but otherwise there was nothing noteworthy about her. Her nose was a
little too big to be attractive, her lips too thin, and none of it improved by
the overtly masculine lines of her military clothes and haircut. Her insignia
designated her a private, the lowest of recruits.

*What are you going to do? *Horace asked nervously.

"What do you think I'm going to do?" Tom said softly. Somehow, the woman's
eyes grew even wider.

*Don't! Let her go!*

Tom reached down to hold her head steady as he looked into her eyes.

"Yes, just like that," he crooned softly. "Keep them nice and wide.
*Legilimens.*"

*Stop!* There was a brief moment of pain as both Horace and the woman resisted him, but all too soon they both fell away, overwhelmed by the images that passed before them, the knowledge that came and went, chaotic and meaningless at first. A day collecting sea shells at the beach with her father when she was six, a fight with her best friend just before graduation, her first clumsy attempts at flirting during her freshman year with a boy in her History of Magic class, her favorite uncle's funeral. Slowly, they started to focus on her time as part of the Culties. The first day of basic, the overwhelming sorrow as her long wavy hair was cut and she said goodbye to all vestiges of femininity, her captain forgetting her name for the first three assignments in Walpole, meeting Donna Ravenwood, who would become her best friend when she was reassigned to a squad in Edinburgh, the first real fear since joining as she stepped out of the floo in a seedy little bar in Warsaw.

Warsaw, fearsome and alien, to a twenty year old girl who never expected to
leave her own village. She had laughed and grinned with Donna about all the
strapping young Polish men they would meet, but inside all she wanted was to
go home. She didn't sleep that night, wondering why she was in a dirty little
hotel in a country that were not technically friends with and what that meant.
The early morning debriefing…

Yes, that was what he wanted! How did they take Berlin? How did they activate
the wards? Where were the controls for them hidden?

Spies and traitors, yes, he had figured that was how they had found out where
everything was. They didn't explain who exactly, but Tom figured it was a
combination of bitter werewolves, French intelligence, and dark wizards
longing for the return of a leader of Grindelwald's stature.

The muggles had been informed that there was a fire in a part of the city
under construction. The local fire department was handling it. No need for
extra fire trucks or ambulances, it was all taken care of. Just keep people
out of the area. Who the bloody hell cared about muggles? He wanted to know
about the wards!

The Ministerial debate would be attacked first to draw attention from other
targets. Both candidates should be targeted, but she didn't get to be a part
of that operation. She had been waiting behind a cauldron factory for three
hours for the go ahead to start the raid on the university. Wards? She didn't
know about them. They were one of the targets after the attack on the debate.
No one she knew which one. That wasn't a part of her job.

Whose job was it?

It was a technical job, wasn't it? It had to be one of the officers handling
it. Who? She didn't know. She was just a grunt. She didn't hang out with the
higher ups.

Tom broke eye contact with her and shoved her away in disgust. Useless! She
knew nothing! Didn't want to know anything! She had barely made a splash
before he flung out his wand, snarling out a curse.

"*Opprimo!"*

The woman died quietly, namelessly, her internal organs all but liquefied. Tom
wasn't satisfied. Frustrated, he snarled out a half a dozen curses, pointless
rending the corpse into so much bloodied meat. When the worst of his anger had
dissipated he tore away her clothes and left them in the basement muck. When
or if anyone ever found her, they would assume her the victim of an angry
group of German wizards, and she would serve as a lesson of caution to other
female soldiers if nothing else.

He ascended from the cellar, scanning briefly for any potential threats, then
continued on his way. He would need to return to the apartments and clean
himself up before the vampires returned. It would be inconvenient for them to
smell the blood on him and start asking questions he wasn't prepared to
answer. There were reasons he had gone off alone, after all.

It wasn't until he was standing under the hot spray of the shower that he
realized Horace was being unusually quiet. Cautiously, he gave a mental knock,
but there was no reply. The boy was gone. Hiding? Perhaps.

Some people really had no stomach for this kind of thing.

---

Voldemort did, in fact, visit Harry again before he left. Unfortunately, the
boy was sound asleep. At a quarter to midnight, the Dark Lord decided that
wasn't unreasonable. The infirmary was dark, the only light from the half moon
streaming in through the window, and around him he could hear only the soft,
wheezy snores of sleeping children. He moved down the center of the room,
looking from bed to bed to find his protégé. He found him at the end of the
row. Books and parchment were piled onto a chair beside his bed, and a few
pieces had fallen and scattered across the floor. So the boy was trying to
keep up with his studies? Admittedly, that wasn't something the Dark Lord had
considered when he had been maneuvering him around his political chessboard.

If the size of the pile were any indication, it was clear he had his work cut
out for him. It would explain why Harry was so overtly aggravated with him,
when he had been much better behaved in Bristol even with Lucius provoking
him. He was over worked and under rested.

The Dark Lord mentally sighed, and walked around to the other side of the bed
so that he could stand beside Harry's head. He brushed away a lock of wild
hair, a source of endless amusement for him. The boy didn't even stir.

*I suppose,* he thought wryly. *This might count as good behavior. By Harry's standards, in any event.*

He rested his hand on the boy's cheek, and cautiously, released Harry's magic.
It gravitated easily back to its original source, only too happy to return,
and he had to carefully adjust the flow else he risk actually hurting them
both. Harry did stir now, just a little, sighing softly and turning his head
into the Dark Lord's hand, seeking out the magic he had so recently been
deprived of.

*"Hhmm, you're making me soft. I should kill you, and do us both a mercy,"* Voldemort hissed softly in parseltongue. *"But what's the point of holding the world in your hand if there's no one worth showing it off to?"*

When most of Harry's magic was finally returned, he pulled his hand away.
There were no further signs of stirring, and if anything his protégé appeared
to sink deeper into dreams.

*"Sleep well, young prince. There are yet still more dragons for you to slay when you awake."*

He left as silently as he had come, and when his formidable presence had
finally vanished, Harry opened his eyes and stared up at the ceiling. He did
not close them again until dawn chased away the shadows.

---

I should never have accepted this case.

This was the conclusion Lestrange had drawn after weeks hunting through
London, scouring the McGunny's student and government records, and discreetly
(and sometimes indiscreetly) interrogating his family and known associates,
and finally drinking herself stupid in a seedy little dive in Knockturn Alley.
Perhaps he was dead, she thought, nursing the hangover in the non-discript
little inn in Daigon Alley. She might have gotten drunk in Knockturn, but her
self-esteem wasn't so low that she'd actually stoop to *sleeping* there.

There was a police report about some sort of attack in his apartment resulting
in emergency surgery. McGunny had given a statement about a burglar to an
investigating Sentinel, but had disappeared shortly there after before it
could be corroborated. Perhaps the statement was true, at least from McGunny's
understanding. Maybe what he truly believed was a burglar was in fact an
assassin sent by the former Minister to tidy up loose ends, and eventually
finished the job at the hospital. Maybe McGunny knew it was an assassin and
disappeared before anyone could try for his life again.

With the wards down over England, the little traitor could have escaped. If he
was in fact still alive. And that was a rather important matter she needed to
have clarified before she could take her investigation anywhere. The only
problem was there was no way to verify it unless a body turned up, and that
was highly unlikely.

Unless of course…

She smiled grimly to herself. She would have to go to Berlin. If McGunny truly
was Germany's spy they would have to have a record of him at the Ministry
there. The chances of finding that record were slim, especially after the
destruction of so many offices, but she had run out of leads.

If he was still alive and she found him, she made a mental note to make him
pay for all the aggravation he was causing her.

---

"McGonagall wants to see you."

Harry looked up from his essay on Gertrude the Gratuitous (a prominent
figurehead during the 13th century Hedonist Movement) at Fred (or was it
George? No, he was pretty sure it was Fred this time) standing over him with a
folded piece of parchment. Across the library table, Hermione's brow knitted
in concern. Harry couldn't recall doing anything recently that would warrant a
meeting with his head of house, unless he was now being called away to France.

That couldn't be right. It had only been two days since the Dark Lord's visit.

"Yeah, okay."

He stood up, and as he did so, he could feel everyone in his in the library
turn to watch him. He really wished they would stop that. Following Fred out
into the hall, he failed to question how McGonagall could have called him out
of his study hall when she herself should have been teaching a class. He also
failed to notice George Weasley coming up behind him until the older boy had
successfully grabbed hold of his wand arm.

"George!" Harry yelped in surprise. He didn't immediately panic until Fred
dropped back to grab his other arm, and they both turned him in the opposite
direction they had been heading, grinning like fools. Now he was trouble.
"What are you-"

"Don't fret, My Lord Chaos," George said cheerfully. "We're just kidnapping
you. You're overdue for it, you know."

That was not *nearly* as funny as they thought it was.

"We thought you could use a break from honest studying, and join us for a life
of crime… or at least a semester of crime," Fred continued.

"What?"

"Step into our office, and we'll explain everything."

"Is that supposed to be an incentive?"

The twins grinned, but didn't let go of him until they reached their 'office',
which was in fact 'Admiral' Lockhart's office. Harry could tell by all the
obnoxious pictures of him hanging on the wall.

"Er… what if Lockhart shows up?"

"We'll tell him we wanted advice on how to perform a lobotomy on one's self,"
George offered, then made himself at home behind the man's desk. He opened
various drawers, pulling out official looking documents and set them down.
Fred guided Harry to a chair in front of the desk, then returned to the door
to look out for spies (or possibly to block Harry's only route of escape).
"Now then, Harry, you don't mind if I call you Harry?"

"It hasn't stopped you from doing so for the last five years," he said
blandly.

"Yes, but that was social interaction. *This* is about business."

Harry pulled out his watch to check the time. He had twenty minutes until
arithmancy, and he was hoping to review his notes in case they had a pop quiz.

"Oi, we're being serious here mate!" George protested. "This is a serious
money making venture I want to discuss with you!"

"You do know I have a job? A legal one with a real paycheck and everything."

Fred chuckled form the doorway. "Yeah, I heard. Good on you, but for a guy in
your position, it doesn't hurt to have a little non-traceable funds on the
side in cases of emergency."

"Or if you want to buy a hooker," George suggested. "And we would be willing
to set you up."

"With a hooker?"

"You have a dirty mind, you know that? No, not a hooker, a backdoor account.
You see, we've got an in with a goblin bank in Belfast that specializes in
this sort of thing. It's no Gringott's, but as far as discretion goes it's
second to none."

Harry closed his eyes, not believing what he was about to say next.

"And what precisely *is* this little business venture?"

George grinned and leaned forward in his chair, adopting his salesman persona
once again.

"I'm glad you asked, Harry. You see Fred and I, we were just sitting around
the other day thinking, 'hey, you know what would be great about now? A game
of Wizer's Rent*', but of course, our last deck was confiscated Lestrange
banned them."

"You want to open a casino in Hogwarts?" Harry asked dubiously.

George blinked at him. "Well, I didn't, but that's not a bad idea."

Fred coughed into his hand, drawing him back to reality.

"Right then, we were just thinking how much we'd be willing to pay to get
those deck of cards. And then we started to think of all those other things
that got banned over the last couple of years because of the added security
and all."

"Exploding Snaps," the other twin said from the doorway, "two way mirrors,
radios, food that isn't pre-packaged, quick-quotes quills, broomsticks, just
about anything in Zonko's, pet mice… although that last one might be because
they keep escaping. You know, just a bunch of perfectly harmless stuff the
teachers are sick of dealing with. Normally, no body even pays attention to
the bans on those sorts of things, but since Hogsmeade weekends were canceled,
the only thing we've got left is post and the school can actually keep track
of that. Unless, of course, you know your way around it. Which we do. So our
thought was we'd start ourselves a little business, getting all the good
little girls and boys their special treats, for a price of course."

"Of course," Harry smirked. "You little fiends. You want to be black market
smugglers."

He couldn't help laughing, despite himself. It was such a Fred and George
thing to do. Harmless and clever and likely to cause someone in authority a
monstrous headache. "And what would you need me for?"

"Ah, see, we know how to mess with the mail to get things in, it's getting the
money *out *that's the problem. Something about money* really screws with the
system we've got going, and it all ends up getting diverted to the Sentinels,
and that's a group of wizards I don't want to be locked alone in a room with
ever again. *Yick.* We would need you to get the orders off the school grounds
so they could be shipped without the Sentinels knowing."

Harry snorted. "Yeah, because they never check *my *mail."

George grinned. "Oh, we've thought of that. Now your mail gets checked if you
send it by post, *but* what if you didn't send it that way?"

The youngest Gryffindor rolled his eyes. "Alright, how would I send it?"

"Portkey!"

"What?"

"All you have to do is put the orders and money in a box with a portkey
attacked to it, and once you step off the grounds, you can activate the
portkey and send the orders where they need to go."

"Alright, I'll hand it to you, that's all very clever, but why me? Why can't
you do it?"

The twins shared an exasperated look. "Mate, you're the only one who can
actually leave the grounds on even a semi-regular basis. You already told us
about visiting your godfathers at least once a month. And now you've got that
thing in France you're going to. Lately, it seems like you're gone more often
than not."

Harry mentally flinched at that particular truth. He sighed.

"And what would I get out of this?"

George grinned as if he had already won, and at this point he probably had.
"Well, free use of our very handy smuggling operation for one thing. I
seriously doubt you enjoy Snape proofreading your love sonnets to the lovely
Miss Luna."

"Hey!"

"Plus ten percent of the profits," he added. Harry glared at them.

"Thirty-three percent. Even three way split."

"We have a fourth partner on the outside who actually fills the orders."

"Then twenty-five percent."

George shook his head. "Harry, Harry, Harry… this is going to involve a lot of
work that you just don't have the time or the know-how to pull off. It
wouldn't be fair to split it evenly when you're essentially just walking out a
door."

Harry thought about it for a moment. "Twenty percent."

"Harry-"

"*Don't* 'Harry' me. This isn't just about effort, George. It's about risk. If
we get caught, and considering *Snape *is running things now that's a definite
possibility, then guess what? *I'm* the one who's really screwed over here.
You guys have what? Half a year left? Then you're gone. I've got two and half
years and I *live* with Snape. Not to mention if *Hermione* found out about
this. Twenty percent is *cheap*, especially since you already said you
couldn't actually pull this off without me."

George rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "You make an interesting point. You'll
have to excuse me for a moment while I confer with my associate over there."

The twins stepped out of the office for a minute, leaving Harry alone with the
gaggle of Lockhart portraits trying gamely (and failing miserably) to impress
him with their smiles and crisp looking uniforms. Honestly, what am I doing?
Harry wondered, but he already knew the answer. He was reclaiming a tiny
portion of his life. So much of it was already tied to the Dark Lord's plans,
plans Harry was no longer certain he wanted to be a part of.

*But what's the point of holding the world in your hand if there's no one worth showing it off to?*

Those words had stolen his sleep for the last two days, reminding Harry that
the Dark Lord great *and *terrible, and above all else he was a conqueror. He
would not stop with Berlin. He would take Germany, and then after that he
would take another country, possibly France, either through war or through
marriage, and then another country and then another. He would keep going until
he held the entire world in his grasp, and he would drag Harry along for the
ride, showing him all the terrors and glories a destiny that powerful
entailed.

And Harry couldn't stop it. He had already been swept up in it, trapped in the
momentum of history.

But he could stop this. If he wanted to. When he wanted to. He could start it
or stop it, build it up or tear it down. It was something he could control,
something that would be his. A small, desperate defiance.

He needed that if he wanted to hold onto his sanity. The herbs he was taking
weren't enough. They quelled the anxiety attacks that seemed to bubble up in
the quiet moments, when everything was still enough for him to realize what a
train-wreck his life was swiftly becoming, but they could do nothing about the
feeling of manic disorientation that dogged him.

Perhaps this wasn't enough to really save him either, but it was a first step
away from Voldemort's shadow and that had to count for something.

The door opened and the twins stepped back inside. Harry stood from his chair
and walked up to them. They were smiling. That was probably a good sign. Or a
really bad sign.

"You drive a hard bargain. We should have known you'd be quite the
negotiator," Fred said, looking quite proud of this fact. He held out his
hand. "You've got yourself a deal."

---

"Mr. Potter, if you can't be bothered to pay attention perhaps you would do us
all the courtesy of putting your wand away before you send someone to the
infirmary?" Snape hissed as the boy nearly exploded the armoire he was
supposed to be preparing for storing dark artifacts for the second time in
nearly ten minutes. It was a perfectly simple lesson, one the boy should have
been able to handle easily, but was struggling to absorb.

He shouldn't be surprised however. Harry had been in the hospital wing for
'magical exhaustion' after a visit from the Dark Lord, and though he had
returned to classes the next day, it seemed he was not truly recovered from
whatever had been done to him. His eyes were wringed and his movements
sluggish. Snape considered asking him about it, but then told himself if the
boy wanted his help he could very well come and ask for it himself. He had
enough going on with his current duties plus the 'Ira Project' as he had
mentally dubbed it, without chasing after Harry's demons.

Ira had an appointment for some tests that Saturday with Medi-witch Jacobi,
and though she had insisted she didn't want him there and the results wouldn't
be in until later that week, Snape had every intention of visiting her later
that day. It was a form of courtship, he told himself, for a relationship that
was entirely out of order. He didn't think you were suppose to try to knock up
a woman before the dating period was even over, let alone before you had
actually married her. He wondered if he should be worried about Morgan coming
after him in defense of his stepdaughter's honor.

"Mr. Weasley, keep your eyes on your work, not Mr. Potter's head. I assure you
that despite the ample storage space you might find there, it would *not* make
an appropriate receptacle for next week's assignment."

The youngest Weasley boy quickly turned away, his ears burning at having been
publically outed for glaring at Harry. Whatever tolerance he had developed for
the Griffindor had vanished, with Hermione's insistence to help her friend
catch up on his studies it seemed. His irritation with Harry, was only
irritating Hermione, who thus ignored Ron and continued to perpetuate cycle.

He rolled his eyes.

Good god, when was he going to get out of the classroom and all this teenage
melodrama?

---

A week after the invasion of Berlin, the university re-opened. Classes were
not officially opened, but students and faculty could now move about the
buildings and begin to re-organize. The military presence was thick, the
atmosphere tense, but the attempt at normalcy was welcomed by all. Viktor, in
particular, was pleased to be able to move around campus without instantly
coming under suspicion. People were still being stopped and searched for
wands, but it was a half-hearted search by an already bored security force,
and Viktor had gone through two of them already, more afraid of being
recognized than that they would find his wand in his boot.

There was no worth while target on the campus for Viktor or his small group of
rebels. There were a few security posts at each side of the campus that would
make easy targets, but they would only serve to make the Culties more alert
and brutal in their security measures and served to tactical advantage. His
rebels were getting antsy about their lack of action, but if Viktor had
learned anything from Dumbledore it was prudence.

The second thing he had learned was that once a path had been chosen is must
be followed until its end, without hesitation or regret.

So Viktor's decision to explore the campus was not one of idle curiosity or
ill considered actions. It just so happened that the university had a bell
tower that overlooked the Ministry Department of Education, now the largest
military supply depot in the entire city. He had spent two days straight in
the bell tower with a cheap little sneak-o-scope, a note pad, and what seemed
like gallons of hot apple cider, marking the movements of the soldiers in and
out of the area. The time spent there was for more than just intelligence
gathering. It provided him the time and the quiet he need to make a plan of
attack and his people the time to gather what they needed.

And now his plan was ready.

At a quarter to two in the morning, Viktor was once again hidden in the
shadows of the bell tower. He had left everything back at the base, bringing
only a broomstick and an owl. He stroked the bird's breast gently, watching
regretfully as it puffed and preened proudly under his attention. It was a
common Tawny owl, one of hundreds trapped within the city along with their
wizarding masters. Clemens had taken him from an abandoned owlry half a block
from where he had used to work.

"I am truly sorry about this," Viktor said softly, carefully tying a small
package to its leg. "It will be painless, I swear."

He moved to the edge of the tower, releasing the nameless owl to the darkness.
He could follow it for only a few seconds before it all but disappeared from
his sight. Its destination was already known, however, and Viktor turned his
gaze to the Department of Education. He didn't have to wait long.

The explosion rocked the tower, knocking him off his feet, and causing the
bells to swing in an atonal cacophony of ringing. Viktor covered his ears,
which did nothing to stop their vibrations from flowing through his entire
body, and waited for them to stop. It did not take long for their swinging to
lose momentum, and he climbed to his feet to see what damage his bomb had
done. Beneath him the ministry office burned, brighter than he had calculated,
so that he had to remain low to avoid being seen. Over half the building had
been destroyed by the initial explosion, and the rest now burned with massive
blue and green flames. The fire had spread already to a neighboring building,
empty as far as Viktor knew, but near enough to the Department of Records to
be a threat if it continued to spread. Soldiers were already beginning to
flood the area, little more than black ants to from his vantage point, for
which he was grateful.

The second explosion was off its mark, exploding harmlessly over an already
destroyed building nearly a block away from its intended target; the military
dormitories in the Department of Transportation. Viktor swore under his
breath. The soldiers were now alerted to the danger, and the third bomb was
intercepted with a series of sickening green lights he readily recognized as
the Killing Curse. He prayed the bomb would still go off and take out at least
a handful of the soldiers, but nothing happened. Dammit it all!

He spun away from the ledge. He couldn't afford to stay any longer. The
Culties would be all over the area in minutes, and if he were caught here he
would never escape. He wrapped his black cloack tighter around him, and
reached for his broom. His fingertips had barely touched it, when an ominous
chuckle froze him in his tracks.

"Oh my, what a *naughty* little boy you have been," a soft voice chided,
dripping with femininity and cruelty. He didn't move for a moment, honestly
stunned that someone had been able to sneak up on him, then burst into
movement, spinning around and flinging out his wand. A curse was on his lips,
but before he could utter it, the target moved, and he instinctively brought
up his arm to protect his exposed neck and head. The blow caught him squarely
on his lower left arm and the topside of his wrist, slicing through flesh and
bone, and smashing him to the ground.

"*Caedo!*" he shouted, catching his assailant as she made for a second strike.
She shrieked in pain and leaped away so that she now stood at the tower's
ledge and in the light from the fires below. She was not a Cultie, was
Viktor's first observation. She was not dressed in a uniform, but rather a
shimmering silver dress more appropriate for a cocktail party than a battle.

His second observation was that she was a vampire. He watched in fascination
as the normally fatal wound, cutting deep into her body, closed and healed
before his very eyes. She glowered at him.

"I *liked* this dress!" she snapped gesturing to the torn and blood-stained
garment. Viktor didn't even dignify her outrage with a comment.

"*Caedo!*"

She dodged this time, as he figured she would, giving him just enough time to
snatch up his broom with his one good arm and leap from the tower. He felt her
snatch at the tail end of his cloak, but it dissolved in her hands (as he had
spelled it to do in case of the all too common scenario that it got caught on
something while he was trying run away) and then he was falling. With expert
precision, he swung the broom between his legs and halted his descent with one
hand, keeping his injured one tucked close to his body, and sped away from the
tower as fast as he could.

Katarina watched him go, intrigued. It had been a long time since she had met
challenging prey. Tom would not be pleased to hear that one of her victims had
escaped. That is, if she bothered to tell him. Frankly, she didn't' see any
reason to do so, especially with him disappearing for long stretches of time
without explanation. She watched the dark shape flying away until it ducked
between a row of apartments and disappeared.

"Run, run, little boy, back to your mommy and daddy. We'll play again another
night."

---

Lucius made it a point to change out of his uniform before meeting his wife.
She respected the demands of his career and admitted freely that he looked
very good in it, but she also felt it was the most unromantic thing he could
possibly wear out to dinner. The last time he had done so their conversation
had resulted in nothing but 'yes, sir' and 'no, sir' from her and ending with
a mocking salute and the closest thing to a march someone could pull off in
three-inch heels. Narcissa could be quite artful when making a point.

"You should have seen him," Lucius chuckled, "He was so pissed off. I kept
expecting something to spontaneously combust. I heard from Dorian, you know
that little fop from the Nielt party?, I heard from him that Potter actually
had the nerve to say 'fuck you' to the Dark Lord's face when they met last
Wednesday."

Narcissa nearly gasped, but decided that would be a bit too plebian.

"Oh, my, what happened?"

Lucius couldn't stop grinning. "What do you think? They had to carry him to
the infirmary."

"She shook her head, but couldn't hide her own smile at his childishness.
"You're taking far too much pleasure out of that boy's pain."

"Nonsense. It's not his pain I find so amusing, it's his stupidity. 'Fuck
you', I mean honestly."

She chuckled behind her win glass. It *was *pretty damn funny. She wondered
what other nonsense those two got into together when no one was looking.
Hopefully, he wasn't teaching those troublemaking habits to her children.

Suddenly, her husband's smile vanished, and his eyes which had been riveted on
her all evening were now glaring darkly over her shoulder. She turned to see
what was wrong. Two uniforms, colonels by the looks of it, were standing in
the foyer of the restaurant having words (impatient, angry words by the looks
of it) with the maitre d', and staring pointedly at Lucius. She turned back to
her husband.

"Don't worry, Cissa, I'll take care of this," he said, kissing her cheek
before crossing to the other side of the restaurant to deal with the men who
had the presumption to disturb them. It didn't take long for the colonels to
pale and begin to stammer excuses, and for a moment Narcissa thought that
would be the end of it and they would leave, but then one of them said
something and Lucius stiffened. He turned his back on them and stalked back to
the table. She sighed internally when he didn't sit back down.

"I'm sorry, but the Dark Lord has called an emergency meeting. I have to go."

A monster temper tantrum was looming in the wings, but she'd let it out on the
house elves when she got home. As the right hand to the man who ruled Britain,
she understood she could never truly be his first priority, but why did his
job have to be the *only* priority?

"I'll make it up to you, I promise. Soon."

She let him kiss her cheek, wanting nothing more than to turn away and spite
him, but one thing neither of them needed was to end up the latest topic of
conversation in the national gossip rags.

"You better," she warned. He had the nerve to smirk at her, which meant he
already had an idea, and that placated her somewhat. If he *thought* he could
make this up to her, the chances were that he could. He was just that good.

Lucius left his wife at the restaurant to handle things there, and followed
the colonels back to the base, where the Dark Lord and the entire war cabinet
were waiting for him. Apparently, there had been some difficulty in finding
him, allowing for everyone else to slip in before him. He felt distinctly
unhappy about that, and the fact that he hadn't had time to change into his
uniform. Voldemort, at least, didn't seem to care.

"There's been an incident in Berlin," his master said without preamble. "We're
going to have to move up our time table."

Lucius frowned. They were already moving things forward at a ludicrous pace.
He wasn't sure how much faster things could go or why they should.

"What happened?"

"There's been an attack on some of the compounds within Berlin. It was well
organized and clever, but sloppily executed. Only one of the three targets was
actually destroyed, but unfortunately it was the main supply depot. What
should have been a six-month supply has been reduced to a two month supply, at
*most*."

Well, bother. Lucius nodded.

"If we're to hold Berlin,we'll have to change our plans and take Brandenburg
before Baden-Württemberg. Long enough to evacuate or troops at least."

Voldemort's crimson eyes narrowed. "I have no intention of surrendering
Berlin."

The general stiffened, but nodded, not entirely sure how they could possibly
take it and keep it with such frantic actions. The Dark Lord, however, did not
seem too concerned.

"Don't worry, my friend. They think they are ready for us, and right now that
may be the case. But soon, very soon, I'll have something truly *nasty* for
them. Something they will never see coming."

---

The summons came in the middle of night, without warning. One moment, Harry
was deep in an exhausted sleep, and the next Snape was shaking him awake.
Everything had already been packed and ready to go, except for Harry himself
who couldn't focus enough to put his shoe on the correct foot, let alone make
sense of what was happening. Eventually, with Snape's usual bedside manner, he
managed to get dressed and out of the castle without breaking his neck. The
cold revived him some, but also made him that much more cranky to be pulled
prematurely from his warm bed.

There were two trips by floo and an hour long car ride, during which his surly
disposition worsened. By the time he actually reached the werewolf colonies,
it was nearly two in the morning, and Sirius didn't look any happier to have
been dragged from his bed to meet him than Harry did. Snape said something
about having to leave for France the next day, but they pretty much ignored
him.

They're initial conversation involved a lot of grunting and nonsensical
sounds, and eventually ended with Harry crawling into Sirius and Remus' bed
with the half a dozen other werewolves* and falling back asleep with all his
clothes still on. He woke up the next morning momentarily terrified when he
couldn't figure out where he was. He sprung up with a gasp, the room an
indistinguishable blur.

"Calm down, pup," Sirius' said from the entrance of the lodge, his voice laced
with amusement. "It's home #2."

Harry squinted at him pointlessly for a moment, before hunting down his
glasses from their usual spot beside the now empty bed. He found them quickly
enough, and then curled back underneath the warmth of the blankets. He had
been warm enough snuggled in with the others last night, but without their
extra body heat he was not enjoying himself.

"Here, this should give you a little more spirit," his godfather said, handing
him a steaming mug of *something*. He sipped it tentatively. It was chocolate,
spices, and something he couldn't quite identify, but which peaked his
curiosity.

"It's good. Thanks," Harry said, looking up at the older man. They hadn't seen
each other in weeks, and then they had not parted on good terms. Harry had
been angry, was still angry in some ways, about how casually he had been
passed around between him and Voldemort without being consulted and the
careless destruction of his relationship with Luna. Still, Sirius was family.
Whatever his faults, Harry never doubted the other's love for him. "Where are
the others? Remus?"

Sirius shrugged. "Working while it's still light enough. The weather's been
unusually bad this time of year. We've had our hands full keeping on top of
it."

Harry flushed guiltily. Here he was lazing in bed while everyone else must
have been up at the crack of dawn. Sirius saw his discomfort and ruffled his
hair affectionately.

"Don't worry about it. You were obviously exhausted. You didn't even stir when
we all got up. Have you been getting enough sleep?"

Sleep was never the problem, Harry thought glumly. Most days it was a struggle
to stay awake. Left to his own devices he could sleep for nearly twelve hours,
and still enjoy the occasional catnap. He suspected it was the herbs, and had
stopped taking them for a while, but after the second day his fatigue had
given way to restlessness, headaches, and irritability and he started taking
them again, fearing yet another anxiety attack.

"It's just been a bit stressful," Harry said. "I'm really behind on my school
work, and then this thing with Berlin."

Sirius grinned, and sat down beside him on the bed. "Yeah, that's something
alright. I didn't know the old snake had it in him. That move took some
nerve."

Not exactly how Harry would describe it. He sighed and leaned against him,
taking reassurance from the confident alpha.

"He wants to move the werewolves into France immediately," Harry said softly.
"I don't like it. They can't have had the necessary training in that short a
time. Not for what I think he wants them for."

The humor drained from his godfather's face, and he stared solemnly down at
him.

"Don't worry about it. I've been in contact with Beartooth. If they had to be
integrated with the regular army, I might be worried, but they've been given
almost complete autonomy. They fight the werewolf way. They know how to do
that just fine."

"They'll be fighting armed wizards, not bears. There's a difference," Harry
said pointedly.

"A lot less of a difference than you think. Like I said, don't worry about it.
They all are proficient with weapons. Some of them even have wands. With the
Wolfsbane potion keeping their wits about them, even the full moon isn't so
great a vulnerability."

Harry wasn't convinced. The only fight he had seen between werewolves and
wizards had resulted in a lot of dead werewolves.

"I'm going to France today… I think that's what Snape said. I honestly don't
remember much of what he said last night."

"Hn. I doubt he said anything worth remembering," he replied dismissively,
then smirked. "Going to go flirt with the queen again?"

The young Gryffindor's ears burned at the reminder of the regal woman. He had
completely forgotten that he was going to have to actually *meet* with her
again, and try, try very very hard, not make a fool of himself.

"Er… no, I… I'm going to look at some of the forts along the border. You know,
do the inspector thingy. Maybe visit some of the colonies down there and do
some recruiting. *If* I'm convinced I'm not just sending them out to be
slaughtered, of course. Not that they have any reason to listen to me-"

Sirius grabbed his arm, cutting him off.

"Hold up a minute there, pup. What do you mean you're going to the forts? Why
would you need to go there?"

Ooohhh, it looked like the Dark Lord forgot to mention a few things, Harry
noted. His godfather looked anything but pleased about this latest turn of
events. Perhaps now was the time for a little revenge.

"Well, you know," Harry said innocently. "My *job*. The one you so generously
gave me. Have to follow the men out into the field every so often. Make sure
they're not being taken advantage of. I might swing by Poland while I'm on the
mainland, just to get a better view of the action."

Sirius opened his mouth, but Harry cut him off before he could speak.

"I'm going."

"No. This was a mistake. I should never have suggested you take on this
responsibility. You're fired."

Harry burst out laughing, startling his godfather. He startled himself for
that matter.

"Just like that? I don't think so. You gave me this responsibility, and I
accepted it. Who else are you going to get to do it? I'm the only one who has
feet planted in both wizarding *and* werewolf society. You *need* me to do
this, and we both know it."

"What I *need* is for my godson to be safe. If something happened to you…I'd
never…I couldn't… I didn't think you'd ever have to get that close to the
fighting."

Harry tactfully refrained from pointing out that he was always close to the
fighting. Danger and him were practically dating. He patted Sirius on the
shoulder, and climbed out of the bed, searching for his boots.

"Don't freak out yet. I'll be surrounded at all times by the men you've
expressed so much confidence in."

Sirius glowered at him. "You really enjoy rubbing it in, don't you?" Harry
just grinned.

"There is no point in arguing with him," a voice came from the doorway, and
they both turned to see Jane step inside, solemn and mysterious. She eyed
Harry critically for a moment, before turning back to Sirius. "He will leave
and he will return, regardless of what you say or do. He understands the
meaning of 'the greater good', something a Head Alpha would do well to learn."

*Hey, midget*, Harry nearly greeted, but caught it quickly before it escaped. It probably wasn't the best idea to provoke her. Especially since she'd decked him good during their last visit. Sirius, however, didn't bother hiding his eye roll, causing his godson to hide his smile by taking another drink from his cup. Jane might be the nine-year old, but Sirius was definitely the biggest brat in the room.

"Hn. 'Greater good?' Seems to me every time I've ever heard that phrase used
it was to justify the unjustifiable," the man said coolly. He stood and headed
for the door, but turned back to Harry before he left. "This conversation
isn't over."

The young Gryffindor watched him disappear, feeling exasperated and mildly
triumphant. He turned to Jane.

"You think he's gone to find rope to tie me up with?"

She shook her head. "He is going to find Slivermoon and whine to him, until he
agrees to come talk you into seeing things Blackbone's way. He is better at it
that Blackbone himself."

Yeah, that sounded like Remus. He shook his head and went back to hunting down
his boots.

"You are ill," Jane said, her bland expression never changing. He stiffened.
"You have been taking too much of the Du'on nadi."

He looked away. There was no point in denying it. Although, he thought it more
than a little hypocritical of her to criticize, seeing as she had been the one
to give him the leaves in the first place. She seemed to read his thoughts,
for her eyes narrowed very slightly.

"It is meant to be used in spiritual rituals, not as a recreational drug. What
you are doing is more than dangerous. It's blasphemy."

*So you *did* know what would happen when you gave me those leaves at the funeral*, he thought bitterly, but didn't say. He had no intention of getting into an argument with the goddess he no longer trusted. What would be the point? He might as well argue philosophy with a Martian. They lived on entirely different worlds, and could never truly understand what the other.

"Oh," he said, simply. "Sorry, I didn't know."

She just stared at him for a long time, and he wondered if she could interpret
what he was really saying when he himself didn't know. Was he going to stop
taking the herbs? He should. That much was obvious. How exactly he was going
to do that without going nuts was a different matter altogether.

~ Author's Notes~

Voldemort stole Harry's magic. Yes, he can do that. Most witches and wizards
are capable of it, but they can't use it themselves very often or at least not
very well. It's like trying to use a wand that isn't yours (with the exception
of course being when you've defeated the previous owner, which doesn't apply
with directly stealing other people's magic). If one does wish to steal or use
other people's magic, they usually do it through a variety of magical objects,
which can absorb and store magic. Keystones are like that, except they can
only be used by a single person (usually the owner) and are lest likely to
disrupt the magic while it's being stored. There are other ways of absorbing
and then converting another person's magic into ones own. Cannibalism for
instance, as well as various dark rituals. Stealing magic is taught to
Sentinels (and previously Aurors) as a means of disarming, but not widely
learned among the general population because it's dangerous and unlike most
spellwork it requires skin-to-skin contact. Not something witches and wizards
are particularly comfortable with.

Wizer's Rent is a wizarding card game, in which each player draws six cards.
The first player asks the person to their left "Do you have 'insert number'
galleons for 'insert number between one and the number of cards the person is
holding' rooms?" If the person has a combination of cards that add up to the
'rent' then those cards disappear from other player's hand. If the player to
the left doesn't have enough 'rent' or has too much, it goes to the next
player, and then the next, until there are no players left and then the
'renter' loses a card. For example a player asks the person next to them "Do
you have 13 galleons for two rooms?" and that person has a six and a seven
card, those two cards disappear from the other person's deck and end up in the
first player's deck. The object of the game is to be the only person left with
any cards. Don't ask me how I thought this up. It's just a complicated version
of 'Go Fish'.

If you're wondering about how the twins smuggle things into the castle but
can't get money out, it involves transfiguration which is nearly impossible to
do with wizarding money (it's spelled at the mint in a highly secretive
process to prevent it from being counterfeited or transfigured for purposes
other than currency). You can tell if money is counterfeit if you are able to
transfigure it into something else, otherwise the entire monetary system is
likely to collapse.

During the winter months, werewolves usually share their beds with several
members of their pack to share body heat and as a bonding experience. There's
nothing sexual about it.
