# The Lost Prince

As Horace McGunny stepped onto the Hogwarts Express for the last time, he felt
a guilty relief he thought murderers must feel when they get away with their
vile deed. For months, he had been convinced Snape had figured him out, and
was now toying with him as some sort of petty revenge before he sprang his
trap. Nothing had come of this paranoia but sleepless nights and Tom laughing
at him.

School was a mess. The teachers did their best to reign in the chaos Harry's
kidnapping and the sudden absence of nearly eighty students left, but they
were powerless to stop the rumors and indignation. It had taken less than a
week for the spread of 'Free Harry' merchandise to flood the school,
aggravating more than a few educators with obnoxious flashing buttons and ugly
themed parchment. McGunny suspected the Weasley twins, but his sources had
been unable to confirm. Two weeks later, the even more obnoxious and frankly
rather creepy 'Die Durmstrang Die' memorabilia hit the circuit and then things
got ugly. There had been more than a few fires that had to be put out as
students vented their frustration out on straw dummies in Durmstrang style
uniforms. He had figured out Matilda Chutterly's responsibility rather
quickly, but nothing had come of it. Lestrange refused to suspend her for
'patriotism' despite the teachers insistence that she was only aggravating the
students and risking school property for profiteering. McGunny wrote an
article on it. Lestrange made him tear it up.

Snape and McGonagall retaliated with dorm searches and crack downs on curfew
and detentions handed out left and right. Eventually they'd gotten things
under control, and Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff followed suite before they faced
similar punishments. Weasley wrote an article on it. Lestrange made him tear
it up.

Even with the sudden rise in censorship, McGunny had been busy. Incredibly
busy, not only tracking events in the school, which were numerous, but also
adding national news to the school editions, a necessity since much of it
related to the school and Harry to begin with. To add to that chaos, he had
his NEWTS and college applications and Snape's ever looming shadow to deal
with.

And Tom. He could never forget about Tom. The bastard wouldn't let him.

"That's not fair," came the familiar croon in his head, and he quickly threw
himself into an empty compartment and locked the door before anyone noticed.
"If it weren't for me, you never would have aced that Transfiguration exam.
You suck at it, Horace."

"If it weren't for you, my life wouldn't be utter shit right now and I would
have had the time and concentration to actually *learn* it on my own." he
muttered under his breath, then slumped into seat. "How much longer am I going
to have to deal with you?"

"Don't ask questions you already know the answers to."

McGunny did know the answer. As soon as Tom had a new body, they'd both be
free. Or at least Tom would be free. He was becoming increasingly suspicious
that he wasn't suppose to survive long enough to appreciate the spirit's
absence.

Finding a solution, however, was impossible. Any attempts to read up on
exorcisms or discover Tom's identity resulted in horrific migraines and memory
lapses. One such blackout ended with him standing atop the astronomy tower,
one step away from falling hundreds of feet to the courtyard below. The
warning had been clear. For all his threats of killing himself, McGunny
quickly learned it was pointless. The spirit would only find another body and
he would be dead.

He just had to wait for an opportunity, and hope he was quicker than Tom at
noticing it.

Slumping against his seat, he looked out the window as the other students
started to climb aboard. Seeing Diggory amongst the horde was a bit jarring,
as it had been for the last month that he had been seen wandering the schools.
The surgery to replace his damaged heart had been completed and he was now
completely healthy, but the months of non-awareness had their affects on him.
Under a magically induced coma, he had not been aware of Harry taking his
place in the tournament, nor of the betrayal of the Germans, and the events
that had lead to a declaration of war; and waking up to find his world on its
head had done nothing to help re-orient him. He was depressed and withdrawn,
and not nearly as cheerful as everyone had remembered. But that was true of
everyone these days. Well, Diggory had another year to get himself sorted out
back at Hogwarts, the tournament being canceled and his own missed course work
meant he would be repeating the year and take his final exams.

Granger had written an article on it, and submitted last second before
Lestrange caught wind of it. Her nerve and her foresight reassured him that
appointing her the new Editor and Chief had been a wise move. Tom ranting
about him being a blood traitor and a fool had left him feeling warm inside.

And there was Granger and the young Malfoy heir beside her, talking to Snape,
who was only half listening to them as he helped supervise the loading of
students. The man spotted the Weasley twins slipping things into people's
pockets while they were distracted, and a few deft flicks of his wand had the
entire contents of the boys' pockets emptied across the platform. It was a
rather embarrassing mix of candy, 'Free Harry' badges, half the inventory at
Zonko's Joke shop no doubt, and some poor girl's lacey knickers. The students
all burst out laughing, even Fred and George, much to Snape's annoyance, but
they weren't quite as happy when the potion's master vanished the entire
horde.

McGunny chuckled and heard Tom echo it in the back of his head.

Turning away from the window, he reached inside his pocket and pulled out a
large seed, similar to a pecan but for its deep purplish-red color. It was
*Corpus arborus*, the Body Tree, a very simplistic name for a very complicated
plant... animal.... thing. For over a month, he had watched with his
classmates as the fully mature tree had bloomed giant red flowers, into which
Professor Sprout had dispensed three drops of blood. By mid spring the flower
had wilted, but the 'fruit' ripened into Cedric's new, perfectly healthy
heart. It had been a monstrous and beautiful thing to watch.

It had been pure inspiration to Tom, who had realized its potential almost
immediately.

The research paper McGunny had turned in on the subject earned him top marks.
It had also earned him Tom's silence for two weeks as they poured over book
after book on the subject in the library. The nut had been made, as all Body
Tree seeds were, in a cauldron, during the new moon with items ordered from
different apothecary's across Britain and along the border of the Forbidden
Forest itself. It made him shiver to think about what he was doing.

"It's a marvelous idea," Tom said congenially, "You should be happy. No one
even has to get hurt or looses their body."

"Assuming you don't kill me the moment you have what you want..." McGunny
pointed out tiredly.

"I won't kill you if you don't give me a reason to. I like you, Horace. You're
a clever young man. If it weren't for the unfortunate incident that left me
bodiless, I think we would have gotten along quite well."

"I certainly hope not."

Tom just chuckled darkly, before fading away into the back of his mind. He
sighed heavily. When he had thought of graduation, and the newest chapter to
his life, this definitely wasn't what he had imagined for himself. He had
always sort of assumed he would be chasing stories, not becoming one himself.

---
---

Harry strode off the Durmstrang ship and onto pier 6 and 1/8 like a soldier
stepping onto a battlefield. Six months he had spent at Durmstrang Institute,
and four of them he had used in preparation for this moment, when he would
leave his uncertain sanctuary to face people and places he could only afford
to view as hostile.

The sky was clear and hot, and the breeze across the water was cool but
brought with it the stink of polluted water and dead fish. The pier had been
cleared to make room for the unloading of passengers and luggage, but at the
far end Harry could see crowds of people gathered. Some of them obviously
parents waiting for their children, but even more obvious were the reporters.
He could feel their eyes on him, like starved dogs eying a discarded bone,
barking out their questions before he was even close enough to hear what they
were saying.

He searched the crowd for any sign of his new guardian, but he couldn't find
him and frankly he doubted the old coyote would be elbowing and shoving his
way through the media circus. Harry certainly wasn't going to try it. So
rather than face the horde, he moved over to the piles of luggage and
retrieved his trunk, found a space out of the way and sat down on it to wait.

"See you next semester, Potter!" a fifth year boy said, coming up to offer him
a hearty whack to the back in typical quidditch beater fashion. Harry had
joined a quidditch team shortly after his meeting with Dumbledore, not because
he particularly wanted to play (although once he had started he couldn't
believe he'd ever lived without it), but primarily so he could make his
frustration known to Viktor in an innocuous and *physical* way.

"Thanks. Have fun this summer," Harry said politely. Several other boys
followed his lead and even a few girls said their 'goodbye's and 'good luck's
and 'see you this fall's, and he responded in the usual polite way. They
weren't really his friends, not like Hermione and Draco and the Weasleys were,
but they were alright. Once they realized he liked quidditch and therefore
wasn't a complete mutant, some had actually been pretty nice.

"Harry."

His eyes slid over to Viktor, and they stared at each other a long moment.
They hadn't spoken, *really* spoken since the encounter with Dumbledore, when
Harry had learned of Viktor's betrayal. The animosity was far from one-sided
though. The Bulgarian had his own bone to pick with him, and it revolved
around the loyalty he still held towards the Dark Lord who more than likely
wanted him dead. The older boy couldn't understand, and frankly didn't want to
any more than the Gryffindor wanted to understand his trust in Dumbledore or
the purpose of tricking Britain in the first place.

It didn't help that Harry thoroughly trounced Viktor in the final game of
quidditch and broken his perfect winning streak at Durmstrang.

"Viktor."

Still, they never got around to stop calling each other by their first names.

"Dumbledore sent someone to collect you. Come on, I'll point her out."

"Gee, thanks," he said, dripping with sarcasm. *Why don't point out were
you'll dump my body when your done while you're at it.* Nevertheless, he
gathered up his trunk followed after Viktor. The trunk was light, not because
of any Feather Light spell but because it was almost empty. He had only left
his school uniform, some text books he wouldn't mind loosing, Elsbeth's
leftover owl treats, and anything else he could easily replace. Everything
else he had shrunk down and hidden on his person using the runic spells he had
been studying all semester.

The spells weren't for any class, there was no Ancient Runes class at
Durmstrang, but at one time there must have been because the library had a
treasure trove of books on the subject. Harry had been pretty good in the
class at Hogwarts, but not particularly enthusiastic about it. Now that he was
going to be deprived of his wand, however, runes had seemed one of the best
ways to protect himself, since his wandless magic was pretty rudimentary and
taxing on his body. Besides, they had proven dead useful in Curse Breaking.

If anyone searched his things they would find nothing useful, and if the
opportunity to escape presented itself, he wouldn't have to worry about
leaving anything important behind. He felt rather proud of managing it all on
his own.

Harry thought Voldemort would have been proud of his progress too... and then
remembered the man more than likely wanted him dead.

From the corner of his eye, he spotted someone else who wanted him dead.
Oblitz was still standing on the deck of the ship, staring down at him like a
hateful vulture. Harry glared right back at him, plotting revenge tactics on
the off chance he survived the summer and had to come back to Durmstrang to
endure his company yet again.

They moved up the pier to the main docking area, where the reporters and
anxious parents gathered round. They weren't allowed on the pier for safety
reason while the students unloaded, but they still managed to make a nuisance
of themselves. Several photos were being taken, and Harry tried to convince
himself it was mostly due to Viktor and his superstar status as a Quidditch
champion. He was quickly disabused of that notion. They were proving just
about equally famous.

"Harry! How did you like your first semester at Durmstrang?"

"Mr. Potter, do you feel safe now that you're in Britain?"

"Viktor, now that you have finished your schooling, will you be training full
time with the Vratsa Vultures\[^83-1]?"

"Please, let me take a picture for my daughter! She's a huge fan!"

"Are the both of you good friends? Is it true you've sworn yourselves blood
brothers?"

"If you could say anything to the Dark Lord right now, Mr. Potter, what would
it be?"

"What made you decide to run away? Did the Dark Lord threaten you? How?"

"Can I have your autograph?! It's for my nephew!"

"Mr. Krum, have you considered the offer to play for the Heidelberg
Harriers\[^83-2]?"

"Viktor, you've been renown for your support of social causes. Are there any
you are actively promoting? Have you thought about a career in politics?"

"Mr. Potter do you think you'll return to Durmstrang for your fifth year or
accept the offer of another school? How many offers have you received?"

With more than a little trepidation, they both waded into crowded and
immediately became separated. Harry wasn't very tall, and as the people
swarmed around him and blocked his view in all direction, he became
disoriented. The day was already hot, and even in his cooler British clothes,
the bodies around him radiated like a furnace and stank of sweat. They was
more flashing bulbs and shouted questions and people grabbing him to gain his
attention, refusing to let him through and he didn't even know in which
direction to go anymore. He began to panic.

"How do you feel about your new guardian, Albus Dumbledore?"

"You were born in Britain but raised most of your life in Germany, which do
you consider your true home?"

"When you were in Britain did you ever feel your life was in danger?"

"Were you persecuted because your parents fought in the resistance?"

"Tell us what happened when you escaped!"

Harry only shook his head, and shouted, "Please, let me through!"

"There are rumors that dark rituals performed on you while attending Hogwarts,
is that true?"

"Please get out of my way."

He tried to push himself through, but it was pointless because now they were
following him and no matter which direction he tried the crowd was just as
thick. Where was Viktor? Dammit, did it even matter?

"What happened to the muggle relatives who were originally taking care of you?
Do you know?"

"Did the Dark Lord force you to sign over all of your family's assets to him?"

"No comment! Leave me alone!"

"Harry!"

"The Minister has recently come under fire for his tactics in Britain. Do you
have anything to say in his defense?"

"Are you assisting the Ministry in their case against Britain?"

"Shut up!" he finally snapped, and several cameras suddenly shattered and pens
snapped. There was a moment of stunned silence.

"Harry!"

Someone grabbed his hand, he spun around to jerk it away but stopped when he
saw who it was.

"Fleur?"

She was ruffled from squeezing and shoving herself through the reporters, but
none of it damped her beauty, her shining halo of blond hair and her glowing
smile. Having finally noticed her, her smile widened and she pulled him into
hug that stole the breath clean out of him. There were a few clicks from
cameras, but they were further back in the crowd. She pulled away, still
smiling.

"Come on! Follow me!"

Still holding his hand, she started to running, knocking over people with
incredible ease for someone so dainty and pulling him after her. The reporters
tried to follow, but with none able to block her or even slow her down, the
two escapees managed to break through them and made a dash for freedom. Harry
couldn't believe what was happening. Was he escaping? Now?

If that was the case... he dropped his trunk and forced himself to run faster.
Together they ran off the pier towards some warehouses. At one point, Fleur
spun around around and cast a shield charm. The thud of several people
smacking into it made Harry smirk, but he didn't risk turning around. They
continued running until they couldn't any longer and no one else was in sight.

An 'alohamora' later, and they found themselves slipping into a warehouse. It
was filled with freight, but empty of people. Turning to each other, they
burst out laughing, and hugged yet again.

"What are you doing here?" he asked, grinning like a fool.

"What doz it look lie? I am visiting my friend and rescuing 'im from ze mob."

"And this friend is very grateful, but why? How did you even know I would be
here?"

"I asked Viktor. 'E zed zat you would be 'ere today, and I might 'ave a chance
to talk. *Chance*. Ha! I make my own luck."

"Viktor told you?"

"I tried to write you directly but all my letters got zent back."

Harry nodded. He hadn't received a letter all year, and he figured like in
Britain, his mail was being restricted for safety reasons... or because it was
being stolen for intelligence purposes, which made him ill to think about. Her
expression suddenly turned serious, and she looked at him intently.

"'Arry, please tell me the truth. Did you run away or were you kidnapped? I
'ave been 'earing so many stories I don't know what to believe."

An ache rose up in him, the question she had presented one that still haunted
him. Had he run away? Not exactly. Had he been kidnapped? Not exactly.

"It's complicated," he said. "I didn't want to go... but I can't go back. I
made a mistake that I don't know how to fix, and Viktor pulled me out of the
fire for completely the wrong reasons, but saved me just the same. But I'm
scared Fleur. They want me to do things. Betray the Dark Lord and Britain, but
I can't. I can't punish them for my mistakes. I don't know what to do. I don't
have anywhere to go."

Fleur pulled him into another hug

"Ah! Mon petite chevalier, is zere anything I can do?"

Harry shook his head. What could he ask of her? The most she could do was let
him escape on his own. She couldn't hide him, not after all those reporters
had seen them run off together, and if he went to France with her there was no
telling if they would keep him there or send him back to either Germany or
Britain. Then he realized there was something she might be able to do.

"Do you... do you write letters to Bill?"

She blinked, and after a moment she nodded. "Yes, I 'ave been given special
permission to write to Britain. I 'ad to apply for a special license, but I
can do it. Why?"

"I... would you... would you tell Bill to let everyone know I'm okay? Hermione
is probably so worried."

She gave him a sad look, but nodded. It was as clear to her as it was to him,
that he wasn't 'okay'. Then she pulled her bag, a school satchel he hadn't
noticed before, off her shoulder and set it on the floor.

"You are not ze only one who 'as made zis request," she said, "Your friends
gave me something for you. Zink of zem as belated Christmas presents... or
early birthday presents."

Harry's heart began to beat faster as she opened her back and started to hand
him boxes. He sat down beside her, and celebrated the Christmas he had missed.
The first package was from Mrs. Weasley, a woman he had not met directly, but
whom he held a quiet affection for having given him some of his closest
friends and respected acquaintances. Inside was a jumper, Gryffindor red with
a golden 'H' on the front, which made him smile. It was awful, but strangely
sweet at the same time. He had seen Ginny and the twins wear theirs in the
common room.

Next came Clyde's gift, which held a fully illustrated play book for the
Chudley Cannon's season, where the players zipped around the pages so quickly
they looked as if they'd fly right out of the book at any moment. Ginny had
made him scarf and glove set, black and sleek, with his initial anagrammed in
even darker black. The Wealsey twins gave him an entire box of wigs, of all
things. Short red hair, long blond hair, curly white hair (and a mustache to
match), spiky black hair, and wavy brown hair. Both Harry and Fleur burst out
laughing when they found a hot pink mohawk buried at the bottom. It seemed the
twins had gotten him started on his very own Incognito Kit.

Draco gave him a knife. It wasn't an ornamental one either. The six inches of
smooth steal, the handle plainly crafted wood. He felt no magic from it, but
that didn't make it safe. He carefully sheathed it and tucked it carefully out
of sight in the back of his pants under his shirt.

Hermione had gotten him a Reader's Ring. It was an enchanted object made of
silver that slipped over his entire finger, and was hinged to still allow him
movement. Runes were carved on the inside, but on the outside it was shiny and
smooth as a mirror. He had seen and admired it on Hermione before while she
was researching for particularly complicated research papers. It allowed its
owner to find the answer to any question as long as it was within a book
within a hundred feet.

Hagrid had even sent him something, a baby dragon tooth, probably from one of
the orphaned dragons left in his care. Most surprising of all, was the package
from Natalie. They hadn't talked all year and she had barely even looked at
him, but she had still sent him a calligraphy set, the nice sort made with
polished wood and interchangeable heads and three different colors of ink.

The last item was from Fleur herself it seemed, a large book, but an odd
choice for a gift.

"Centurian Prophecies?" he asked, looking at her quizzically. She made a
helpless gesture.

"Don't look at me, it wasn't my idea. Ze owner of ze bookstore I went to
insisted it was for you. Don't worry, Bill checked it out. It iz perfectly
safe."

"Thanks, Fleur," he said, genuinely grateful to her for coming all this way on
an errand that more than likely should have failed. She just grinned.

"You are quite welcome. Now we better pack everyzing up. It wouldn't do to be
found with all zis illegal contraband," she said, with a wink. There were
letters, four of them in fact, but those he wanted to read alone in private,
and he made sure tuck those carefully away in his shirt. With his trunk gone,
and not having enough time to work out runes to shrink and hide his gifts,
Fleur transfigured his cloak into satchel and stored everything away inside
it. Not as subtle as Harry would have liked, but it was better than just
abandoning it all.

They looked around outside briefly to see if everything was clear and slipped
out of their hiding place.

"You should go," he said. "It's one thing to help me get away from a mob, it's
a different thing altogether to help me run away."

She sighed and nodded, "Ah, yes. I would definitely be expelled from Chevalier
training for zat. Did you know I had gotten accepted?"

Harry's smile turned sheepish. "I don't even know what that is."

She rolled her eyes. "I will be a private soldier to ze Royal Family. It's a
very important and prestigious position. You only get in by invitation, you
know," she said, looking quite pleased with herself. Harry had seen sentinels
with similar jobs for Voldemort, but it didn't seem particularly glamorous.
But then, Voldemort had very little need to be protected by anyone.

"Congratulations," he said, hoping this was what she truly wanted. Before, he
had thought she wanted to study in Luxemburg, but perhaps it had never
occurred to her to even hope for this new career choice. He thought she would
do wonderfully at whatever position she took.

"Thank you. If you want to get further into ze city, south is zat way. If you
want to try to get back Britain... you know, just in case, you might run into
a ferry if you head northwest. Other zan zat, I'm afraid I don't know zis city
very well," she lamented.

"Don't worry about it. Go on. I'll be fine."

She kissed him on the cheek, making his ears burn. "Good luck, mon ami."

She hurried on her way, looking around cautiously before disappearing behind
another building. Alone, Harry was at a loss about what to do with himself. He
had gotten away so quickly and so suddenly, he didn't know where to go next or
what to do. Should he try to hide in Germany, as muggle perhaps? It had been a
long time since he'd played a muggle, and he wasn't sure if he'd be able to do
it anymore. Plus he had no money and no where to stay.

He still had his wand though, which gave him a major advantage among muggles.
Locked doors were meaningless, and a few charms would leave him completely
unnoticeable to anyone who might think to question or stop him.

But if he were caught, he would be in so much trouble.

He was already in so much trouble, he decided and started heading south. He
would find somewhere to lay low before he tried to come up with any long term
plans. Perhaps he could even find a way to make himself look different and
hide among wizards, and if that failed a way to hide among the muggles like
his parents did until he was grownup enough to move to the United States. They
had no real wizarding government in the U.S. he had heard, so hiding there
wouldn't be hard at all.

Walking south at a quick and steady stride, idea after ridiculous idea flitted
through his head, distracting him from where he was going and from being
completely aware of his surroundings. So he was just starting to entertain the
notion of finding train to take him to Cologne, when a Stunning Hex caught him
square in the back and knocked him unconscious to the ground.

---
---

Bristol was humming with activity as spring faded into the heat of summer. A
normally thriving community to begin with, the wizarding city was now packed
to the gills with new Brass Cult recruits, eager young wizards and witches
prepared to do their part for their country hustling through their
registration, supplying, and training hectically, knowing the deadline for
their first strike was drawing closer and no one knowing when they themselves
would be called into action.

Hostels and private residents had been contracted to house the extra troops as
they waited for their assignments at the various bases that were being
constructed across the nation. The most famous of military brass were often
seen wandering the streets or coming and going from various offices, drawing
on the awe of the soldiers and citizens alike. Chief Commander Lucius Malfoy,
Chief Sentinel Morgan, General Blackwell, Judge Devonhill, Admiral Lockhart
(although what exactly he was the admiral of no one rightly new, but everyone
admitted he looked damn fine in his uniform), and even Lord Voldemort himself
could be glimpsed from time to time.

Not that anyone necessary *wanted* to glimpse Lord Voldemort. Not lately
anyway.

It was generally agreed upon by the public (with the press' insistence) that
the Dark Lord was deeply troubled by the upcoming conflict and the safety of
the protégé he had come to see as a son, and that the result was a very short
temper and an unrealistic expectation for perfection.

Voldemort let them keep thinking that. The truth was too ridiculous to be made
public. He was not concerned about the war, was even looking forward to it,
and the boy was probably safer amongst the enemy than his former mentor.

The truth was he just plain missed Harry's company.

He blamed his new soul for the most part, and by extension the infuriating
Gryffindor himself. He blamed Brennan for his deception. He blamed Snape for
lack of vigilance. If he was feeling particularly irritated, he'd even blame
himself for having failed to handle his apprentice properly. He was only a
child after all. A damn nuisance of a child, who fooled him with his big puppy
dog eyes and his stupid Gryffindor ideals and his supposedly inability to keep
his thoughts to himself.

It didn't change the fact that he still missed him. Perhaps he even missed him
more, knowing the boy was participating in a very adult game that he enjoyed
playing himself.

Then he realized what an idiot he was being, and started plotting ways to
torment the child upon his return. To his continued annoyance thinking of
himself as the boy's master wasn't nearly as satisfying as thoughts of being
his teacher.

"Potter is no longer at Durmstrang," Voldemort said, staring across his desk
at Morgan who sat ramrod straight and unreadable. In the background a map of
Germany was situated detailing strategic attack points, glowing red dots at
varying brightness to indicate their importance.

"Yes, my Lord," Morgan agreed. They weren't saying anything most of Britain
didn't already know. The German school year was ended, and Potter was suppose
to be relocated from the school today although no one knew where.

"But he *is* with Dumbeldore now."

Also something the public knew was happing today, and were completely outraged
by. They were familiar, or at least had been recently reminded, that
Dumbledore had been accused of sending assassins after the boy. Morgan nodded.

"That simply will not do."

"No, my Lord."

"Have your spies turned up anything?"

Morgan nodded. "I received news half an hour ago. There was incident in
Bremerhaven, when Harry left the ship. He met up with Fleur Delacour on the
pier and ran away. She was picked up a few hours later on her way back, but
Potter wasn't with her."

This was not public record. Not in Britain and not in Germany, and it peaked
the Dark Lord's interest. Why precisely had Harry run away? Where had he
intended to go? It had been months since he had been taken into Germany's
custody, and Voldemort had expected all sort of sordid details of their shared
time together to have been leaked to the press or used as a threat by the
German ministry or to turn France against him, but there had been nothing.
Could it be possible that the boy had said nothing?

He didn't see how, but all evidence suggested that he had, so far, kept
silent. Nevertheless, he couldn't rely on Harry's discretion forever,
especially now that he was in Dumbledore's power.

"Was he found?"

"The Ministry received a statement that Potter was in his guardian's custody,
and had merely gone off to speak with a friend privately for awhile. This
matched Delacour's statement. However, my informant had no way to confirm if
it is true or a means to cover up a blunder on their part."

Voldemort nodded thoughtfully.

"Do you have anyone who might track him down?"

"Tried. He's either not using his magic or really was found by Dumbledore. My
informant only knows what the Ministry knows, and if they can't find Potter
neither can he."

Not what he wanted to hear, but there was no point in cursing Morgan over it.
That the man managed to get an informant in the German Auror division at all
was extremely impressive. Given enough time, he was certain Morgan could
recruit additional spies within Germany, disgruntled citizens as tired of
their ministry's incompetency as Britain had been of theirs. *Besides*,
Voldemort thought to himself, *I have been known to come up with a clever plan
or two myself.*

"If I were able to locate Harry," he suggested, "Do you think you could get a
man to retrieve him?"

Morgan said nothing for a moment, as blank faced as ever, then finally nodded.
"I can think of a few people who might be convinced to take the boy, if it
meant asylum in Britain."

"Asylum is definitely something I can provide. How quickly can you get
someone?"

Another moment of though. "... a week... ten days at most."

"You have four. This will be at the top of your list until it is completed.
Harry's represents a security breach of the highest level. We can not afford
to let him remain in the wrong hands."

"Yes, my Lord."

"Good. Are you ready for tonight's meeting?"

"Yes, my Lord."

"Ms. Beadle as well?"

"Yes."

"Good. You are dismissed."

Morgan stood, bowed and left, leaving Voldemort to brood until his next
appointment. This could be it. In the next week, Harry may once more be in his
grasp, and he wasn't entirely sure what to do about it. Part of him want to
kill Harry, destroy the threat before he could turn into the next Dumbledore,
and a larger part wanted to beat him down into complete submission, molding
him into a blindly obedient tool just as he had told Lucius and Severus he
would. But another part was making itself know, and had been growing like a
weed despite the fire of his rage constantly trying to burn it to ash.

Part of him wanted to ask him how he had done it.

And why.

And if he regretted it.

Part of him wanted to sit down with a cup of tea, a pile of blank parchments,
and recording quill and discuss everything that had happened from the moment
Harry had decided to perform the ritual to the point where he escaped with the
Durmstrang students. He wanted to compare ideas and theories, and learn what
that sort of magic from that particular goddess felt like, what it required as
far as sacrifice, if it was something he himself could harness. He wanted
Harry to watch him with his wide, fascinated eyes as he explained the parts
that he hadn't realized himself, and feel the tingle of their magic brushing
against one another as their mere thoughts drew up the ancient powers, their
intellectual and imaginative admiration a form of worship all its own.

Part of him wanted them reconciled, but all of him *knew* it was pointless.

They would never have what they had lost. The trust was broken.

His whole, willful, and completely illogical soul refused to listen.

---
---

Sirius stood up and arched his back, working the crick out of it. Amidst the
trees, he and over half his pack, including women and children, were stooping
over the forest floor, searching for any sort of valuable plant they could
find. The alpha scowled, his annoyance at his current duty only increasing
along with the growing ache in his spine. Bide him, Remus glanced up with some
amusement.

"It's honest work," his beta said.

"It's nothing of the sort. It's war profiteering," he snapped.

"It's for medicine. Not for weapons. These could save someone's life."

"Yeah, some dumb clod who'll just go out and kill someone else."

Remus rolled his eyes. Sirius had been in a surly mood all day, and Remus knew
logic wasn't going to snap him out of it. He wanted to be angry, convinced it
was somehow better than being worried.

"That's a very pessimistic thing to say."

They both looked up and turned, finding Luna. Her own bag looked full, though
whether it was anything useful was questionable. She had odd ideas about what
was important and what wasn't after all.

"Hello, Luna," Remus sighed.

"Hello, Slivermoon. Hello, Blackbone."

"Hmph."

She continued to smile dreamily, oblivious or maybe nonchalant about their
complete lack of enthusiasm. They could be gloomy all they wanted, because
*she* knew something that would make them feel better.

"Diana says Harry is out of the ice fortress."

Now she had their attention. They both dropped their bags and came closer.

"Where is he?" Sirius growled. Luna shrugged.

"I dunno."

The alpha grit his teeth and took a deep breath.

"Then what else did Diana tell you?"

She tilted her head, and squinted one eye as if trying to remember, though the
meeting could only have been a few hours ago at most.

"She said he's being funny again, which I think is good. If he were in a bad
way, that wouldn't be funny at all."

Remus nodded sceptically, "Yes, that's probably true. Did she say how he was
being funny?"

She grinned, "He got rescued by a damsel."

The two men shared a looked, and finally shook their heads. It was pointless
trying to get meaningful answers from someone half mad who was talking to
someone else who couldn't communicate her own omnipotence any better.

"Anything else?"

"And they lived happily ever after?" she offered.

"Luna," Sirius sighed, "Is he safe or not?"

"Yep. At least he was when I talked to Diana. He's crazy though, so who
knows?" she said, and scampered off. Remus shook his head. She was getting
odder and odder with each passing day, and unfortunately more social at the
same time.

"Should I be worried that *Luna* thinks my godson is nuts?" Sirius muttered.

"No. Sane people always seem crazy to the insane."

"Do you think anything she said was meaningful?"

"Sure. Harry's out of Durmstrang. It's probably the right time of the year for
him to be out of class. There will definitely be more opportunities to rescue
him now."

"Or for him to escape. I bet he could, if he tried."

They fell silent, and went back to get their bags and start harvesting, both
of them deep in thought. Harry's kidnapping had come as a complete shock to
them, and in a lot of ways they couldn't bring themselves to believe it. Harry
anywhere other than Hogwarts or with them, let alone holed up in an ice
fortress hundreds of miles away, was impossible to imagine. Like trying to
imagine a polar bear in a barn or Greyback in a suit. It just wasn't clicking.
The only evidence they had even seen of it was the absence of letters, and
Greyback's single, gruff announcement half a year ago.

The upcoming war, however, felt very real. Greyback had already accepted
commissions for the harvesting of medicinal plants, animal furs for the lining
of winter uniforms, and crossbows. Their head alpha had also begun drilling
them in what to do in case of an attack, digging out escape tunnels beneath
their homes and random places around their camp, and holding council with the
other alphas every few weeks to see how their own preparations were coming.
One alpha had already been killed for not taking the threat seriously enough.

As they went back to their task, Sirius finally found exactly what he wanted
to say.

"If he escapes... I hope he doesn't come back here. I hope he finds somewhere
safe."

---
---

Vratsa Vultures is the Bulgarian pro quidditch team. Heidelberg Harriers are
the German team.
