# The Black Wolf King

"Reckless, bumbling fool."

Harry sat up abruptly. A dim light radiated from the candle on his night
stand, casting the tent walls in a dim orange glow and deep shadows. The
healers had left him to rest, insisting he should be alone for a while
after losing his fight with Stephen. He hadn't thought of his smack down
in terms of winning or losing, so much as an unfortunate happenstance. A
miscalculated step.

Bobby, as dark as the deep shadows, was nothing more than the sound of
flutter wings and an aggravated voice.

"You don't call, you don't write. And when you do get back, it's all
sweetheart this and darling that," Harry lamented mockingly, and settled
back into his bed. His jaw ached from Stephen's punch, and the
painkillers he had been given were making him lightheaded.

"How you survived this long I have no idea. You have the survival
instinct of a kamikaze pilot. Following a clearly deranged man into the
woods… If it weren't for me you'd be…" the shadows snapped, shifting
into shapes that could not have been a crow before snapping back into a
singular shape perched at the foot of his bed. Harry tilted his head
curiously.

"What do you mean 'if it weren't for you'? What did you do? What are you
even doing here, Bobby?"

There was no immediate reply, and a well of unease began to grow inside
him. Harry would be the first to admit that he had a tendency to take
people for granted, that they were generally what they appeared to be,
good or bad, until proven otherwise. He wasn't so sure he could afford
to be so blithe in his assumptions anymore.

"What did you do, Bobby? And perhaps more importantly, *why* did you do
it?"

Silence.

"Why have you been helping me at all? And don't give me that 'you're
fun' crap. You're… a fairy. Or of the fairy or part of their realm. Your
natural instinct is to kill or convert humans into another fairy, not
save their lives. I can only assume you have a reason for not doing so.
I'd be very interested in knowing what that reason was."

Harry gathered his candle from the side of the bed, intent to speak with
the raven himself and not just the shadows. He turned to Bobby.

A pale face loomed at the foot of his bed..

He dropped the candle, the flame instantly extinguished, and made a
lunge for his wand, ducking and rolling off the bed to the other side of
the tent.

"*Now* your survival instinct kicks in."

"*Lumos*." The tent was filled with a soft blue light. The man was gone,
and only Bobby's avian form remained, glaring imperiously at him.
Harry's eyes widened. "You're a changeling."

Even uttering the word sent a shiver of fear up Harry's spine. It only
seemed to ruffle the other's feathers.

"No. I'm an *illusionist*. A dream weaver. A magician. All these things,
but I am no fae."

Harry just stared at him for a long moment, before it clicked.

"You're a wizard."

"I *was* a wizard," he corrected, "I peeved off a few 'higher ups' in my
day, and *poof* I get rebirthed as a raven. If it weren't for Raecellos,
I wouldn't even remember being a wizard, and I would be spared a great
deal of this aggravation."

Wow. Just… wow. That had never even occurred to Harry. It was bizarre
and yet… fascinating. Bobby looked rather indignant at his gawking.

"Are you quite done, now?"

He blinked, and then smiled sheepishly.

"Sorry, it's just… What's it like? Being reborn?"

"Crowded. There isn't a lot of room in an egg, although I suppose I was
lucky to be spared the *joys* of mammalian birth," the raven said, not
sounding particularly nostalgic over the event. His dismissive attitude
reminded Harry of his earlier concerns.

"So… why are you helping me again?"

The raven preened his wings, the avian equivalent of picking lint, and
replied blandly. "I have my reasons."

"Which are?"

"Which are none of your damn business."

In a flicker of light and shadow, he disappeared. Harry waved his arm
about, casting the blue light around the room, but the raven was already
gone, leaving Harry with more questions and concerns than he had started
with. What now? Bobby had always been helpful to him, had saved him
even, but his evasive attitude was worrisome. Was he truly independent
of the fae? He had plenty of opportunities to betray Harry to the fairy
folk and never had, but what were his motivations? Was he under orders
from Raecellos or even Madris? But then why hide it? Why ask Harry to
keep his presence a secret from everyone else?

Most important of all, what was Harry going to do about it?

---

Lestrange stared across the desk at the man, if mere man he truly was,
that she had devoted her life to and was reassured to find that her
admiration for him had not dimmed in the slightest. He was as beautiful,
charming, and terrifying as she remembered from the height of the war,
the years of relative peace merely refining the handle instead of
dulling the blade. It had been a long time since she had been granted
the privilege of his private company, a fact she blamed on Potter. That
boy, that foolish, naïve little *Gryffindor*, had pulled at the Dark
Lord's attention until he was blind to nearly everyone else, and she
didn't understand it. Not in the slightest.

Well, no, that wasn't entirely true. She *hadn't* understood it. Not in
the beginning, not until recently in fact. Potter was as foolish and
unrefined as ever, but now… now he had power, magical and political on a
scale she never could have fathomed. The Dark Lord had seen the
potential she had not. Unfortunately, so had Snape, and that left her
feeling all sorts the fool. It also made her wonder why her master was
meeting her in private rather than her *and* Snape, or even just Snape.

"Bella, it's been a while."

"My lord."

This was her castle. She was the headmistress after all, but even here
she felt her inferiority. Sitting in his high-backed chair, behind his
massive desk, in the office he had *carved* out of her domain, he was
every inch the conquering warlord. His fingers were steepled, his eyes
shadowed to the point even his crimson eyes appeared black. He was not
here for pleasantries. Their recent estrangement had not so dulled her
memory that she couldn't tell when her lord was angry. She hoped it
wasn't directed at her.

"Your progress with the school's security is quite remarkable," he said,
"Your talents for combat and military preparedness has not failed you."

He sounded sincere, but Lestrange couldn't shake the feeling she was
being mocked. Over the last couple of years, the castle's security had
been breeched repeatedly, in ways she should never have allowed to
happen. Even the werewolf girl's appearance, a mere few weeks ago,
should never have occurred. Potter's actual escape from the castle when
it was on full security alert was an embarrassment she was certain she
would lose her job over, and possibly her life.

"It's wasted here."

Lestrange stiffened. Perhaps he was going to end it now. At least he had
granted her enough respect to do it private, without Snape or one of his
other cronies sneering at her. Voldemort moved one of his hands,
reaching to flip a photograph on top of his desk. She looked, and
immediately felt the spark of recognition.

"You have served me well over these many years, Bella, in some ways
better than others. I think its time for you to become my blade once
again."

She stared at the photograph for a long moment, and then up at him.

"I am yours, my Lord, in whatever capacity you desire, but I do not
understand precisely what you want."

The smile that cut its way across his face did nothing to make him look
any less angry.

"This is the traitor who helped the Germans escape. I need you to hunt
him down and capture him, preferably alive for interrogation. You always
had a talent for hunting."

She took the photograph, staring at Horace McGunny's cool expression,
completely still even as the staff of the Hogwarts' Herald scurried
about in the background. She had not anticipated this. McGunny was one
smooth character. He was a smart, no nonsense, slave driver to those
under his command, and if his ambitions had been more political than
academic she was certain he would have been placed in Slytherin. She
couldn't imagine his motivation for betraying his school and his
country.

"You'll retain the official title of Headmistress for the school year,"
Voldemort continued, "but I want you to leave a majority of those
responsibilities to Severus while you pursue this. This operation is
covert. No one can know what it is about, not Severus and not Lucius.
Only you, Morgan, and I know about this and it will remain that way.
Morgan is under instruction to provide you with any resources you deem
necessary, but I expect you to be subtle."

It was starting to sink in what was happening, but Lestrange wasn't sure
if she should be ecstatic or humiliated. Was she being promoted or
demoted? She honestly couldn't tell.

"I… It will be done, my Lord."

The look he gave her told her explicitly what would happen to her if it
did not.

---

November sunlight, draped in a silver cloak, pressed against the stain
glass windows, casting the tea room in an ambiguous light, somewhere
between brightness and gloom. It matched Severus's state of mind, and
that just irritated him. McGonagall had wisely avoided the usual small
talk this afternoon, sensing something in her colleague's demeanor that
was even less pleasant than usual. She waited until the tea was ready
and served before she attempted to break the silence.

"Has Lockhart been giving you dating advice again?"

Severus rolled his eyes, his annoyance shaking him from his sulk.

"No. I have successfully managed to pawn him off on Slughorn for at
least a week. They're *made* for each other."

Her lips twitched, but she quickly smothered the smile. She didn't think
he'd appreciate her taking whatever was bothering him as a joke.

"Then may I ask what's wrong? Something is obviously bothering you."

He ignored her, but she simply waited, taking an appreciative sip of her
tea. Eventually, Snape broke the silence.

"I think I might be cursed."

She blinked. "Really? Have you talked to Pomphrey?"

He shook his head. "No. Not that kind of curse. I think…someone… I don't
know who… might have cursed me so that I'll never have a family."

She gave him an odd look, trying to sort out what he was saying. He
didn't fault her confusion. He did sound like a bit of an idiot at the
moment.

"What happened?"

He debated telling McGonagall. It was, in fact, a very private matter,
one he didn't think Ira would appreciate him sharing with anyone. But…
he *needed* to tell someone, someone practical who could look at his
situation and offer a valid solution or state clearly and
unsympathetically that there wasn't one.

"Ira… I believe we've broken up for good."

"Oh, Severus, what happened? You seemed to be getting along so well."

He sighed, and took a sip of his tea, not even tasting it.

"We are…were. It's… she told me something about herself that I don't
know if I can accept if we were to continue having a relationship."

"What?" Now she was starting to look concerned. There were a lot of
possible aspects of a person she didn't think Severus could accept, and
a number of them could get poor Ira in a heap of trouble if he so chose.

"She's divorced."

She nearly rolled her eyes. If that was it, she just lost all sympathy
for him.

"… because she can't have children."

"Ah." Well, that was a different story. One she had more sympathy for
than he could ever know. "I didn't know you were thinking about starting
a family with her so soon."

"I wasn't either until she said it… I… I hadn't realized until that
moment that I had no intention of looking for anyone else. She just…
*fit*. Into everything."

She nodded, as if she understood, but he didn't really think she did.

"I mean to say, no matter what I was doing… or what I wanted to do… she
could be there, beside me or in the background, and it was just a little
bit better than it was while I was alone. Like when she stayed with me
this summer, while I was in the lab I could hear in the kitchen or in
the sitting room, and normally that would be extremely annoying, but
with her… it was soothing. I felt at ease with her in my home. I hadn't
realized that she had become a part of it already, and now… now I think
we were both deluding ourselves."

McGonagall felt a strong maternal urge to get up a hug him, but she
doubted that was what he wanted or needed. So she remained silent for a
moment, and thought over what he had said, and what she should advise.
It didn't take her long to think of something, but it wasn't something
she could bring herself to say easily. They had both nearly drained
their tea before she found the courage to speak.

"Did she tell you exactly *why* she couldn't have children?"

He glared at her.

"No, and I wasn't so morbidly curious as to ask."

"You should have," she said, with a sharpness that had him sitting up
straight and paying attention. "There are different types of
infertility, many of which can be treated and cured or worked around.
It's not a well known field among wizarding kind, but there are still a
few medi-witches and wizards who practice in reproductive medicine. It's
expensive and often risky, but not something to be over looked."

He stared at her blankly for a moment, the hint of a blush coloring his
cheeks. It was obvious the topic had turned awkward to him. Talking
about wanting children was a lot different than talking about the
mechanics of *making* children. She wasn't going to let him clam up
though. Certain things needed to be said so that he understood that the
situation was not hopeless, before he gave up on yet another possibility
at happiness.

Because, oddly enough, she did want him to be happy. She wanted him to
be happy, and to share that happiness with Harry and Hermione and even
Draco, little jerk though he was. And if that meant she had to embarrass
them both, she would do it.

"I'm going to tell you something, Severus. Something I haven't told
anyone since… well, since Dumbledore left," she said, sending him a
warning look that he better pay attention because she wasn't going to
repeat it. "I have a sister, a year younger than me. When we were both
just little girls, we got sick. Very, very sick. We recovered, but… we
were both told we would likely never be able to have children."

He stared at her, unbelieving that she would reveal something so
personal to him. It wasn't in her personnel records. No doubt Lestrange
would have mocked her for it mercilessly if she had known. Why was she
telling him this?

"I accepted what I was told, and planned my life around the assumption
that I'd never have a family. My parents were traditionalists you see.
They couldn't arrange a marriage with damaged goods, and they never
would have accepted an adopted child into the family. So I figured the
only way to make them proud of me is if I did something with my life
that didn't require a family. The result is what you see today, and I
can't say I regret the course my life has taken. It's been filled with
many joys and sorrows, pride and disappointment, but always my own
choices. My sister, however…"

Here McGonagall couldn't help smiling a bit regretfully.

"My sister didn't accept it. She absolutely refused to. We got into huge
fights about it. I thought she was 'deluding' herself, as you so aptly
put it. She thought I was settling for less. She ended up marrying some
nobody with romantic notions as deluded as hers. My parents were
furious. They disowned her, but she didn't care. She had her dream of a
little shop in the city, an endless love affair with her own husband,
two kids, and a cat. And you know what? Her dream came true almost as
she envisioned it. She has a little grocery store in Edinburgh, is still
head over heels in love with her husband, has four children, and three
cats last I counted. So as much as I love my life, am proud of it, I
can't help but wonder what would have happened if I hadn't been more
like my sister. If I hadn't accepted what others told me were my
limits.'

'I know it may sound too Gryffindor for your tastes, but I don't think
you should give up on Ira. You're a fighter, Severus, you always have
been. If you truly know what you want, than do what you have to to get
it. Experiment, question, argue, curse someone if you have to, but don't
give up. It's much too soon for that."

She stood up from her chair, and he very nearly stood up as well, but
for the hand that pushed him back into his seat.

"Now if you'll excuse me. I think I've bled my heart enough for today.
You just sit there and think about what I've said. Decide how much
you're willing to risk and fight for Ira. After all, they do say 'third
times the charm'."

She stepped through the door, feeling his eyes on her a she went, and
wondered if she had made the right decision to tell him. Not just for
what she had revealed about herself, but on the very real possibility
that he might fail. Her sister may have beaten the odds, but that didn't
make the odds better for anyone else.

---

Sirius' coronation was at dawn. Harry was woken two hours before by Luna
leaving his bed. She had snuck in at some point last night and once gone
her absence left a rather unpleasant chill. Reluctantly, he got up,
feeling barely alive and sore everywhere, with the intention of getting
another blanket. Any thoughts of sleep, however, were quickly dispelled
when Jane entered.

"It is time for you to wake up, young shaman," she said, laying a bundle
of clothes that were not his own at the foot of his bed. "You have
responsibilities to perform."

Harry wasn't entirely sure when they considered him a shaman. Maybe it
was as far back as when Voldemort had announced him his apprentice or
maybe it was as recent as Greyback's quasi-possession. Either way, it
meant new clothes, beaded with animal bones and feathers, and Jane
painting his face with red markings. His responsibilities were very
simple. The coronation was to be held in the clearing, and Harry spent
nearly an hour cleansing the area with sage, while Jane painted the
faces of a dozen other werewolves. Sirius and Remus were there, a single
band of black painted over their eyes, looking all the more ominous for
it. They did not approach him, and sensing that this time before the
coronation ceremony was important to them, he kept his distance as well.

The sun rose subtly, a gradual fading from the black to dark blue to
silver, and with it came the rest of the werewolves. The dark funeral
clothes (for unlike wizards, werewolves did where black and dark colors
to funerals) hadd been replaced with festival clothes, which varied from
full length dress to barely clothed in every shade. Harry couldn't help
but notice that almost none of them had their faces painted, and looking
more closely the few that did were all strong alphas and their females
or betas. He wondered what it meant. Were they Sirius' lieutenants? Did
they hold some special purpose in the coronation ritual?

The ceremony itself was not particularly ostentatious. Sirius wore only
his leather breeches and knives, and Remus was little better with actual
boots and arm guards. Jane, resplendent in pure white furs, announced
them both blessed by the Moon, and kissed their foreheads. The crowd
stomped their feet and cheered, but Jane was not finished

"But Rhiannon is not the only god whose blessing you require," she said
solemnly, and a ripple of confusion ran through the crowd. Harry
stiffened, and turned to Luna, who stared fixedly at Sirius. "If you
wish the blessing of Fenrir, our god of war, you will need to make an
offering. An offering of battle. Will you sacrifice in the name of our
people?"

"We shall sacrifice."

Jane stepped away from them to stand at the clearing's edge with the
others, and from among them the painted alphas and their partners
emerged, and slowly stalked towards them, forming a ring around their
intended prey.

"What is going on?" Harry whispered to Luna, who still did not look away
but did reply.

"We're at war, and the Moon alone is not enough to protect us. We need
Fenrir. We need his blessing, and he won't give it lightly. Blackbone
and Slivermoon, they'll have to fight to prove their worth."

"What? All of them at once? What if they can't do it?"

Luna finally turned to him, her expression tight, almost pained. "Do not
interfere, Harry. This is what it means for them to be Head Alpha and
Head Beta. The rest of us are putting our lives on the line based on the
assumption that they're *better* than the rest of us. It's not
something-"

A loud snarl interrupted her, but Harry already knew what he needed to.
He turned back to his godfathers in time to see Sirius smash his knee
into an alphas' chest, sending the man limp and sprawling onto the
ground. His beta, a heavily muscled female, made the mistake of jumping
to his defense and got a kick to the face for her troubles. Remus wasn't
slacking either. The beta might not be as strong or fast as Sirius, but
he did know how to fight smart and dirty when necessary. Another male
and female pair made to attack Sirius at once from different sides, but
Remus jumped into their attack, smashing his fist into the females face
before *hurling* her into her mate's path, tripping him up long enough
for Remus to knock him to the ground.

And then things got ugly. It was horrifying and magnificent at once.
Harry had always known his godfathers were special, that they were
somehow stronger or just a bit smarter than the others, but he had never
seen it demonstrated so dramatically as when they fought. Because they
didn't fight as individuals. There was nothing independent about their
movements or their techniques. Without looking or speaking, they moved
with their backs to each other, defending and attacking with such
choreographed movements that neither was ever left exposed.

Even when the knives and the hatchets were drawn and the attacks by the
other werewolves became more coordinated, they never faltered. Hits
*were*taken when necessary and they were *given* even more freely, to
the point where Harry was convinced *none* of them were going to make it
out alive. Two of the attacking werewolves already appeared dead, and
three others broken or bleeding beyond the ability to stand, let alone
attack. But that still left seven.

Luna was practically wrapped around Harry's body, holding him back as
best she could, whispering for him to let it play out, to be still. If
he didn't know that what was happening weren't necessary on some level,
she never would have succeeded in holding him. Magic or not, he was
still bigger than her and with far more to lose.

"Damn you, Fenrir," he swore under his breath. "You have your battle and
your blood, and you'll have plenty more before this war done, so just
stop it. *Stop it!*Or I will."

He did not know if he had been heard, if even Luna could hear him over
the snarls and screams and shouts of battles, and at first it appeared
his whispered declaration dissolved into nothing as yet another werewolf
swung his hatchet at Sirius, catching him upper arm. Harry fumbled for
his wand, but Luna struggled to hold his arms so he couldn't reach.
Sirius snarled in pain and anger, and swung his bare fist, smashing the
attacker in the stomach and sending him flying… five feet… ten feet…
sixteen… twenty… and stopped but only because he had hit the wall of
spectators, knocking them all to the ground.

Everyone froze. Then slowly, very slowly, those werewolves still in the
fight edged backwards, pulling the dead or unconscious or injured with
them on their retreat. Sirius and Remus, both bleeding and panting
heavily, growled menacingly at them but didn't pursue. Luna's grip,
bordering on vice-like, loosened and Harry climbed to his feet. An eerie
silence followed him, no one speaking or moving but for Sirius and
Remus' heavy breathing and the paranoid shifting of their eyes.

At last, Sirius' eyes settled on Harry, the only one who dared to
approach. It wasn't a particularly welcoming took, and Harry stopped
before he got too close. He had learned that much from Stephen's attack
at least. There was something off about his eyes, the normally black
color lightening to a golden brown.

"Sirius?"

The Head Alpha merely growled.

Harry blinked. "… Fenrir?"

That earned him a grin, and Harry glowered.

"What is it with you and possessing people? Shoo, you've had your fun."

The grinned widened, and was followed by a dark chuckle. "For now. I
imagine we'll be seeing each other soon enough."

The grin disappeared and Sirius' eyes faded to black once again, but
then so did all his fight. He collapsed, and Harry barely managed to
keep his head from smacking the ground, and even that much ended up
dragging him to the bloody ground with him. Remus wasn't so lucky. He
crashed, unimpeded, as dead to the world as Sirius.

The crowd surged forward, and on instinct Harry brought up his wand
threateningly, ready to defend his godfathers if they any of them failed
to realize that Fenrir's game was over. He needn't have bothered. They
merely began to gather up and treat their wounded. Eventually, some of
the healers managed to convince Harry to let them take Sirius and Remus.

He followed the Healers to their tents, now crowded with the wounded,
and among them was Stephen, pale and bound in splints and bandages. They
stared at each other for a long moment, the bedridden alpha's gaze
completely unreadable. Harry finally scowled back at him, before turning
to focus on his godfathers, attempting to ignore the other.

Very little actually needed to be done. Their wounds were superficial,
and all they truly needed was time to rest and they would awaken on
their own. Harry lingered for as long as he could, hoping they would
snap out of it quickly, but after an hour Stephen's heavy staring and
pervading silence it became too much and he left.

---

It was near sunset when Voldemort finally managed to make it to the
werewolf colony. The war was requiring a great deal of his time, and
with Tom's escape a whole new list of concerns had popped up, demanding
his attention. Missing the werewolf funeral, the ascension, and the
coronation ceremonies was more than a little irritating. He had worked
very hard to integrate himself into their society when Greyback was
alive, and he despised the thought of time and Blackbone's own
antagonistic nature getting in the way of that. It was more than likely
that he would find himself dependent on Harry to maintain peace between
them. Something he would be both proud and irritated by.

He passed through what once was the Goddess colony, and was now a sacred
site. Magic was thick in the air and Voldemort felt his inner monster
purr. The graves were freshly dug, heaped of loosened dirt marking each
place. It would only require a simple spell to… no, no, that was a bad
idea. Fenrir may have been little more than beast in his life, but in
his death he was something he knew better than to trifle with. Besides,
his old ally deserved more respect than that. If he bothered thinking
about it at all, he might even miss the mangy bastard.

A short ways behind him, Morgan followed, as quiet and suspicious as
ever. Although most couldn't tell, the man didn't like this place, and
Voldemort understood that very well. It was haunted after all, by things
wands had no power against, and men like Morgan had no business meddling
with.

He continued his journey further into the colony, and to his surprise
the presence of magic didn't weaken. He attributed this to the abundance
of blood he found in the clearing, but he couldn't guess its purpose.
The werewolves that could be found to explain it shied away from him.
Not unusual, but a little irritating at this point.

When he finally reached the main encampment, the area was thick with
werewolves and their rough and tumble merry-making. Even in the whirl
and ruckus of a several hundred drunken men and women (plus more than a
few rowdy children getting underfoot), finding the Head Alpha's tent was
only a minor obstacle. It was clearly visible, the largest structure in
the encampment, and stood an oasis against the chaos.

The tent flaps were wide open and the inside brightly lit, revealing the
Head Alpha himself and an rather eclectic ensemble. There was the new
Head Alpha of course, his beta, several alphas, Harry in the black and
encrusted garb of a shaman, that infuriating Luna girl, and what must
have been the new vessel of the goddess. Blackbone was swathed in
bandages, and beside him Slivermoon didn't look much better. This was a
bit odd, but he didn't grow concerned until he saw Harry looking nearly
in as bad a shape as godfathers.

"Was there another battle while I was away or did you decide to
challenge Blackbone as Head Alpha?" he greeted blandly, inviting himself
into the tent and seating himself beside Harry, across from Blackbone.
Several of the gathered alphas glowered at him for the perceived
impudence, but a sharp gesture from Blackbone had them slinking out of
the tent. Harry looked vaguely amused at this, but was quickly
distracted when Luna draped herself around his shoulders.

Annoyance reared its head as Voldemort watched her casual displays of
affection with his protégé. He couldn't quite forget the one instance
where she had defied his claim to Harry, and he rather got the feeling
she was challenging him yet again.

"Greetings, God Eater," the young goddess said, regarding him with that
same cool omniscience that followed her in which ever vessel she
assumed. He nodded to her.

"My Lady. I hope these last few days have proven…fruitful."

Blackbone snorted. "That's one way of putting it. Harry couldn't stay
out of trouble, of course."

"You're one to talk!"

Luna laughed into Harry's neck, making him giggle and playfully shove
her off. He turned to the Dark Lord.

"Greyback ascended. He's now the werewolf's god of war and has a
fondness for possessing people."

"Yeah, you missed quite the show," Blackbone sneered. Voldemort rather
suspected he had. He weighed the chances of casting legilimens on Harry
without him noticing, and quickly found it unlikely. Maybe…

"So down to business then, so we don't have to bare each other's company
for any longer than necessary," Blackbone continued, and made a gesture
towards Slivermoon, who was all but giving the Dark Lord the evil eye.
"Slivermoon and I have been talking about your little arrangement."

Voldemort's eyes narrowed. "I do hope you are not backing out of our
agreement, my friend. That would be… unfortunate."

The Head Alpha smirked and rested his chin in his hand, his casual
posture revealing an arrogance that matched the Dark Lord's own. "Nah,
I'll keep up my end. No worries there, *friend*. Just a minor detail we
want worked out in advance. We were just thinking about the time in
between missions. It occurs to us that a lot of things can go wrong
during non-combat situations. We want to have one of my people inspect
the living conditions of our troops at least once a month, and report
directly to me."

Voldemort suppressed an eye roll. "Fine. We'll make arrangements.
Anything else?"

Blackbone grinned and Voldemort realized he'd just made a mistake. He
wasn't sure what sort of mistake just yet, but he definitely knew he
had. Blackbone turned to Harry.

"Well, pup, you've just got yourself a new job. Congratulation,
Inspector Harry."

The Gryffindor looked even more surprised by the announcement than
Voldemort did.

"Lord Blackbone," Dark Lord warned, "You can not start randomly
assigning responsibilities to witches or wizards. You don't have that
authority. Besides, Harry has school."

Sirius shrugged, and turned to Jane, who was tilting her head curiously
at this latest development. "Is Harry a part of my pack?"

She blinked. "That is your decision, Lord Blackbone."

"Well, then my decision is that he's part of my pack, and thus under my
authority. He's the only wizard my men or I are going to trust, and the
*only* guy, wizard or werewolf, I know you can't intimidate into lying
to me. As for school, you pull him out of that for you political crap
all the time."

However ineloquently put, Blackbone was right. There was no real reason
to not to have Harry work as an inspector, or rather as an ambassador
between them, and in a lot of ways it provided the training Voldemort
desired his protégé to learn. That didn't mean he was going to agree to
the terms without a price. At the moment, Harry looked too stunned to
say anything one way or the other.

"Very well, I'll agree to this, but I have a few stipulations of my
own."

Blackbone and Slivermoon didn't seem particularly happy about that, but
they listened.

"Your girl here," he said, gesturing towards Luna, who blinked at him.
"As darling as she is, she is getting rather *inappropriately* attached
to *my* protégé. When Harry comes here to make his reports, I expect her
to be elsewhere."

"Wait a minute, you can't do that!" Harry shouted. Voldemort matched his
look of outrage with one of his own.

"You might not give a damn about accidentally knocking up a thirteen
year-old werewolf, but believe me when I say the rest of society is
going to be raising a few objections."

The boy turned dark red, partly out of humiliation and partly out of
anger. "We.. we haven't! We wouldn't! And she'll be fifteen in March!"

"I don't suppose you've taken sex-ed in school yet?" Voldemort asked
idly, and Harry turned even darker. He opened his mouth to protest
again, but Blackbone beat him to it.

"Fine, but she's here for holidays and festivals."

"As long as I'm there to supervise," the Dark Lord threw in, creating an
opportunity to be invited back into the pack's live just as he had been
with Fenrir. Blackbone narrowed his eyes, seeing the demand for what it
was.

"Fine. But I get *all* weekend, Friday nights through Sunday
afternoons."

"Wait a minute!"

"Done!" Voldemort agreed.

"Done," Blackbone concluded.

"The hell it is!" Harry snapped. By now he was livid, looking very close
to setting both men on fire, but before he could spout off a single
curse or launch into an angry monologue, Luna stood and dragged him off.
They men in the tent all watched curiously as she pulled him just far
enough away that they couldn't hear them speaking. Which wasn't to say
it wasn't informative to keep watching them. Harry's face was
expressive; twisting between anger, frustration, surprise, and
reluctance with every word Luna spoke. As for her, they couldn't see her
face, but her hands expressed what her face did not, touching Harry's
arms, ruffling his hair, tugging affectionately as his collar of his
shirt. Then she kissed him, quick and chaste, and pulled away,
disappearing into the crowd almost instantly.

Harry stood there for a long moment, staring out into the crowd,
searching for her tell-tale paleness amongst the masses of tanned
bodies, but she was already gone. He turned back and stalked to the
tent, sinking himself down in his spot. He glared at each of them,
including Morgan.

"And here are *my* stipulations. One, I'm getting *paid*. 4-66 may have
been pro-bono, but if I'm going to have to put up with all of you trying
dictate who I'm dating, I damn well expect to be compensated for it.
Two-" he turned to Voldemort, "I want apparation lessons. There's no way
I'm driving all over the damn countryside for nine hours every month.
And *three*… that's between Sirius and me, and you *will* agree to it,"
he snapped, pointing a finger at Sirius and practically daring him to
contradict him. The Head Alpha wisely did not.

Voldmort opened his mouth to argue.

"*NONNEGOTIABLE!"*

The Dark Lord quickly shut it.

---

The penthouse suite in the Hotel Pont Royale was not a typical choice of
meeting places, but given the variety of places they had been no one was
particularly thrown off by their luxuriant surroundings. Phoebe had
already raided just about anything that wasn't bolted down, and Johan
had rather magnificent view of the Parisian art district, glowing and
bustling even as midnight drew close. Krum was dozing in a chair,
snatching what little sleep he could before he left for another city,
another quidditch match, and another political rally against Voldemort's
impending invasion. Tonks draped a blanket over him and turned the
lights low.

"He's late," Timmons noted, nervous as always. Fredricks just grinned
and helped himself to the liquor cabinet, and poured drinks for the both
of them.

"Only just, my friend."

"He wouldn't be late. Not for something this important."

Johan let out a biting laugh. "Dis is important to you? Don't be
asinine. He has the ears of kings and queens tonight. His pawns can
wait."

"Always such a cheerful fellow," Fredricks chuckled. "He's right though.
Dumbledore has other places he needs to be."

"Which I hope does not make you believe there is any place I'd rather
be."

They all jumped, including Viktor, who had seemed dead to the world only
a moment before. Dumbledore walked through the door to the study, as if
he had been there the entire time, smiling affectionately at them. He
set his hat and traveling cloak on a nearby chair. Beneath them was a
set of robes that could have been found in any of the grand courts and
parliaments across Europe, but looked oddly out of place on one of the
greatest wizards in the last century.

"How did it go?" Tonks asked.

"Rather as I expected," he admitted ruefully, "Her Majesty is quite the
formidable woman, and she was well aware of the dangers she is courting.
Time will tell if she is truly prepared to face them."

"She won't help us?"

"No," Dumbledore said, "But she will not hinder us either, so long as we
do nothing to damage her relations with Voldemort. She's not Seibligg.
She won't rush into anything and assume it will turn out in her favor."

"Speaking of which," Fredricks said, "What *are* we going to do about
Seibligg? The election is in two days, and I don't think Germany can
survive another term under him. Half the Ministry Aurors are threatening
to quit as it is."

Viktor shook his head. "The alternative isn't much better. Ivers is a
pacifist. He might not provoke Britain, but he sure as hell won't stand
up to them either. He'll compromise until Berlin is renamed New London."

"Nevertheless," Dumbledore interjected before a real political debate
broke out, "I believe it is time for a change in regime. What ever Ivers
faults, I do believe he'll try to do what is best for his country. That
is something I can work with.'

'Viktor, I want you in Berlin during the election, rallying for Ivers.
You might not be able to vote yourself, but your presence may be what is
needed to convince the public that Ivers won't simply pander to the Dark
Lord whims. Fredricks, I want you to do what you can from within the
Ministry. Start a few rumors if you must, but I want the rumblings of
the Aurors against Seibligg as public as possible. Tonks, you'll
coordinate. If Seibligg does manage to win the election, we'll need a
quick and quiet getaway in place."

"Vat about the rest of us?" Johan asked, not taking his eyes from the
window.

"I want you all in Linz[^101-1] by tomorrow afternoon. There's a private
militia forming there that I believe holds a great deal of potential,
and I want you to feel them out. I've made arrangements for Timmons to
meet with their commander. I'll leave you and Phoebe to your own
devices."

Phoebe threw a smirk at Johan, who glanced back at her from the corner
of his eye and then pretended he hadn't, gathering up his things and
heading for the door. He had his mission. He'd just as soon get it
started, and avoid the inevitable trivialities of plans, concerns,
socializing, and anything else that kept anything from getting done. He
was barely out the door before three different conversations started at
once, and was more than happy to leave the old goat to his pawns.

---

Linz is the capitol of Upper Austria (*Oberösterreich*) in Austria.
