# The Courtier

Entering Hogwarts for his fifth year was as strange and overwhelming to
Harry as it was during his first. He knew each hallway and tower, almost
all the other students' faces (if not their names), and the thousand
little tricks that allowed veteran students to bypass or take advantage
of the schools innumerable eccentricities, yet he felt everything had
shifted into something slightly different since he was taken and all the
certainties of the previous year were now frail as spider silk.

The hallways and towers held the history of the second semester he had
missed, the stories of battles and gossip and couples sneaking kisses.
The students all looked strangely older and keeping their company,
however brief, was strained and awkward, as if he had been gone for nine
years and not just nine months. Most seemed genuinely pleased that he
was alive and returned safely, but his celebrity status in the political
world had left them baffled on how to approach him. What did you say to
a guy who blended into the sea of students more often than not and at
the same time held the influence to sway the vote of the Wizengamot?
Talking about the next quidditch match or the merit of *noblesse oblige*
each seemed to present their own pitfalls, and they were as confused on
how to treat him as he was them.

There were new tricks to the castle that hadn't been present before
either. Giant stone gargoyles now guarded the entry way to the castle;
their cold eyes followed him as he stepped through the castle portcullis
with Hermione and Draco.

"You get used to it," Hermione said, catching his uneasy look. "They're
enchanted to guard against invaders. Hogwarts had some like this already
guarding the towers, but Lestrange started having a whole bunch of them
put in last spring. I wish you had been here then. I think you would
have made some really nice ones. All mine look like demented monkeys."

"*Make* *them*? You mean the students made these things? How many are
there? Why not hire professionals?"

"And waste perfectly free student labor?" Draco sneered, obviously
bitter about the matter for what ever reason.

"What's going on?" he asked. Hermione sighed.

"There's been work done on the castle in the last months of second
semester, and a lot of it was done in the guise of student coursework.
Draco isn't the only one who feels we were taken advantage of. Some of
the things we did would have earned an artist or professional enchanter
several galleons, and all we got was the threat of failing a class. The
gargoyles aren't the half of it."

"And what do you think?"

"…I think we learned a lot of practical and useful things we wouldn't
have otherwise," she said, ignoring Draco's irritated snort. "But I also
think we should have been compensated in some way. Not necessarily
money, but… I don't know. A party? A special field trip? Something to
acknowledge what we did for the school."

Harry wondered if he could have done something he had been there.
Blackmail Lestrange? Technically, he still had her last attack on him
hanging over her head, and that had kept her successfully away from him
but would it have been enough to force her into making concessions? He
didn't know, but with his latest successes in politics he might have the
power to do something if she tried to take advantage of everyone again.

He was jarred from his thoughts when someone rammed against him,
knocking him to the ground and nearly tripping up Hermione as well. He
landed heavily on all fours, the stone floor bruising his knees and
scrapping his hands painfully.

"Watch where you're going, Potter!" someone sneered.

"You're the moron who ran into me!" Harry snarled, jumping to his feet
and spinning around. Dorian Whitmore, possibly the biggest boy in the
school towered above him, his beefy arms crossed over his chest.
Whitmore was a sixth year Gryffindor last year, although not the sort
that particularly impressed Harry. He was a big and moderately
intelligent, which led him to be something of a bully, usually to
Slytherins but occasionally Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws as well. It
appeared as if he had decided to include Harry to his list of targets
for whatever reason.

"Sorry, Potter. I didn't see you there. I would have thought with all
the time you spend with werewolves, you might have gained a little of
their reflexes and instincts but I guess not," he said, his voice
dripping with condescension.

Harry just looked at him like the idiot he was. "Riiii-ght."

Hermione gave him a warning look. "Don't, Harry."

"I didn't do anything."

"Yet," she said knowingly.

Students were starting to slow down their trek to the Great Hall in
order to watch what was going on. Whitmore was still standing there as
if he expected something, and Harry had no intention of walking around
him. His pride wouldn't allow him to surrender the unspoken challenge
the larger boy had set down.

"What do you want Witless? I mean Whitmore. You're blocking the hall."

Whitmore stepped up to him, towering nearly a two heads over him, and
leaned in so that their noses nearly touched. Hermione instinctively
stepped away, but Harry held his ground and stared straight back at him.
If the fool thought his physical stature would intimidate Harry, he
obviously hadn't considered the sort of people Harry hung out with on a
routine basis. This guy had nothing on Fenrir Greyback. Or Snape for
that matter when he was in one of his moods.

"I want you," Whitmore hissed, too low for most of the other students to
overhear. "To spend a full moon with your fucking monsters and then tell
me they deserve to live. If you're still alive to tell anyone anything."

Harry burst out laughing, causing Whitmore to jerk back in surprise.

"*A* full moon, Whitmore? I've spent more than one full moon in the
company of werewolves. Did you know their fur feels like a real wolf's?
The top coat is wiry and rough, but the undercoat? Soft as rabbit."

The larger boy paled.

"You… you *freak*!"

It had been years since anyone had called him that, not since his three
year stint with the Dursley's, but it felt like peeling off a scab.
Hermione's hand tightening on his shoulder was probably the only thing
that saved Harry from doing something very foolish… in front of
McGonagall no less.

"MR. WHITMORE!"

Everyone turned at once toward the other side of the hall. McGonagall's
tall, rigid frame was easy to make out amongst the sea of students, and
her expression was livid. She cast piercing look at the students
loitering about, and they quickly began moving again towards the Great
Hall, stopping only to let her pass as she made her way towards the two
troublemakers.

"Mr. Whitmore, I would remind you that as a new seventh year, you set an
example to all your underclassmen, and that example should not involve
juvenile name calling. Since you seem to need some reminder of proper
seventh year conduct, we will discuss it further in detention. Monday, 5
o'clock sharp."

The older Gryffindor's ears burned with her chastisement, and he mumbled
a quick 'yes, professor', before hurrying off. Harry smirked, but
quickly hid it when McGonagall turned her displeasure on him.

"What precisely was that all about, Mr. Potter?"

"Er… Political differences, Professor. I don't think he cares for
werewolves very much."

The old witch pursed her lips. "Ah, that would explain it. I doubt he
will be the last to confront you. For now, I will simply remind you that
while you are entitled to your opinion and they are entitled to theirs,
you must still conduct yourselves appropriately. I better not find you
started tossing around hexes in the hallways because of someone else's
careless comments."

Harry shrugged. "If anyone starts tossing hexes, I won't be the one to
start it."

"See to it that you are not. What I said to Mr. Whitmore about setting a
good example applies to you as well, more so, in fact, than it does him.
Carry on, Mr. Potter."

"Thank you, Professor."

Harry continued on with Hermione and Draco, who was glaring back at
McGonagall but didn't say anything.

"You know she's right," Hermione said, earning her a sour look from both
boys. She just rolled her eyes at them. "You're famous, Harry. Lots of
people looked up to you before… what? They did! All the rookies in
Dueling Club adore you! Not to mention… anyway, you do need to watch how
you behave. If you start having fights with every Whitmore who tries to
start something, others are going to start doing the same thing just to
impress you."

"It's true," Draco said, surprising Harry. "Luckily you already killed
that last dragon or we'd have a lot of very crispy classmates."

Harry rolled his eyes. They made it to the Great Hall without further
incident. There was the predictable amount of staring and whispering at
his back, but this wasn't the first time he had been forced to deal with
it. *Freak* echoed in the back of his head, the voice a mixture of the
Dursley's and Whitmore's. He did his best to ignore it, and once the
Sorting Hat began started off the night's sorting, it was easy enough to
drown it out with cheering and clapping for the new first years.

At the teacher's table Harry could see Lockhart, but also a few other
faces he did not recognize. One was a middle aged man, his expression
benign, his shoulder length hair a few shades darker than Weasley red.
He wore Druidic robes, and Harry felt a pang of grief when he realized
that he must be Brennan's replacement. Sitting beside Snape, was another
stranger, dressed rather lavishly for a teacher in a tailored suit and
robes that complimented even his rounded physique and an impressive
walrus-like beard that distracted from his shiny bald head. He had to be
the new DA&D instructor, and looking at his less than impressive
physique gave Harry a sinking feeling that he had been sent by the Court
just as Umbridge had. He would ask Hermione what she knew about him
later.

With the first years sorted, it was finally time for the Headmistress to
address the students (Voldemort was too busy for once to make an
appearance for which Harry was secretly grateful). There were the usual
warnings to the first years about the Forbidden Forest,an announcement
that *internal* construction on the new Hogwart's wing would be
continuing and certain sections of the castle were off limit to all
students, and quiddtich would be resuming as usual this year. Then she
finally got around to introducing the new teachers.

"With the re-opening of the DA&D position, I have been forced to do a
little rearranging with the professors. Professor Severus Snape will now
be teaching Dark Arts and Defense, and Professor Horace Slughorn, our
previous potions professor, has come out of retirement to take up his
old post."

There was round of uncertain applause. Potions without Snape appealed to
most students, but having him in a class that likely involved curses was
more than a little unnerving.

Harry blinked in surprise and turned to Snape, who was smirking at him.
The sneaky bastard! He hadn't mentioned this at all! He tried to imagine
what DA&D would be like under Snape. It couldn't be too different from
Dueling Club could it? Except with homework. Mountains of homework.

He looked to Slughorn to reassess him based on this newest information.
He too was looking at Harry, but it was with an expression he didn't
know how to read. Uncertainty, maybe?

"Admiral Gilderoy Lockhart is on loan to us from the British Assembly of
Cultural Preservation and Protection to teach a new class, Introduction
to Military Training, open to all seventh years interested in becoming
Sentinels or soldiers."

Lockhart stood and beamed at the gathered students, preening as several
girls let out longing sighs and the hearty round of applause. Harry was
seriously tempted to chuck a roll at him. He very briefly considered
doing that to Snape, but even in his head his sense of self-preservation
told him what a very bad idea that was.

---

McGunny walked through Valkyrie Square, soaking up the sun and trying to
banish the corrupting darkness of the vampire world he had been
subjected to. Tom's power over him had increased, and the nights now
belonged to the charming devil as he looked on through eyes he no longer
controlled. He had seen things in the last month that he had never
imagined, and never wanted to.

*We're not here to sightsee, Horace.*

"Shut up, Tom," he muttered under his breath. "You might enjoy living
like a ghoul, but I don't. I'm going to enjoy myself while I can."

He purposely spent several minutes watching the large fountain at the
center of the square as statues of giant winged horses frolicking and
splashing playfully at its center. He took what meager satisfaction he
could out of Tom's growing impatience.

This was the first time he had been let out of the apartment. Not that
any of the vampires could have kept him there against his will, being
weak as kittens during the day and vulnerable to magic. It was just the
first time he had a legitimate excuse to leave the protection of
Katarina and her clan, having been provided with all that he could
possibly require. It was also the first time he felt legitimately alone
enough to talk to Tom. No one bothered him during the day, but he never
felt comfortable speaking out loud even in an empty room. Vampire
strength waned during the day. Vampire hearing did not.

"Are you really Voldemort's grandson?"

Tom howled in laughter, making him feel small and absurd for even
asking.

*No, absolutely not. As if he would have associated with filthy muggle
whores. I am actually older than Voldemort, at least as you know him
now.*

"What does that mean?"

*He killed me,* Tom growled, sidestepping his question. *I have a right
to take revenge.*

That certainly explained any animosity the spirit held against the Dark
Lord.

"How exactly? How does tricking the vampires into serving him help you
do that?"

*I am going to take his place. I'm going to take the Dark Lord's body
and rule in his stead. It will only help me to strengthen his position
in the world until I destroy him from the inside.*

"You're mad. He'll destroy you. He'll destroy all of us," McGunny said,
terrified and hopeful all at once. He didn't want to be a part of Tom's
grand schemes, and the more he uncovered them the more appealing
self-destruction was starting to look.

*The vampires will provide me the opportunity and the resources I need
to get close to the Dark Lord. They will produce the chaos necessary to
create opportunity.*

"How?"

*You'll see. Now go over there, to the building with the statue in front
of it. I think that's where we'll find what we're looking for.*

McGunny sighed and did as instructed. He didn't really know what Tom was
looking for or why, but if it left him free to spend a majority of the
day outside in the sun, surrounded by people of the living variety he
was willing to run a few. Even if he had a feeling he was going to
regret it later.

---

Settling back into his old school routine was difficult even before it
had really started. Once ensconced in the familiar surroundings of
Gryffindor tower, his entire House had seen fit to pounce on him for a
full debriefing regarding his kidnapping and eventual escape, keeping
him up well into the night until McGonagall had shown up and sent
everyone to bed. He had been grateful until he climbed into bed and
discovered it had an Itching Curse on it. It was a petty prank and easy
enough to fix, but it left him paranoid for the rest of the night. He
suspected Whitmore, but it could just as easily been someone else, even
his own dorm mates.

He barely slept, and the first thing he did upon awakening was re-ward
his trunk and place protection charms on his bed. The same ones he'd
used at Durmstrang, and the idea that he might have to live like that
again did as much to exhaust him as his sleepless night.

He met Natalie in the Great Hall for breakfast, both of them being some
of the first students up. Natalie was now a prefect, which shouldn't
have surprised Harry as much as it did. She was as excellent student and
more than happy to boss people around. Draco and Hermione would also
have been prefects again, but they had other activities that made the
additionally responsibility impossible.

"Do you want me to bug him?" Natalie asked after he told her about his
confrontation with Whitmore. He hadn't mentioned the Itching Curse. He
didn't want the culprit to even know it had worked, let alone was still
bothering him.

Harry grinned at her. "So you can get in my good graces and still deduct
points from Gryffindors? I don't think so. Besides, don't you think it's
a little earlier to begin abusing your authority?"

"Don't you think you're playing the martyr by not letting your friends
help? Opportunity only knocks once."

"Thanks, but I think McGonagall has seen that justice was served."

She let it drop and they discussed classes they were interested in
taking. It was a lot more fun to do this with Natalie than with his
other friends. Hermione took everything too seriously, Draco too
contemptuously, and Clyde was clueless more often than not. They talked
and laughed over simple school things, and Harry forgot about his
worries for at least a little while.

Harry was a bit annoyed to find he had potions first thing in the
morning with Professor Slughorn, who he still had reservations about.
Hermione only knew that he had taught at Hogwarts for nearly fifty years
before his retirement during the war. He had kept a low profile during
the fighting and after until he had shown up last night.

"I'll write to Narcissa to see what she knows," Hermione said. "He had
to have taught when she was going to school."

Draco had a somewhat better idea. "Don't bother. I'll write to father
myself, and then we can get a reply from the both of them. Uncle Severus
might know some things, but I doubt he'll have kept tabs on him after he
graduated."

"You're all paranoid loonies," Clyde said, exasperated.

"Considering Obltiz was a spy, Larousse wanted to adopt me, McNair was
pure evil and Umbridge was a pink toad, I think I'm entitled to be
concerned about Headmistress's hiring standards," Harry pointed out.
*Not to mention Brennan used me to try and assassinate the Dark Lord.*

"Touché, mate."

They entered the potion's lab, and immediately hesitated. The dungeons
had always had a gloomy chill to them and the potion's lab was no
exception… until today. It was still cool, but it was of the pleasant
variety and the classroom somehow seemed a little brighter than anyone
remembered it. It almost looked… non-dungeon-like.

"Holy Hellhounds," Clyde remarked, baffled by the change in atmosphere.
"If Snape's absence affects the dungeon's this much, I wonder what his
presence has done to the Dark Art's classroom."

"You'll get your chance to find out, Houghton," Draco sneered.

"Is that young Mr. Malfoy I hear?" came an unfamiliar voice, which was
soon followed by Professor Slughorn stepping out from behind a cabinet
door. "Ah, and gracious me you've brought friends."

He looked at each of them, his thick mustache curled up in an affable
smile. Harry stiffened. People who were happy to meet him for the first
time brought up nearly as much suspicion as those who presented too much
hostility.

"You've all arrived here ahead of your classmates. A sign of ambition
and studiousness if ever I saw one. Traits that deserve encouragement.
Why don't you sit down and take out your books. There's something I'd
like for you to do."

They gave each other uncertain looks but did as he instructed. Draco and
Hermione sat at the front middle table and Harry and Clyde sat to their
right. When they all had their books out in front of them, Slughorn
spoke again.

"Now then, since you four are the first of my students to arrive, I am
going to have you help me decide on the lesson for today. I would like
each of you to select a potion from your book, any potion at all before
chapter twelve. When the rest of the class arrives they will vote among
your selections. Keep in mind you will be able to keep any potion you
brew after it has been graded. You have five minutes."

They each shared a quick look, then quickly sorted through their books.
In the five minutes that went by, half of the class finally arrived, but
aside from looking at them curiously they didn't express any real
interest in what they were doing..

"Time's up," Slughorn said. "Have you made your selections? How about
Mr. Malfoy? Ah, the Belfax Heating Potion[^93-1], a tricky potions sure to
impress even your father and Professor Snape, both men known for their
exacting standards. You Miss Granger of Malfoy? Evergreen Potion, I
should have known. By far the most ingenious potion in the whole book.
McGonagall said your desire for ever greater heights of understanding
were limitless."

Draco smirked and accepted the praise with his usual ungracious
preening, while Hermione flushed with pleasure. Slughorn turned Harry
and Clyde.

"I'm terrible sorry, young man, your name is one the tip of my tongue
but I just can't quite," he started staring at Clyde who was closest.

"Er… Houghton, Clyde Houghton of the Stone family, sir."

"Oh, of course! I know your grandparents. Bernadette and Xavier! Tell
me, does your grandfather still make those beautiful grandfather clocks?
You know he gave me one when he first started his business, and it still
runs perfectly."

Clyde blinked at him in surprise. "Why, yes sir, he still tinkers. It's
more of a hobby now. He leaves most of the work to his apprentices, but
he's still making designs."

"Well next time you see or write to them, tell them Horace says hello.
Now what did you pick? Recitation Draught? Ha ha, hoping to quote some
poetry to one of the bonnie lasses, are you? Ha, ha."

He looked to Harry, who was regarding him suspiciously. There was a
moment of hesitation, but not exactly fear, merely a moment to plan his
approach. Harry pointed to the potion he had selected from his book.

"Wound-cleaning potion? Hhhmmm… that's a bit middle of the road. Any
particular reason you would choose that potion, Mr. Potter?"

"I want to send it to my godfathers."

Slughorn blinked and then smiled. His expression was more that of relief
than the friendliness he had shown to his friends, and Harry wondered if
he hadn't just passed some unspoken test. "I see. You know, when I
taught your mother to brew Rhumid's Draught, the first thing she did was
send it to her grandmother? The Ministry nearly had a conniption fit
when they found out she had tried to send a powerful potion like that to
a *muggle*. She never did apologize for it either. She cared for her
family as fiercely as any pureblood I ever new, and never would have
apologized for it. I see you take after her in that respect."

Harry's voice caught in his throat, his eyes widening. Slughorn knew his
mother? Of course he did, he was teacher at the time she was at school,
but so were McGonagall and Flitwick and even Snape had been in the same
year as her and they never spoke her like Slughorn did. No one talked
about her, period. He wondered for a moment why he had never asked.

Harry fell into a daze. Hermione noticed right away and quickly changed
places with Clyde so they didn't end up blowing each other up. The rest
of the class arrived and voted on the Recitation Potion, likely for the
same reason Clyde picked it. It was the easiest of the four choices.
There was a brief lecture on the potion, and then the potions master set
them off to work.

Harry prepared the ingredients, endless detentions with Snape making the
preparation a thoughtless process, and wondered at Slughorn's reference
to his mother. It took him a while to realize it was a calculated
maneuver on his part, just like the flattery of his friends had been
calculated. Once he realized this, he began to take watch Slughorn out
of the corner of his eye and listen to him with half an ear. The potions
teacher wandered about the room correcting or complimenting a potion
with the same genial tone, easing the students' minds as he went. Every
so often he would stop at a particular student's work station and make
brief conversation over the person's family or school achievement. There
was nothing sly or misleading in his approach, and for all intents and
purposes he just seemed like a friendly guy interested in his student's
lives.

It made Harry nervous.

"Harry, are you alright?" Hermione asked quietly, as they waited for
their potion to start boiling before they could add anymore ingredients.
"You've been really quiet since he mentioned your mother…"

Harry shook his head. "I don't know… I don't like him trying to use her
as a conversation piece."

"Oh, Harry, I don't think he… I don't think he meant to be
disrespectful. He seemed genuinely sad that she was…gone."

Yes, he got that feeling too, which was half the reason he couldn't sort
himself out. It was one thing if Slughorn was just sharing story about
his mother out of genuine fondness, but something else altogether if he
was trying to express some false sympathy with him.

With Hermione's help they managed to finish a successful potion. They
bottled their brews and turned them in on Slughorn's desk, but before
Harry could walk away the potions master stopped him.

"Just a moment, Harry, before I forget. The Headmistress informed me
that I would need to perform an assessment to make sure your potion
instruction at Durmstrang meets Hogwart's requirements. Are you free
this Thursday, around seven?"

Harry's thoughts scrambled at the unexpected approach. His first
instinct was to say no, to prevent being trapped alone with a stranger,
but he did need to do his assessment and he couldn't think of any reason
why he would need Thursday evening off during the first week of school.

"Er… sure. Thursday at seven is great."

"Excellent. I'll see you then."

---

"Are you alright?" Natalie asked, looking across the checkered blanket
at Harry. As per tradition, they were all enjoying their first lunch at
school outside. Hermione had already left for some lunch meeting with
the Hogwarts Herald staff, and Clyde was running away from Draco across
the lawn for some rude comment on his hair style. Ron was there as well,
but was quietly looking off in the distance across the lake. Anger had
faded to apathy for the youngest Weasley son, and that was something
they were all more comfortable dealing with. Ginny had come and gone,
stuttering something about Gerald St. James, a sixth year Hufflepuff she
was apparently dating. That left Harry and Natalie to make conversation.
He was enjoying himself, the warmth of the sun and the company around
him doing much to lighten his mood, but he still felt distracted by what
happened that morning in potions. "Did Slughorn say something to you?
You looked bothered when I arrived. I don't think you even noticed I was
there."

He smiled apologetically to her. "Sorry, it's nothing. I'm just
wondering if I can trust him or not."

"You think he might be another psycho teacher?"

"Psycho? No. Manipulative? Yeah."

"He is a charmer. You should ask Snape about him. The guy was his Head
of House once upon a time."

Harry frowned. He had resolved that the next time he saw Snape he'd give
the greasy git a piece of his mind for not warning of the abrupt faculty
change. If he was going to ask for the man's advice, he was going to
have to give up the opportunity to vent at the man first.

Discussing the matter with Hermione on their way to DA&D brought things
into perspective.

"Are you *really* to go up to Professor Snape and *demand* an
explanation for not receiving special treatment? I think you're pushing
it just asking him about Slughorn. If he thought the man was a threat he
would have told you in advance."

"Not necessarily," Harry muttered. "Snape tends to wait for me to
approach him rather than volunteer information. Either it doesn't occur
to him to tell me or he gets some sort of power kick out of it."

Hermione just rolled her eyes and called him a dramatist.

Entering the DA&D classroom was even more jarring than entering the
potion's lab. It was still recognizable, the desks and the various
displays of Dark Artifacts and cabinets chained shut, but there were
some changes. For one, there were several new displays, including a
chart on plants commonly found in poisons, several glowing orbs about
the size of tennis balls, and many more items Harry couldn't identify.
The back of the room had been expanded and emptied of everything except
some mats on the floor and walls, which he suspected would be used for
practical displays. Most striking of all was the desks.

They were radiating magic.

"Hermione, wait-"

Too late he turned to warn Hermione, but she had already sat down. He
stared at her wide eyed, and she frowned at him in concern. She opened
her mouth to say something but nothing came out. Her eyes widened as
well.

It wasn't till then that they noticed the dozen other students already
sitting down and staring at them glumly. Hermione tried to get up from
her seat, but found herself stuck.

"I do believe the desks have been cursed, Hermione," Harry said, trying
very hard not to laugh as she bounced in her seat trying to break free.
She glared at him.

"You are correct, Mr. Potter," Snape said evenly, although there seemed
to be some underlying irritation. Harry suspected he was disappointed
that *all* the Gryffindors hadn't been forced to sit down and shut up.
"I should like to know how you figured it out so quickly."

Harry smirked. "I can feel the magic. Like feeling humidity or smelling
ozone before it rains."

"Magus hypersensia. The ability to detect magic as one or more of the
five senses. A very useful skill. Have you been drinking any potions
lately?"

"Er… not that I know of. Why?"

"You will find out during lecture. Now take your seat."

"But they're all-"

"Cursed to make you sit silently. Oh, the horror."

Harry glared at Snape's back as the man returned to his desk. He turned
to a desk next to Hermione, and cast a few curse detection spells he had
learned during his semester of Curse Breaking at Durmstrang. Sure enough
he found a silencing curse and a sticking charm, and deactivated both
before sitting down and casting the same thing on Hermione. She let out
an irritated huff.

"Of all the silly…" she muttered, but didn't finish. She looked at him
speculatively. "I didn't know you had magus hypersensia. When did that
happen?"

"You make it sound like have some sort of fungal infection. And I don't
know. I always thought I had it, but I've only been able to sense magic
consistently since…"

Since the Winter Solstice Ritual.

"…second year, I think."

She looked ready to question him further, but Snape was already starting
class. As Harry predicted, Snape ran DA&D the same way he ran Dueling
Club, emphasizing a disciplined and thorough approach as highlighted in
their syllabus with a heavy dose of personal responsibility for ensuring
their own safety. Getting stuck to their desks and silenced definitely
ensured that everyone paid close attention as he lectured, especially
when he assured them that there would be similar tests in alertness
throughout the year and not all of them would be as painless.

"For the next three weeks, we will be studying the various ways of
detecting curses and defensive charms. There are many resources
available that will help you avoid the situation you currently find
yourselves in," Snape said, smirking a bit at the angry students
squirming in their seats. "*Finite Incantatem omnus*."

There was an audible sigh that rang through the classroom as they were
all released from the spells.

"Perhaps the most convenient means is magus hypersensia, the ability to
sense magic as one or more of the five senses, which allowed Mr. Potter
to avoid your unenviable fates."

Harry stiffened in his chair as he felt several eyes fall on him, none
of them particularly friendly.

"Magus hypersensia can be induced temporarily by ingesting certain
potions and through the use of magical artifacts. There are spells that
have some limited success but are ultimately unreliable. Many witches
and wizards, particularly those who practice the Dark Arts or are
frequently exposed to strong magic, develop magus hypersensia naturally,
theoretically as a subconscious survival mechanism against harmful
magic. A rare case does emerge every so often where a witch or wizard is
*born* magically sensitive, but this usually occurs along the bloodlines
of Seers and Prophets."

*I guess it makes sense,* Harry decided, *that I would be sensitive to
magic after screwing around with*gods*.*

The rest of the lecture went on to other detection methods, many of them
Harry was already familiar with from Curse Breaking. The last half of
the lecture was a practical in the use of Orbis Comperius, the magical
orbs Harry had noted at the beginning of class, that could not only
sense spells but would turn different colors depending on the type of
spell and ever darkening shades depending on how strong the spell was.
They were made to go around to a dozen magical objects that had
different spells on them and write down their color and intensity,
informed by Snape exactly what spell was cast on each object, and then
made to write a brief explanation on why the orbs turned that particular
color for that particular curse according to the information in their
books. On top of that, they were given another assignment to find three
different methods of detecting curses that they hadn't discussed in
class.

By the time the lecture was done, everyone was tired and bitter with
their long assignments on the first day of class, except for Hermione of
course, who was all enthusiasm and Harry who had had nearly identical
assignments at Durmstrang.

"Professor."

Snape didn't even bother to look at him as he proceeded to re-curse the
desks for his next class. This time it was a Sneezing Curse.

"What Potter?"

"I was wondering if I could talk to you about Professor Slughorn."

Now Snape did look at him, his expression shrewd.

"What about him?"

"I...Is he a trustworthy person?"

The potions master's expression became very bland, very quickly.

"I mean… he said something before potion's class today… about my
mother."

"What precisely did he say?" Now the professor's countenance had shifted
to alert and defensive, a complete turn around from the moment before.

"He said she cared about her family and would never apologize for it,
and he told some story about her sending Rhumid's Draught to her
grandmother."

Snape smirked, and looked away. "Yes, I remember that. The Ministry
threw a fit. They wanted the Headmaster to suspend her, but he never
did. All the teacher's loved her."

"Did Slughorn?"

Looking back to Harry, his expression hardened again. "I think what
you're really asking is if Slughorn means to use your parent's memory to
harm you. I can honestly say it is unlikely. He is not a cruel or
vindictive man, but he is a manipulator. He will use your
vulnerabilities and your pride to collect you."

"Collect me?"

"Yes. He enjoys collecting people. It's a very lucrative hobby of his.
Voldemort brought him out of retirement specifically for his collection
skills."

"Why?"

"For social networking purposes. Hogwarts is thick with talented and
powerful witches and wizards, boys and girls who will graduate to run
the country. Professors, researchers, politicians, sentinels, writers,
athletes, businessman. People who will go on to influence and lead
hundreds, maybe thousands of others, and who will only grow more
powerful by the associates they make here in this school. Hogwarts
itself works hard to promote loyalty to the Dark Lord and Britain, which
makes its students' influence on the rest of Britain that much more
desirable. You in particular would benefit from the support of your
peers now and in the future."

Harry blinked. Whatever he had been expecting it certainly hadn't been
this. He didn't quite know how to react to it. Snape turned away from
him again to continue with what he was doing.

"You would do well to take advantage of his interest, which will bring
mutual benefits to you both. The Dark Lord desires it."

"Oh, well, since it's what the Dark Lord desires," Harry said
sarcastically. Then he thought of something. "Did bringing in Slughorn
force you to take the DA&D position?"

Snape stiffened.

"You should go now."

Harry very wisely made his retreat.

---

"I am sorry, Minister, but I'm afraid there is nothing I can do,"
Dumbledore said evenly, staring across the desk at Seibligg who was
becoming an ever deepening shade of red. After months spent hiding in
Greece, the old wizard had seen the situation deteriorate in Germany to
the point where he felt reasonably confident that Seibligg would speak
with him.

Several hundred small businesses in Germany that had been depending on
its sales with France were now preparing for bankruptcy, and that was
affecting everyone. The banks had put a hold on lending, home sales were
down, newly graduated students with loans were finding it difficult to
find work, and the people were trying to save rather spend which only
worsened the situation. It was only going to get worse and everyone knew
it.

And everyone blamed Seibligg.

Oh, there were a few who supported his anti-werewolf campaign and more
who supported his anti-Voldemort attitude, but it was just barely enough
to keep him in office and reasonably protected by his own Aurors. Soon
the public would demand he step down, and once he did that he had no
illusions about his safety. He would be dead within the year, either by
assassins or an embittered mob.

His only hope had been Dumbledore, who most of the public didn't even
know was alive, but who was quickly becoming the proverbial saint who
could have lead them all through darkness if he had made himself known.

"You've sown poison into your own garden. There is no way for me to save
your political career and frankly, there is no reason why I should. If,
however, you are willing to gracefully step down from your office I am
willing to place you under my protection," Dumbledore offered.

Seibligg didn't appreciate it one bit.

"You… You, self righteous old fool! The Triwizard Tournament was *your*
idea! Potter escaped because of *you!* You got me into this mess, you
damn well better get me out again," he snarled.

"The matter of the Triwizard Tournament was barely an issue until *you*
threatened Mr. Potter and sent him running back to Britain and called
the whole matter into question. Likewise, your persecution of the
werewolves was ill planned. The initial enthusiasm for tightening
werewolf restrictions quickly turned to disgust as the public was forced
to face the consequences of their own petty fears. Saying you will hunt
down Death Eater werewolves is one thing. Publically beating women and
children in the streets is something else altogether. Voldemort's treaty
with France, on the other hand, was sheer genius on his part. Not even I
had realized he had an ongoing dialogue with the Queen."

Seibligg could only sit there and glare, disarmed by the truth.
Dumbledore wasn't going to help him. His offer to protect him was flimsy
at best. Once he stepped down, Dumbledore would likely throw him to the
wolves in order to promote the candidate of his choosing. Maybe he would
even run for Minister himself, even without the little technicality
known as citizenship.

The only way to save himself was to stay in office long enough to
organize a turn around.

"Minister, you've made a mess of things and you are not capable of
fixing them. For once in your life, do something for the benefit of your
countrymen. Step down before you're dragged down and take everyone else
with you. A legal re-election could reunite the country and bring about
an administration fit to deal with the current political climate. If you
wait any longer, you will only bring chaos and civil. That is just what
Voldemort wants."

"Get out."

Dumbledore just looked at him, looking neither surprised or angry.
Finally he stood and left, leaving Seibligg feeling more desperate than
before. Why hadn't the old man begged? He should have begged for him to
reconsider, to think of the people, to relinquish his power. He hadn't
though. Perhaps Dumbledore didn't think he had enough power left to beg
for.

"I'll show you," he snarled under his breath. "I am the Minister. No one
has more power here than I do. It's about damn time everyone else
remembered that."

---

By the end of the week, the awkwardness of Harry's new celebrity status
had faded into tolerable levels. There were a few confrontations and
snide remarks about werewolves from others, but nothing he couldn't
forget about at the end of the day. If anything the sudden increase of
female admirers was harder to handle. More than once a girl had pulled
him aside to ask if he had plans for the weekend or knew who he was
going to the Halloween Party with, and he could do little more than
stand there and ogle them until Hermione or one of his friends rescued
him (although the Weasley twins following him around and pretending to
be his secretaries in charge of his social calendar for most of Friday
had been more annoying than helpful).

His assessment with Slughorn hadn't been as painfully awkward as he
thought it would be, and he left the man's office with a few more
stories about his mother and the assurance that he wouldn't need any
additional tutoring for potions.

His other classes had mixed results. He would essentially have to retake
the second half of fourth year History of Magic and Astronomy (it was so
overcast at Durmstrang most of the time that the subject wasn't even
offered there). He only got through runes because he had a strong enough
knowledge of it beforehand that he was about even with everyone else
once he returned. He also broke even with transfigurations and
herbology. He was actually ahead in charms, arithmancy, and DA&D (but
then almost everyone in Dueling Club was). He had already elected to
take Introductory to Magical First Aid again since he had missed it the
year before, and Introduction to Magical Theory. Second semester
involved a mandatory Sex Education class that Harry was dreading.

He had dropped Celtic studies. He went to one class, and knew
immediately he couldn't stay. The new teacher, Professor Alexander
Seamus, had looked at him through the entire class as if he had killed
Brennan himself.

It was just as well. He had moved beyond what someone like Seamus could
teach him.

Now it was the second Wednesday of the school year and Harry was at the
first *varsity*Dueling Club practice of school year. Cedric Diggory had
been forced to step down as team captain because he was too old to
participate in competitions and Ron had lost his captain's status with
the rollover, leaving Angelina Johnson in charge. The attack she had
suffered during Harry's second year had made her almost semi-paranoid
and an avid fan of self-defense. If he had been impressed with her on
the quidditch pitch, it was nothing compared to his admiration for her
on the dueling platform. She was efficient, ruthless, and adaptable.

He was less impressed when he found out Lockhart was sitting in for
Snape, and was already making things unbearable.

"While I've never *officially* been a part of a Dueler's Association, I
*am* an Admiral and you don't get that sort of position without knocking
a few heads together," Lockhart preened, walking up and down the dueling
platform like a model on the catwalk, soaking up that dazed, smiling
faces of adolescent girls.

Harry seriously hoped he would get over himself in time for them to
actually get some *practice*in. Beside him, Hermione was scribbling
ideas in her notebook for the first edition of Hogwarts Herald due next
Sunday and next to her Draco and Natalie (she had quit Riding Club after
rather nasty fall off a Hippogryff) were having a thumb war (which she
won by stabbing Draco with her nail).

"I've found that fighting with a bit of a flare does wonders for
increasing your chances of winning. A show of absolute confidence will
intimidate your adversary… and impress anyone who just happens to be
watching," Lockhart laughed, flipping his wavy, golden hair over his
shoulder. Harry quickly looked elsewhere before he got violently ill.

His gaze found Ron, at the other end of the Dueling Hall, casting spells
at his dummy. He wasn't saying the words out loud, just moving his lips,
which was the only reason no one else had noticed him up until now.
Harry felt himself reluctantly admiring his cleverness, but quickly
realized the other boy wasn't having much luck. Whatever he was casting
didn't seem to have nearly as much strength as his spells cast out loud,
and his dummy just wobbled a bit on its stand and nothing else.

"Now who would like to come up and have a match with me? Anyone? I
promise not to be too hard on-"

"*Spira mobilis!*" rang out through the hall as Ron, finally fed up with
his failed attempts at wordless magic, finally snapped it out. The dummy
he sent the hex at spun around like a top for several seconds and fell
over. Everyone turned and stared. Ron looked back them and scowled.

"What? I'm not allowed to practice?" he snarled.

"Well," Lockhart said, his tone a bit irritated after having his
limelight stolen. "Why don't you come up here to practice with me since
you are so eager?"

Ron smiled unpleasantly. "I'd be *honored*."

Lockhart actually smiled at that, completely missing the sarcasm. Harry
looked to his friends. Hermione shared his worried expression, but
Natalie and Draco looked more than happy by this little turn of events.

"Oh, this should be fun no matter who loses," Natalie chuckled.

Ron and Lockhart both got into position, and saluted each other.
Lockhart, however, was almost immediately distracted by someone shouting
'go Lockhart!' and Ron's hex hit him before he could get a shield up.

"*Spira mobilis!*"

The spell sent Lockhart spinning like a top and when he stopped he was
dizzy and staggered and sent a Petrifying charm straight into a window.

"*Turbulentus!*"

The platform beneath the admiral surged up and knocked the man off his
feet and painfully onto his back.

"*Amburo!*"

"Ron, no!" Hermione shouted, jumping to her feet. It was too late.
Lockhart's robes had already caught fire, and the wizard panicked and
flailed about trying to beat out the flames. Harry stood, ready to cast
the counterspell, but before he could someone beat him to it.

"*Madefacio!*" The Soaking Spell washed over Lockhart, dousing the
flames with a loud hiss. Snape stalked across the room and onto the
stage, snatching Ron's wand out of his hand as he passed. "You will get
this back *after* we discuss the merits of self restraint, Mr. Weasley."

He moved on to Lockhart who remained on his back, too dazed to move. His
robes were scorched and wet and thoroughly ruined, but he didn't appear
hurt. Snape didn't look the least bit sympathetic.

"Are you injured, *Professor*?"

"Er…I… don't…"

"Yes, Mr. Weasley is something of a spitfire. I suppose I should have
warned you," he said, then looked around at the students who had all
gotten to their feet. "I need volunteers to take Admiral Lockhart to the
infirmary."

Several girls raised their hands, but Snape ignored them and selected
Cedric another seventh year boy to help carry him away. Harry glared up
at Snape suspiciously. It seemed more than a little convenient that the
man should just happen to show up when needed, especially when he had
told Lockhart that he wouldn't be able to attend practice at all that
day.

He turned to Hermione to ask her opinion, but she was gone, disappeared
amongst the crowd of students during the excitement. He searched for
her, but never did find her.

It wasn't until he made his way back to the common room that he realized
he hadn't seen Ronald Weasley either.

---

"Will you hold on for just a second?!" Hermione demanded, practically
jogging to keep up with Ron's long strides. He turned back to glare at
her but didn't slow down.

"I don't need a lecture from you, Granger. I'll get one from Snape soon
enough."

"I'm not here to lecture you. I'm here to find out what is wrong! You've
been acting weird ever since the train. What is going on?"

He stopped abruptly, his face pinched in frustration and hands clenched.
Throwing caution to the wind, she stepped closer to him. She did not
honestly believe he would hit her. He could be an absolute racist idiot,
but there were certain lines he never crossed. Using his physical
strength against girls was one of those lines, and there had been times
when Natalie had made particularly acidic comments where even Hermione
thought a slap had been disserved.

"You're not my friend. I might hang out with you because of your brother
sometimes, but I'm not about ready to spill my guts to you just because
you make with the puppy dog eyes."

She rolled her eyes. "*Bollocks!*"

He jerked in surprised. Hermione *never* swore.

"We've been friends since we were primary school together… even after
you turned into a grade A jerk, and I'm worried about you. I'm not my
brother and I'm sure as hell not Natalie. I'm not going to laugh at you
or use whatever's bothering you against you later. You obviously need to
tell *someone* because you can't keep going on like this. Why not me? I
promise I won't tell."

He grimaced, but didn't immediately shout at her or stalk away which she
took as a good sign. His faced twitched and shifted, running a gamut of
emotions she could just barely catch before it changed again.
Frustration, anger, sadness, disgust. Finally, he pulled away and walk
around her.

"Just leave it alone, Granger. It's none of your business."

She let out a frustrated noise but let him go. He obviously wasn't ready
to talk to her, and if she kept trying now she'd only drive him further
away. She would try again later, after they both had time to cool down.
After all, she was nothing if not persistent.

[^93-1]: Belfax Heating Potion - a tasteless and non-toxic potion. Adding it to
water can cause it to heat up. Can be used for cooking when a fire
cannot be built, to keep beverages hot, or for heating bathwater for
example. Belfax is the inventor of this particular potion. There are
other heating potions used for other purposes, such a raising a person's
body temperature due to hypothermia or to turn metals into their molten
liquid state. Evergreen potion- is used to keep flowers and plants from
wilting after they have been cut and placed into vases. It's use is
simple, but it's brewing is difficult. It's also highly toxic if
ingested, and is not used to preserve anything other than ornamental
plants. Recitation Draught is used to help the drinker memorize what
they've read for perfect recitation later. Great for making speeches or
like Slughorn points out, quoting poetry to your sweetheart later. It is
the easiest potion to brew in the entire book, which is the real reason
Clyde picked it (and Slughorn knows it). Wound-cleaning potion is
exactly what it sounds like. Rhumid's Draught is used to treat
arthritis. If you're wondering what happened to Felix Felicis, it's
being used as a reward for Advanced Potions, not fifth year potions,
just as it was in canon.
