# Political Unrest

Katarina, Mistress of Berlin's Vampire Row, was not a typical specimen
of vampirism, but then most Masters and Mistresses were not. It took a
rare sort of vampire to look beyond the moment, beyond the despair of an
unending existence, and plan for themselves and for others. Katarina was
the type to laugh at stereotypes and ideology without substance. She did
not wear black or red, as was customary among vampires, but preferred
bright colors; violets, blues, yellows, and greens silks and velvets,
and perhaps a little more gold jewelry than was strictly tasteful. With
her dark skin and kohl painted eyes, McGunny found himself thinking of
Egyptian Queens, even though her dress was pure European.

McGunny noted her appearance and demeanor as merely a second hand
observer. He had surrendered his body to Tom for this meeting, as much
he hated it, with the understanding that if he tried what Tom was doing,
the vampiress would see him for the liar that he was and kill him.

"It is happening just as he predicted," Tom said, idlely stirring his
tea. He was sitting across from Katarina in the living area of squalid,
little apartment she had provided him. Originally there had been no
furniture in the apartment except for a lumpy mattress on a creaky iron
bedframe, but he had started transfiguring some crates and abandoned
rubbish into furniture on the first day there, and after six days, the
apartment had actually started to look homey, which no doubt irked the
vampire. She obviously wanted him to squirm, while she thought over his
proposal.

She said nothing at first, merely staring at the newspaper article in
her lap. The German Ministry was on an anti-werewolf campaign. This
wasn't unusual. She had been through several campaigns in her seven
hundred years in dozens of different countries. The UK and France
offering sanctuary wasn't odd either. Countries often offered refuge to
the victims of their enemies, out of spitefulness or to recruit more
soldiers, just as Europe had done for the refugees of Voldemort's coup
d'état. However, it was the very fact that there was nothing unusual
about these events that concerned Katarina. She had lived long enough to
know what would happen once the Ministry ran out of werewolves to
torment.

"Your people will be next," the young man who had called himself
'Horace', barely more than a schoolboy, stated plainly. "The werewolves
are already fleeing. When they are all gone, the Ministry will turn on
the other non-humans. Veelas. The half-fae. Goblins. And most
especially-"

"Vampires. Yes, I know that. I have danced to this tune more than once,
child," she said, shortly. She really didn't like wizards. Their
arrogance always astounded and disgusted her. The fact that the Dark
Lord had sent this *toddler* to negotiate with her didn't endear her to
either of them.

He made no acknowledgment of her irritation. His palms didn't sweat, his
body didn't tense, and his eyes didn't widen. He merely sipped his tea
and continued as if she hadn't interrupted. She was really starting to
despise him.

"Then you know you have three options. One, you can ignore the danger,
and wait till the Ministry decides to burn this neighborhood to the
ground in the middle of the afternoon. Two, you can gather your people
and flee ahead of the danger, leaving behind your land and businesses
for the Ministry to seize and redistribute as they see fit, starting
over at some other city until the cycle is renewed yet again. Or three,
you can ally yourselves to the Dark Lord, and take control of your
destinies."

She snorted.

"What can your Dark Lord offer us? The vampires of your country have no
more rights or liberties than we do in Germany or anywhere else for that
matter. Do you expect me to risk myself and my family to maintain the
status quo? We will liquidate our assets through a muggle company and
transfer them to another country. When the fighting is done, we will
return. I am not interested in playing your master's game."

He smiled, a decidedly unpleasant look that reminded her of Goethe, the
very messenger who had brought this boy before her.

"The vampires of the UK have no more rights or liberties, because they
did not *earn* them. They played *your* game, dancing out of the way of
danger. Risking nothing. Gaining nothing. If they had sided with the
Dark Lord during the war, like Fenrir Greyback did, they too would be
enjoying the benefits of his gratitude."

"Crammed together in the middle of the boonies where the fine witches
and wizards of Britain don't have to deal with them? How wonderful that
would have been."

The look he gave her suggested she was being particularly stupid, and
she had to fight herself to keep from ripping out the fool's throat.

"They are not 'crammed', and for your information, they are living
exactly the way Fenrir Greyback negotiated for. Their lifestyle is
suitable for their condition. You have the opportunity to make a similar
negotiation. Think about it. You could have a voice in the government,
equal rights to wizarding folk. No more hiding. No more running. No more
depending upon the tolerance of others."

She snorted.

"Until the Dark Lord dies, of course. Then we will once again be
dependant on the tolerance of his successor," she said.

"Madam, the Dark Lord will more than likely out live you and everyone in
your coven. It is not a matter you need to worry yourself over."

This little tidbit silenced her for some minutes. She had heard the
rumors, of course, that the Dark Lord had somehow managed to make
himself immortal through the Dark Arts. At nearly eighty, and not
looking a day over thirty, this wasn't hard to find plausible. It
changed the game somewhat. If the Dark Lord were indeed immortal, and
had plans on Germany (and possibly all of Europe), it might be a very
bad idea to get on his bad side. A mortal could only hold a grudge for
century or so, and their ability to exact revenge was even more limited.
An immortal, however, was a different matter altogether.

"Why you?" she asked, changing the subject before he realized he had
unbalanced her. "Out of everyone he could have sent, why a scrawny
little nobody like you?"

She was starting to descend into pettiness, but she didn't care. His
presence was insulting, and she didn't feel inclined to tolerate it. He
didn't rise to the bait.

"My Lady, now you are just being rude. It is quite unbecoming," he
chided. "I assure you I am somebody. Somebody Lord Voldemort would no
risk for just anything. He chose me specifically as a demonstration of
his sincerity."

"Just who are you, then?"

Tom tilted his head, as if considering. "You won't believe me. Not
unless I show you something first. I beg your indulgence, for just a
minute. *Serpensortia!*"

The vampires leaped to her feet and across the room before he even
finished his incantation. She had no wizarding magic of her own. Her
only defense against it was retreat or attack before a spell could hit
her, and she never forget this while in the presence of a witch or
wizard. Her caution and quick reflexes had saved her more than once. She
needn't have bothered this time. The spell had done nothing more than
summon a large snake, which was harmless to her kind, poisonous or not.

The boy blinked at her, as if surprised by her reaction, but she knew
damn well he was more amused than anything. The snake he had summoned
rose up and flared its hood, and she could see the telltale markings of
a King Cobra as it hissed and made a mock strike at Horace's
outstretched wand. He didn't seem the least bit alarmed, and even
pocketed his wand.

*"Assskuuu ssstisss muisss,*" he hissed, and immediately the snake's
hood collapsed. The boy held out his hand, the unprotected flesh mere
inches from death. "*Kissshhh ne sssisss inusss."*

The snake immediately curled around his outstretched arm, and made its
way over him and into his lap, where it curled up like an affectionate
housecat. Katarina could almost imagine it purring. She could only
stare, dumbfounded.

"You are a parselmouth."

"Yes. A trait I inherited from my grandfather."

"Who…" she trailed off, realizing the stupidity of her question. "You
are the Dark Lord's son."

"His grandson actually, but yes."

"But… how…"

"The usual mechanics, I imagine. Do you believe Lord Voldemort holds to
the idea of celibacy? I assure you, before and after the war, he
indulged in more than a few trysts. Witches are very good about taking
contraceptives. Muggle women are not. You are aware of Harry Potter's
lineage?"

She thought about lying and saying she didn't. It was a matter of pride
that vampires abstained from wizarding tabloid fodder, but Potter was
one of those universally entertaining characters. Her goblin banker and
she liked to share gossip on him during their monthly transactions. She
nodded.

"Pureblood father. Muggleborn mother. Lived with his mother's muggle
sister before he was discovered. No other living relatives."

"Lily Evans was no muggleborn[^92-1]. She was a half-blood. Her mother got
into it with Voldemort at some point, when he was nothing more than
handsome young college student, traveling for the holidays. My father's
mother has an identical story."

"Why would he keep that a secret? If he has heirs-"

"And inform the entire world that he's a hypocrite and philanderer? I'm
sure you are aware of his public policy against wizarding and muggle
interaction, and his youthful exuberance would not be looked kind upon
even sixty hears later. Additionally, we are not the Dark Lord's heirs.
He has no heirs, as he will not be dying any time soon. Announcing our
existence as his brood would not only endanger us, but place us in a
position where we could be used against him. No, no, we will never be
officially claimed. However, that does not mean we do not hold any
importance to him. Potter is a fine example."

Katarina moved back towards him, staring down at him in fascination.
This was a completely knew game. The Dark Lord had sent her his
grandson, his kin. This was no small thing to a vampire. Vampire clans
were tight knit and protective. For a Master or Mistress to send out one
of their own offspring was only done in extreme circumstances. It spoke
volumes about the Dark Lord's sincerity. She settled back into her
chair.

"Very well. Give me a few more days. I will need to discuss this matter
with my coven and decide upon the terms of our agreement. In the
meantime, I will see that you have accommodations more… suitable to your
status."

He nodded appreciatively.

"Thank you. I ask only that you keep my relation to the Dark Lord to
yourself. I have been given permission to tell you this only as a means
to convince you of the importance the Dark Lord has placed on our
negotiations. Under no circumstances is this to become public
knowledge."

"I understand."

She left the room, feeling shaken but refusing to show it. She had so
much to think about, and she had wasted too much time already. A wave of
resentment rose up against the young interloper. If he had told her of
his lineage when he had first been introduced, nearly three days ago,
she might have taken his presence more seriously. As it was, she saw him
as no more than a half-hearted attempt at recruitment into a
questionable endeavor.

Well, that and perhaps Sunday's dinner.

Goethe was waiting for her at the end of the hall. He had been the one
to inform her of the boy, known only as Horace, and given her the Dark
Lord's card, and she had subsequently assigned him to look after the
mysterious mortal.

"I want him moved to one of the private suites on the East End. He is to
be treated as a prince and protected the same way. The Ministry cannot
be allowed to know of his presence here. Is that understood?"

"Yes, Mistress," he said plainly, his wide mouth stretched into a
serpentine grin. He was having way too much fun his new role, in her
opinion. He had always been a troublemaker, only happy when things were
going wrong. If he weren't so damn good at spying, she would have thrown
him out into the sun decades ago.

"And don't you dare bite him."

"Not a nibble. I swear," he said solemnly.

She glared at him. His lips started to twitch. She stalked away before
he lost it completely. It wasn't like Goethe was a real threat to
Horace. If the boy really was the Dark Lord's grandson, then the vampire
was in need of protection far more so than the mortal.

---

Climbing down from the stage and disappearing from the view of thousands
of people calling his name, Harry accepted the glass of water from one
of the 'Voices for All' aides. His stomach was still fluttering with
nerves and threatening to empty itself, but he managed to keep it all
in. He escaped into the sanctuary of a nearby office that had offered
its space to Voices for All and Harry for the rally.

This was his third public speech, and it wasn't any easier than the
first. If anything, it had been harder. There had been more hecklers and
protestors this time around, attempting to throw him off balance and
turn the crowd. It had taken a longer to get the crowd enthusiastic
about his message this time, but eventually they were won over. The
Wizengamot was in three days. The Ultimatum deadline was in five. The
next full moon in seven.

Political rallies and protests and pamphlets were on every street
corner. The UK was anxious. The newspapers were flooded with speculation
of Voldemort's next course of action and the possibility of war with
Germany and peace treaties with France. Harry's own cause was quickly
being shuffled towards the back of the papers, but his popularity wasn't
fading. The rallies he had spoken at were all packed, and he had
interviews daily, often multiple times by newspapers and magazines and
once even for wizarding television. He had been shuffled from London to
Glasgow to Dublin in the last week, and was exhausted.

"Harry!" He turned and smiled as Hermione and Draco came into view.
Hermione threw her arms around him. "Harry, that was wonderful! I'd read
you were a great speaker, but I had no idea!"

"Not bad," Draco conceded. "A bit preachy for my tastes, but that's just
me."

"Thanks…I think. I'm not entirely sure if either of you are being
entirely complimentary."

His friends had come along on his trip to Dublin, insisting to see him
in action after all the hype in the newspaper. He was glad for their
company. After days of nothing but speeches and meetings with Voices for
All and hotels and reporters, their presence was grounding and
comforting. Snape was already strung out, and currently refusing to say
anything to anyone for fear of hexing someone without realizing it.

Suddenly, there was someone standing between him and his friends. He
looked up to see a handsome man in an impressive Brass Cult uniform, his
smile so white it looked like a *Lumos* had been cast on it.

"Excellent presentation, my good man. Very good show," the man said,
taking Harry's arm before he could even react. "I'm Gilderoy Lockhart,
but I'm sure you already knew that. I'm quite famous, you know."

Harry thought the name sounded vaguely familiar, but he would be lying
if he said he was familiar with witch and wizarding celebrities.

"Er… yes, of course. Good to meet you, Mr. Lockhart," he said, and
looked around for an escape. Hermione and Draco were looking somewhat
horrified at the beaming man, and Harry didn't think that bode well for
him.

"It's Admiral Lockhart. See the fancy uniform? And good to meet you at
last, Harry. You don't mind if I call you Harry, do you?"

"Actually-"

"Excellent! It really has been too long. We should have met ages ago! We
have so much in common. Powerful, intelligent, popular… and devilishly
handsome if I do say so myself," the man laughed, even as he preened in
a passing mirror. Harry was feeling increasingly awkward, but Lockhart
hadn't released his arm and was starting to lead him off to Merlin only
knew where. "Of course, you could use a few minor adjustments. Nothing
to be ashamed of, of course. Just a tweak here or there. A bit of advice
from someone who's been there before. For instance, have you considered
growing out your hair? Ladies *love* that. Or taking off those glasses?
Not all the time, mind you. Glasses make one look very clever in the
right circumstances, but they look rather nerdy sometimes don't you
think? It'd be a shame to waste your green eyes-"

"On anything as trivial as *reading*," Snape's acid tone cut in. They
both turned, and Harry felt a wave of relief at seeing his dour guardian
glaring death at his would-be fashion advisor. Hermione or Draco must
have found him. Lockhart was still smiling, but he suddenly didn't seem
as confident. "Admiral, I am rather surprised to see you here, as busy
as someone in your position must be."

"Oh, Professor Snape, yes, well… I happened to be in the area. Photo
shoot just a few blocks over, you know. Thought I'd drop by and
introduce myself-"

"Yes, that's very generous of you. I am sure we *all* appreciate you
gracing us with your presence, but I must ask you to leave. This area is
a restricted. Your military training should make you aware of exactly
what that means."

"Er… yes, well, military personnel. Higher security clearance and all-"

Snape didn't wait for his fumbled explanations. He grabbed Harry and
hauled him back to the other side of the room, making a physical barrier
between the man and the boy. When they were far enough away, Harry
turned back to him.

"Thanks, Professor."

Predictably, Snape sneered. "You can escape werewolves, German Aurors,
and the Dark Lord's wrath, but you can't get away from that imbecile on
your own? You're slipping, Potter."

"Who was that guy anyway?"

Draco and Hermione rejoined them, and they made their way towards an
empty office Harry had been given for his private use. There was long
table piled with good and drink and Harry's own itinerary and half
completed speeches. The three teenagers set themselves into the
comfortable chairs, while Snape set about making himself some tea.

"Admiral Gilderoy Lockhart," Draco offered, "The most useless pillock in
my father's army."

"Draco," Hermione began to chastise, then seemed to realize he was right
and didn't finish. Oddly enough, it was Snape who disagreed.

"Admiral Lockhart is not useless, Draco. He performs the function your
father intended quite admirably. And I remind you that the Brass Cult is
*not* your father's army. It is the Dark Lord's, and I recommend you not
forget it again."

"What is Lockhart's function, then?" Harry asked.

"Publicity," Hermione said, looking disgusted, "He doesn't command any
troops or have any combat experience. He just goes around the country
and looks handsome in his uniform and tells outrageous stories in order
to convince people to join the Brass Cult. It's disgusting."

Draco laughed. "Didn't you used to have a huge crush on him?"

"Only for like… a week! Then he opened his mouth."

Harry laughed and shook his head. He had missed this. Sitting around
talking with his friends, getting in an out of strange situations, and
even Snape's dark, witty practicality. More than ever before, he wished
the summer were over and he were heading back to Hogwarts, surrounded by
his friends and a comfortable routine of classes and club activities.

"I hate to be the barer of bad news," Snape said, smirking a bit at the
looks that statement earned. "None of you will be entirely free of
Lockhart for quite some time. He's been offered a part-time position at
Hogwarts."

Hermione looked positively horrified. "As what?"

"Introduction to Military Training Instructor. Supposedly, it's a
pre-requisite to officer training in the Brass Cult."

"Remind me not to join that class," Harry muttered.

"It is only open to seventh years, fortunately. It's a complete
publicity stunt, but the Dark Lord went along with it. You will find
several differences at Hogwarts this year to accommodate the war
effort."

"We're not at war," Harry said, hopefully.

Snape just gave him a look, and didn't deign to reply.

---

Viktor and Tonks sat on the garden wall and looked out across the South
Aegean at the collection of islands, lined in the stubby white buildings
that typified the region. The sun was hot, but the wind coming off the
sea made it tolerable, and either of them felt any desire to move into
the shade.

"He makes it very hard to hate him, doesn't he?" Tonks said, staring
down at a newspaper. It was a Wizarding Weekly, only two days old, and
sharing the front page with the usual doom and gloom article about the
tensions with Germany, was Harry and his outrageous and heroic mission
to 'save the lycanthropic victims from the tyranny of Minister
Seibligg'.

"Yes," Viktor agreed. "He's a good guy. He just has lousy taste in
father figures."

"I wonder what he would think if he knew Dumbledore was helping get
werewolves out of Germany?"

"He'd probably be grateful, just not grateful enough to switch sides."

Tonks sighed, and ran a hand through her leopard print hair. She missed
the days when you could support your allies with the same enthusiasm you
could oppose your enemies. Seibligg had ruined that for them. The
previous minister, Janis Handel, had been a good man with a generous
heart and an iron will. He had led his countrymen through the dark days
of Voldemort's assault on Britain, preventing the Death Eaters from
getting a foothold in Germany and opening his doors to those who were
forced to flee. However, the strain had been too much for his health,
and he could not continue another term. Seibligg had shown promise, but
his own conceit and secret disdain for foreigners had weakened the
Ministry and confused the public.

The rallying against the werewolves was the final act of a desperate man
still clinging to power, and Tonks knew it would only serve to weaken
the country in the long run. The people were divided, resources were
being wasted to persecute a make believe enemy, and their allies were
turning away in disgust. More than once, Tonks had wondered if it
wouldn't be better to just let Voldemort have the place and straighten
it out once and for all. If she hadn't remembered exactly *how* the Dark
Lord straightened out countries, she would have just given up.

"Do you think we can win like this?" Tonks asked. "We can't even stay in
the country, and Seibligg just keeps making things worse everyday."

Viktor didn't say anything for a moment. Leaving Germany, he thought,
was the best thing they could have done. It was so much harder to think
objectively about Germany's future while surrounded by its chaos. In the
South Aegean, where news travels slowly but thoughts had plenty of time
to settle, he was starting to see things more clearly.

"Dumbledore thinks we can. Seibligg's time is running out. If he can be
replaced with a strong leader before the Dark Lord can get a strong
enough foot hold, then they might just have a chance."

"That's a big 'if'."

"I prefer to think of it as a 'do or do not'. If we don't find a way, we
are all royally screwed," Viktor said.

"Well, since you put it that way, I feel much better," she laughed.

---

On June 29th, the Wizengamot voted 'yes' to Proposal 4-66. On June 30th,
Harry celebrated at the werewolf colonies and got utterly smashed, and
very nearly got into an orgy with several other drunken werewolves. He
was unfortunately rescued by Remus. On July 1st, he was dragged out of
the colony by a very amused Voldemort (who had probably been in that
orgy that Harry could only now vaguely remember) to Paris to meet Queen
Ophelia. Blessedly, there had been a three out stop at one of
Voldemort's many manor houses for breakfast, bathing, and grooming or he
would had to meet her looking like wild man and smelling like a brewery.

Queen Ophelia the IV, was built like an opera singer, heavy set and
powerful. It did nothing to distract from her beauty, but only enhanced
her presence. She was no dainty wallflower. Every step, every gesture,
every turn of the head was pure confidence and grace.

Harry was embarrassed to find he had fallen in love with her within five
minutes of meeting her. Luckily, she seemed to find his uncontrollable
blushing charming.

"I am told," she said, with barely even a hint of French accent, "that
it is your efforts, more than anyone else's, that have brought us all
together this day."

"I am not entirely sure *why* I am here, your Majesty," he said, trying
his hardest not to look like a bumbling school boy. It was hard when she
was difficult her smiling at him like that, her elaborate white and
golden dress making her shine like an angel. "But I am glad we could
meet, for whatever the reason."

He nearly fell over when she kissed him on the forehead, and he suddenly
became convinced she had to be a full blooded veela. She moved away,
several musketeers and ladies-in-waiting following her. Voldemort placed
his hand on his shoulder and lead him in another direction.

"She likes you. I knew she would," Voldemort teased.

"I'm going to get you for this later," Harry said, glaring up at the
man. There were nearly twenty other men and women in their entourage,
all of them Wizengamot or Court officials, or in Lucius' case, both.
Snape was somewhere, probably the royal library, but Harry had to wonder
why since he couldn't read French. They were all dressed to the nines,
and even Harry had been shoved into a brand new and ostentatious set of
suit and robes. He supposed meeting the queen of France warranted
looking good, but he suspected something more significant was happening
than a simple meet and greet. Voldemort being very nearly *cheerful*
convinced him of it.

"What are we doing here, exactly?"

"We're signing a treaty."

Oh. Now that he thought about it, that was pretty obvious. Stupid
residual hangover.

"For the werewolves?" he asked, not entirely certain. Voldemort seemed
entirely too pleased for something that simple.

"Part of the treaty includes the establishment of new werewolf colonies,
but that is only a minor part. The United Kingdoms and France are ending
the embargo and resuming trade and travel, formally renouncing Germany
actions against us, and allowing us to open four military bases along
its border to France."

Harry could only stare at him. This was HUGE. Way larger than Harry felt
qualified to deal with. This was the sort of event Toure made them study
in the History of Magic. At least he didn't have to make a speech.

"Seibligg is going to piss himself," Harry finally blurted out. Several
of the other officials in the room chuckled. "But why am I here?"

"You are an honorary guest. Proposal 4-66 was essential for this treaty,
which would not have been possible if I could not demonstrate an
immediate benefit of our alliance. The queen needed something to
reassure her people of our intentions before she could agree to it. You
have earned the right to witness these proceedings. Besides, the French
like you."

Merlin, was he serious? Had his efforts with Proposal 4-66 actually made
this treaty possible?

He was still wondering this when a valet arrived and escorted their
party to a conference room. Voldemort, Queen Ophelia, and all other
their officials were set at the table, while Harry sat with a small
group of attendants along the wall and watched. There were speeches made
by both the Dark Lord and the queen, words of welcome and hopes for
peace and prosperity and strength through their alliance. The treaty was
read, then passed around and signed. There were more speeches by another
official. A Catholic priest blessed the document (and surprised Harry by
not immediately bursting into flames when Voldemort not-so-subtly glared
at him). Photographs were taken. Drinks were handed out to everyone to
toast their work. And finally, finally it was over, and Harry still had
no idea how he could have possibly brought any of it about.

Merlin, he hoped Snape didn't hear about any of this. He's accuse him of
having a big head before he could even bring himself to accept even
partial responsibility.

Voldemort and Harry stayed at the queen's palace for two more days (as
did Snape although Harry didn't see him at all until it came time to
leave), and Harry spent a majority of that time wandering around and
making sketches. The Dark Lord was absent more often than not on
official business or merely conversing with the queen, but in the
evening he would take some time to talk with Harry.

"Do you think Seibligg will have to resign after this?" Harry asked,
staring out the window in Voldemort 's bedroom. From here he could see
the internal courtyard, where several couples and friends were wandering
about and enjoying the evening. The Dark Lord was at the desk, signing
paperwork, and drinking sherry.

"It doesn't really matter one way or the other," he said, not looking
up. "The due date for the ultimatum has passed. Germany has done nothing
to make amends to me, and allowed the perpetrators to remain unpunished.
They could have saved themselves a lot of grief, but now they will have
to face the consequences of their actions."

"What sort of consequences?"

"Bankruptcy for one. France is the largest importer of German goods,
particularly potion ingredients and certain types of manufactured
products like cauldrons, which they will now be getting primarily from
the UK. The embargo from ten years ago has made them the primary
supplier to Europe for several years now, but they're not ready to face
competition with British suppliers again. Chances are there will be a
recession in Germany."

Harry let out a mental sigh. Being poor sucked, but being blown up was
worse. If Germany's punishment was strictly financial, Harry wasn't
going to utter a single complaint.

"Of course," Voldemort said, "Recessions make for very bitter, angry
citizens. I doubt this little slap on the wrist is going to be the end
of the matter."

---

Daigon Alley was crowded with students and their families, as was
typical at the beginning of August. There was something festive about
the gathering, like a carnival with shops instead of rides or Christmas
shopping without the dreary weather. There were even street vendors
standing about selling funnel cakes and popcorn, and colorfully dressed
men singing out the inventory of their particular shop, enticing buyers
to enter. Cages with owls, cats, rats, snakes, or other sorts of
familiars were carried about by eager looking first years, who grinned
and cooed at their new pets lovingly.

It was amazing considering only a month before people were practically
frantic over the due date of Voldemort's ultimatum. It turned out the
first strike against Germany, had led to nothing short of prosperity for
the UK. With the 1995 Treaty of Paris (also nicknamed Potter's Treaty
and the Werewolf Treaty), the demand for goods had skyrocketed, leading
to a rise in cauldron prices and potions ingredients, but also to a high
demand for new employees. The unemployment rate had dropped nearly
twenty percent in a month and expected to drop another fifty percent
during the holidays, and Gringotts Bank was practically throwing out
money for starter businesses.

Everyone was brimming with enthusiasm for the future, and it showed in
the faces of the people.

Ira watched it all from the corner of Banikey's Books, trying not to
hover as Harry and Professor Snape's godchildren hunted the store for
their school books. Snape himself was at Olivander's, escorting several
first years as they acquired their wands, and had Ira had offered to
keep an eye of them. She had made the mistake of mentioning it to her
mother, who had quickly invited herself along.

"I have barely seen you at all this summer, Ira. I've missed you. This
will be a perfect time to do a little shopping together," she insisted,
but Ira knew better. Her mother was nosy and always would be, and the
fact that Ira actually was involved with the daily affairs of
*interesting* people had presented a temptation she couldn't pass up.
Especially not since Snape had come back from Paris with gift.

The scarab broach was iridescent green, like the real beetle, and
masterfully crafted. It was worth several galleons, and no one had been
more surprised than Ira when Snape had given it to her. He had called it
a 'thank you' present, and it probably was, but her mother insisted it
meant more.

"When a man starts buying a woman jewelry, expensive jewelry from
*Paris*, it means more than just 'thank you'," Susan said to her
daughter knowingly. Ira kept looking out at the street and pretended she
hadn't heard her. "It means, 'I want you to wear something I gave you so
everyone will know you're mine'."

Ira immediately turned bright red, and looked around quickly to see if
anyone heard her.

"Honestly, mum, you're making something out of nothing. He was just
being thoughtful. Harry probably put him up to it."

Ira immediately looked back towards the store, and spotted Harry's black
cloak immediately. The boy had taken to wearing the hood up while out in
public to avoid being recognized, even though he looked more than little
conspicuous. His friends, Draco, Hermione, Natalie, and Clyde, were
doing the same thing, partially to tease him and partially because it
made the hoods look less suspicious and more like fashion statements
when they all did it. She couldn't help smiling as she watched them
together, laughing and stealing each other's books out of their baskets
and pretending to be vampires.

Harry had a difficult life, filled with stress and intrigue and
unscheduled international travel, but he also had wonderful friends. She
wondered how Snape, whose life was likely just as difficult, perhaps
even more so, managed to keep it all together with seemingly no friends
at all.

"Posh. I'm telling you, Professor Snape likes you, he's just stoic.
That's why he asks for your help all the time. So he can have your
company and not be labeled a sap. Andreas is the exact same way."

Ira rolled her eyes. Snape didn't ask for her help. She offered it
without him having to ask, and he just never bothered to turn her down.
She enjoyed both Harry's and Snape's company for different reasons.
Harry was sweet and interesting. Snape was frank and interesting. She
had some of the most enjoyable conversations of her life this summer,
and she would miss them terribly when the summer was over.

"Mum, that's not how it is. For heaven's sake, he lost his fiancé little
over a year ago. Besides, even if he were interested, it would never
work out."

"Never work out? Of course it would! You're perfect for each other.
Quiet, academic types, the both of you, without an ounce of romance
between you. He's a highly respected professor and war hero, obviously
ready to settle down if he was intending to marry. I don't think you
could do any better if you tried."

Ira said noting for a moment, a deep depression settling over her. She
did like Professor Snape. She found his taciturn manners strangely
charming and his dedication to his duties was admirable, but she
couldn't give him what he really wanted.

"He wants children," she said.

This stumped Susan for a moment. "…Are you sure? I mean, he doesn't
really seem the type…"

"He does. His house… it's made for more than just him and Harry. And
sometimes, I've seen him looking at families with this… longing? Maybe?
I don't know. But I can't give him that. Winston made sure of it."

She tried to hide her bitterness at *that* man's name, but it leaked
through anyway. Her mother fidgeted uncomfortably. She never liked to
discuss Winston. She would like nothing better than to forget he ever
existed, and Ira would too if it were at all possible.

"Maybe he would be willing to adopt?"

"*Mother!*"

---

"All hail Harry Potter, King of the Werewolves."

"Do shut up, Weasley," Harry said cheerfully as he squeezed into the
train compartment, and sat next to Natalie. He handed her Inana's
basket, which she happily accepted. The compartment was crowded with his
friends (and Ron), but he wouldn't have it any other way. The summer was
over and he was going to his true home. His political career was
officially on hold until the end of term.

Perhaps the only one more excited about the upcoming school year was
Hermione, who was practically buzzing in her seat. She was now the
official editor of the Hogwart's Herald, and couldn't' wait to get
started. She was looking through her notebook and stressing about her
first meeting with her staff and their first paper.

"Hey, Harry, you're not going to have to repeat the year, are you mate?
I don't think I could get through potions without you," Clyde said,
looking genuinely terrified at the though.

"Nope. No repeating for me. It's not like I wasn't learning anything
while I was away. The professors are going to test me individually to
see if I've fallen behind on anything then work something out if I have
to catch up. Things are going to be crazy this year though. Make up
classes, quidditch, Dueling Club, *and*O.W.L.s."

Draco merely smirked at him. "Don't worry, Potter. I'll make sure you
don't have worry about the final quidditch match while studying for
final exams. We're going to kick your ass this year."

"Dream on, Malfoy. If I can beat Krum at quidditch, I can beat you."

Harry instantly regretted his words, his eyes immediately darting
towards Hermione, who was still looking at her notebook, but not reading
it. Inwardly, he called himself several unpleasant names. One of the few
things Hermione and he had not been able to bring themselves to talk
about was Krum. He had betrayed them both, in different ways, and they
were both too conflicted to talk about him even with each other.

"Ha!" Ginny but in, rescuing the companionable atmosphere. "You can't
even guarantee your spot on the team this year. I'll be trying out for
Seeker, this year."

Natalie made a rude sound and rolled her eyes.

Harry blinked at her. "You play quiddtich?"

"Of course I play quidditch. Everyone in the family plays quidditch!
Even Ron plays a pretty good keeper, once he stopped falling off his
broom."

Ron just scowled at her then resumed his previous silence. In fact, he
seemed to be all out brooding, which was a step up from his usual
sulking, but not much.

"What's with you, Weasley? You're… quiet."

"Shove it, Potter. I don't care about this stupid shit," he snapped,
then stood up and walked out. Everyone just stared after him, then back
at each other.

"That was… different," Harry said.

"And the Asshole Award goes to…" Clyde muttered.

"Shut up," Ginny snapped, surprising everyone all over again. She bit
her lip, and looked down. "It's not his fault. He's just… he visited dad
a few weeks ago. I think… It was really bad. So just give him a break,
okay?"

They stayed silent for a bit. They all knew Arthur Weasley was in
Azkaban, and had been for the better part of eight years, and his was
not an enviable fate to even most depraved masochist.

"Of course," Hermione said first, then nudged Draco with her elbow.

"Hey, don't' look at me. If I start acting all sympathetic it'll
probably induce a stroke."

"*Draco!*'

"Fine, fine! I won't go poking him with sticks or whatever. I've
survived more than one of his little pissy fits before, thank you very
much."

"Thanks. I think," Ginny said.

---

Snape stared at the once mysterious little plant, that was now not so
little and not so mysterious. Concealed in one of his many secured
cabinets in his private Hogwart's laboratory, the Body Tree stood taller
than him and was lush with reddish foliage. He had finally discovered
the plant's identity in France, finally left alone to pursue the
mystery.

McGunny was still missing, and he had given hope of finding the boy on
his own. If he had managed to slip into the muggle world undetected, the
chances were he could go underground for *years* and Snape would never
find him. He had neither the time nor the resources necessary.

Discovering McGunny's *intentions* was a different matter altogether.
Because, right now the Body Tree was bearing a 'fruit'. Fruit that was
looking very much like a complete human fetus.

*Now what exactly would someone want with that?* he wondered. A thousand
different possibilities came to mind, and none of them good.

---

[^92-1]: Lily Evans was 100% muggleborn. Tom is lying through his teeth in
order to win Katarina's trust. Suggesting he is Voldemort's son and
proving it with the use of Parseltongue is a good way to do that.
