# Musketeers and Madmen

Hermione woke up earlier than anyone else in her dorm on Saturday, which
was typical even before she had started helping Harry pull up his
grades. It was still dark as she made her way down to the kitchens for
some tea and coffee for Harry. The castle's house elves were all
darlings, and doted on her just as Dobby did at home, luckily with
somewhat less dramatic results. Part of the reason for this, she knew,
had to do with her doting on Harry, whom they regarded as some sort of
savior for something she could never get out of them clearly.

"But Mistress Hermione," Koki, a spindly elf with extra long fingers,
said as she began to boil the tea, "Master Harry is gone. He left last
night."

"Gone? What do you mean 'gone'?"

Koki nodded cheerfully. "He was summoned away. Professor Snape had Bicki
and Po pack for him. Half asleep, poor Master Harry. He's going to
France, yes? Meet important people! The Queen, herself!. Very exciting."

Hermione frowned. "Already? I would have thought he would have a week or
two before he had to go. And why in the middle of the night? Did
something happen?"

"Koki does not know, Mistress. Would Mistress like some muffins? Po is
making banana nut and orange cranberry."

"Thank you, Koki. Would you send them up to my office? I think I'll try
and get some work done today."

"Yes, ma'am! Koki is happy to help!"

Hermione left the house elves to their work, and headed for the
Hogwarts' Herald office, lost in thought. She was worried about Harry.
That was hardly something new, but also something she couldn't shrug
off. Harry had been acting… off… for a while now. As happy to be home as
he seemed, he wasn't falling back into his usual routine with the same
ease as he usually did. His concentration was shoddy, he kept forgetting
what day it was and what classes he had, he barely ate and dozed off at
meal times, and his performance during practicals was slipping. At
first, she wrote it off as tiredness from his trip and being overwhelmed
with catching up, but that didn't quite fit. He had mood swings, gotten
angry over nothing and not reacted to something that would normally
leave him livid, and no matter how much he slept he didn't seem any more
rested.

He was obviously under some sort of stress aside from the obvious, and
she had wanted to ask him about it today, but he had already been taken
away. Another thing to worry about. If he was acting oddly here, in the
closest thing he had to a home, what was it going to be like for him in
another country and a whole new load of responsibilities weighing him
down?

She should talk to Uncle Severus about her concerns, knowing he was the
most likely to be able to help Harry sort himself out, but at the same
time she didn't want to go behind Harry's back. He was a private person
and she respected that, but sometimes he got in over his head. At the
same time, with her godfather so extremely busy these days and more than
a little stressed, involving him in Harry's problems could make things
worse.

She sighed. Honestly, when did she go from being Harry's friend to his
life coach?

The Hogwarts' Herald press office was empty as she knew it would be (she
was one of only two people who actually had a key after all, Toure being
the other), and didn't expect that to change until after lunch, when the
staff would start coming in to work on their articles before their
meeting later that evening. They were putting out another release that
Monday, so if Harry's absence had an upside it was only that she would
have more time to work on it.

Po's muffins and a steaming cup of cinnamon tea were already waiting for
her at her desk, and she took a moment to appreciate it. She got so very
little time to herself these days. Between schoolwork, the paper,
Dueling Club, Harry, Ron, and her sometimes needy foster brother, there
was never any time to just sit and think.

After about ten minutes of thinking about her life and those she share
it with, she decided thinking outside of schoolwork was vastly overrated
and somewhat dangerous, and decided to start working. She began by
making a check list of everything that absolutely had to the go into the
paper; the standard articles first; Teacher's Tutorial, School
Announcements, advertisements (they did have a few sponsors from
Hogsmeade, but with the cancellation of Hogsmeade weekends the ads were
primarily for student tutors and selling of old school supplies or
nic-nacs), sports, horoscopes, etc… then the main articles; this week it
was Natalie's continued relief campaign for winter supplies for the
Irish victims, a guide to preparing for Newts and Owls for the
upperclassmen, and twenty different ways to entertain oneself indoors
(important to know since everyone was getting stir crazy with all the
extra security keeping them inside). Then the optional favorites; the
gossip column, student opinions, romance advise (a section she tried to
exclude whenever possible), other miscellaneous articles, and what
Hermione suspected was going to be a speculation piece on Harry's abrupt
departure for France that day.

She would have to write that herself, what with everyone else already
working on something and her being the first to know, but it rubbed her
the wrong way to do so. He was her friend, and socially and
professionally it was in bad taste to write about him. Maybe she could
just pretend she hadn't heard about it until it was too late to include
in Monday's edition. It seemed dishonest to her, but at the same time it
felt a lot better than betraying her other ethics. She started sorting
through articles that had already been submitted and checking them for
spelling and grammar mistakes.

By lunchtime, she had completed just about everything she could possible
get done without the other staff members present, which was good because
they were starting to trickle into the office. First, Collin Creevey,
hurrying to the dark room to print his latest roll of film, then Susan
Carmichael; who was responsible for Natalie's article, and gradually
more and more. A few dropped into her office to submit their articles,
but a majority lingered outside it to gossip and discuss their work.
Hermione didn't go out and join them, but left her door open so she
could listen. The staff had a tendency to be intimidated by her, and
sometimes it was easier to get an idea of what they wanted out of the
next edition by ease-dropping rather than asking directly. Given
sufficient time and quiet, most forgot she was even back in her office
and could hear them clearly.

Trudy Sabbat was particularly forgetful, or perhaps just plain reckless.

"Slipped out in the middle of the night! Of all the nerve!" Trudy's
perpetually scandalized (because everything that anyone ever did seemed
to be a scandal after being processed by her twisted little brain) voice
floated into her office, and Hermione let out a mental groan. It seemed
Trudy had heard about Harry's leaving and decided to orchestrate a new
melodrama. "Probably gone off to have a tryst with that werewolf girl!
Mark my words, by the end of the school year she'll be knocked up!"

Hermione clenched her fists. Of all the *nerve!*

"Can it, Sabbat," Ron's irritated voice snapped. "No one wants to hear
your trashy shit. The guy's gone to France for some diplomatic mission
or something. I heard it from Malfoy."

"So he's gone to knock up that that Delacour tramp? Oh that's much
better!"

Ron burst out laughing. "What is it with your obsession about who Potter
is screwing around with? You're like a crazy ex-girlfriend stalker
person."

There were several other snickers, and Hermione settled back in her
seat, hoping that would be the end of it and she wouldn't have to go out
and call Sabbat in her office for another 'little chat' about her rumor
mongering. It wasn't meant to be.

"Screw you, Weasley. The only reason you're standing up for him is to
earn points with Granger, who so in blindly in love with Potter he could
set fire to an orphanage right in front of her and she'd still think he
was Merlin reborn. You're pathetic. You're *both*pathetic."

Collin's ever eager voice protested first, "That's not true. Why are
you-"

"Shut up, you stupid little homo."

Ron voice cut in, physical violence a promise rather than a warning.
"Why don't you shut up, you stupid little wh-"

"That's enough!"

The entire staff turned to their editor, who was now standing at her
office door, her expression arctic and her body tense. Most of the
Hogwarts staff was there, but had quickly moved away from the center of
the rising fight, looking anxious. Collin was looking down, red-faced
and humiliated, while Ron was looking directly at Trudy, red-raced and
his fists clenched. If Hermione hadn't interrupted when she did she
didn't doubt that he would have hurt the other girl. Not that she cared
so much about that, it might even be somewhat satisfying, but it would
also be the end of Ron's career at the paper and probably Hogwarts
itself. Trudy, a pixie-faced little brunette who would have been quite
pretty if she didn't look so superior all the time, was gripping her
wand, probably realizing she shouldn't have provoked Ron, the only
person aside from Hermione completely unintimidated by her acid tongue
and with a reputation for violence under his belt. Trudy looked to
Hermione, and smirked, probably thinking she was going to walk away from
this having caused more harm than she had acquired.

She was wrong.

"You have to the count of three to start apologizing, Sabbat," Hermione
said coldly.

The girl had the never to look indignant.

"Apologize! For what? *He* started it!" she shouted, pointing at Ron,
who was still glaring death at her. "And then he *threatened* me!"

Hermione expression didn't change. "You are the only I heard insulting
anyone, Sabbat, and the only one with their wand out. One."

"That not true! You're just picking on me again! You *always*pick on me!
You all saw it, didn't you? Didn't he threaten me?!"

"Two."

No one said anything. Even Greystoke and Parker, two of the biggest
gossips on the staff and the most tolerant of Trudy's attempts at
'creative journalism', remained silent. The jilted girl glared furiously
at all of them.

"You-"

"Three," Hermione finished. "You're fired. Leave now, and don't come
back."

The other girl practically hissed in fury, and her grip on her wand
tightened. Hermione might have been worried, except that Ron was still
watching her intensely and she trusted him. That was a bit shocking to
her, that even after their all their recent bickering, she still trusted
him to protect her without hesitation.

Trudy's arm lifted ever so slightly, and Ron's wand flicked into his
hand so quickly it was if it had always been there. She froze, her eyes
darted to him. She apparently trusted him to look after Hermione as
well. Reluctantly, she pocketed her wand and turned to stalk out the
door.

"And one more thing," Hermione said, before the other girl could escape.
"If I find out you've started rumors about me or Weasley or any of my
staff, I will *formally* challenge you to a duel. I want you to think
about that *very* carefully before speaking to anyone else."

"Are you threatening me?"

"I am warning you, just like I warned you about disrespecting the other
staff members, and about making up stories without any proof. You chose
to ignore me, and these are the consequences. If you choose to ignore me
again, the consequences will be considerably worse. You can leave now."

"I'll tell Professor Toure about this!" she cried, petulant and
unwilling to admit defeat.

Hermione didn't even acknowledge her, and returned to her office.

"Just you wait! Everyone loves my articles! They'll be *demanding*me
back! Just wait!"

A door slammed and after that Hermione didn't see or hear anything else
from her, although she suspected this would not be the end of things.
After a few minutes the deafening silence in the bull pen broke out into
low gossip. It wasn't hard to hear what they were saying, and luckily it
was nothing *too* disgruntled about her short little power trip. Very
few people had actually liked Sabbat, even though she was a natural
leader when she wasn't degrading everyone in the room.

After a few minutes, Ron walked into her office without knocking. She
was about to snap at him for barging in, but he tossed down his article
before she could say anything and she let it go. He sat silently,
watching her as she skimmed his article, occasionally marking it with
red ink.

"You alright?"

"I'm fine."

"You seem a bit stressed."

"I'm *fine*," she reiterated.

"…You did the right thing."

She looked at him, exasperated. "Oh, yes, I'm sure you think so. Abusing
my position to oust someone I don't agree with without consulting the
rest of the staff and then threatening her with physical violence is a
wonderful example to set."

He snorted. "Don't even. You gave her more chances than she deserved,
and she mistook that for weakness and deluded herself into thinking she
was somehow more important than she is. You did what was needed to
protect this paper and everyone who works here. That girl's poison and
we both know it."

"Forgive me if I don't take your assessment to heart. I may not have
called you on it in front of everyone, but she was right about you
threatening her. You would have cursed her if I hadn't interrupted."

Now it was Ron's turn to look angry. "I don't curse girls. Even girls
like *that*. I'd have *silenced* her, but that's it."

She held his glare for a moment, and finally nodded. Yes, that sounded
right. He would have silenced her, maybe even scared her a bit, but he
wouldn't have hurt her. He was Slytherin through and through, but he had
an honor code that he stuck to as rigidly as any Gryffindor. More so,
perhaps, given that so much of his personality was otherwise amoral.

"My mistake, but don't do it again."

He shrugged. "I don't have a beef with anyone else on board."

"With *anyone*."

He smirked. "Don't start power tripping on *me* now, princess. It didn't
work with for your brother and it didn't work for Potter, it sure as
hell won't work for you."

"If you don't get your temper under control, you're going to end up
expelled."

"Now there's the bit of sweetness we all know and love," he laughed.
"Don't worry about me. I can take care of myself. How's my article?"

"I doubt Professor Toure's going to let an article encouraging the
student body to riot unless quidditch is reinstated is going to make it
to print," she said blandly, but added, "No matter how well written."

He took decidedly cheeky about the compliment and she regretted giving
it.

"Well, we can't have the masses thinking we're under the professors'
thumbs now, can we? We'll lose their trust."

"I'll see what I can do. I'll have to speak with Professor Toure about
Sabbat anyway. No promises though."

He got up from his chair and did a mocking little bow.

"I leave it in your *very* capable hands."

He ducked out before she could snap something at him, and she settled
back in her chair. Honestly, he was incorrigible. Incorrigible, but at
least he was also on her side.

When Collin entered her office a few minutes later, timid about seeing
her after such a scary display of authority against Sabbat but needing
to run his photographs by her for approval, he was surprised to find
Granger was actually smiling.

\~ Page Break\~

"Would you like some of that peach schnapps, I know you're so fond of?"
Dr. Jacobi offered as Ira stiffly went about redressing. Her patient
shook her head, not meeting her eye. Poor dear, she really was
self-conscious about her body, and despite what the medi-witch had
thought of Professor Snape, her examination made it obvious to her that
the young woman hadn't been touched by a man in a long time, perhaps
since her first husband.

"How long before the results are ready?" Ira asked once fully dressed,
and was finally able to look at Jacobi more directly. Jacobi lead the
younger woman to her office so they could discuss the next steps.

"The blood tests should be ready in three days, but they won't mean much
until I can analyze the tissues sample I just collected, and that may
take several days depending on the initial results. I'm optimistic,
however. I'd like to see you again next Saturday."

Ira nodded, a bit distracted, obviously anxious. This was always the
worse part for the patient, not knowing if they could be helped or not,
wanting to be hopeful but afraid of yet another disappointment.

"Professor Snape did not come with you today," Jacobi said, hoping to
distract her.

"I… no, I didn't think…Umm… it's a bit embarrassing really."

"Oh? So he offered? What a supportive fiancé," she laughed. "Most men
are more squeamish about this stuff than the women who have to actually
go through it!"

This made Ira smile a bit, although she was blushing too.

"Yes, he's been really supportive. It was his idea to come here in the
first place. I'd never even heard of this type of medical practice
before… well, outside of the usual nonsense, of course. Drink ground up
unicorn horns, sleep with phoenix feather under the mattress, that sort
of thing. Even if I had known… I think I would have been too scared. I
never would have gotten this far without him."

"You two must be very close."

Ira's wistful smile faded somewhat.

"Do you think so? Would you find it funny to know that I've been on four
dates with him, and broken up with him on two of them?"

Actually, yes, Jacobi laughed mentally, but it quickly faded. She was
starting to wonder precisely what these two were up to.

"Ira," the medi-witch began, cautiously, because she was going to mix
personal and professional matters (how could it not when the creation of
a child was involved?). "Have you given any thought to what you and
Professor Snape will do if there's nothing that I can do for you?"

The younger woman nodded. "I'll let him go."

Jacobi thought on that for a long time, before she asked her next
question.

"Are you both together for the sole purpose of having a child?"

Ira opened her mouth, then closed it, then tried again.

"It's more complicated than that," she said, softly, "I love Severus. I
really do. He's the first man who ever made me feel like I was desired
in my life, and the only one who made me feel like a real woman
since…well, since Winston… I love him, and I'm grateful to him. That's
why I want him to have everything he wants, and he wants children. If I
can't give him that, then…I'll let him go find someone who can."

"And you? What will you do?"

"I'll go back to what I did before. Work. Look after my mother. Maybe
I'll try dating again. There are men out there who don't want children
or who are willing to adopt. Whatever happens, I'm not going to regret
having met him."

"You don't think he's selfish? Requiring you to have children before
he'll commit to you?"

Ira shook her head.

"He is just being honest, both to himself and to me. Love isn't enough.
Not in marriage. We both have to be completely honest if we're going to
make that sort of commitment. We'll only end up hating each other if we
don't."

Jacobi's profession brought her into contact with all sorts of people,
all sorts of families, and far more unhappy marriages than she liked to
think about. Young couples unprepared for the responsibility of a child
that turned on each other, women haunted by the sin of infidelity
against their husbands, unmarried women who through whatever course
found themselves with a child and no one to help them raise it, and even
women whose fertility lead the family into financial ruin. Ira and
Severus were not those sorts of people, yet she couldn't help but feel a
bit of anxiety over what they were trying to do. Their hopes, precious
and beautiful, were bound up in spider silk, ready to unweave at any
moment.

"True enough," she said, helplessly.

\~ Page Break\~

Harry took a train from London to Paris. It was not like the Hogwart's
Express beautiful and whimsical at once, but a military train, black and
ominous with armored plating and more protection smells on it than a
Gringotts' vault. The interior wasn't any friendlier. Their were no
private compartments in the passenger cars, only row upon row of open
seating for the optimum number of soldiers and personnel to be
transported from one place to another.

The passenger cars were all full with soldiers, and Harry's was no
exception. He had been invited to the officer's car before the trip
began, but opted to stay with the Beast Brigade. He said it was to keep
the werewolves and regular soldiers from getting into fights in such
closed quarters, but honestly he hadn't wanted to be left alone with a
bunch of witches and wizards of unknown intentions towards him. His
excuse, however, turned out to be perfectly legitimate.

The Beast Brigade lingered together at one end of the train car, the
soldiers on the other, and between them an invisible line none one would
cross. There was an obvious uneasy tolerance by both parties. It didn't
help that the witches and wizards looked decidedly uncertain of Harry's
safety, as several of the werewolves were engaging in dominance rituals
(swearing, arm wrestling, glaring matches, and general rough housing)
that the young Gryffindor had long since gotten used to (it was a very
rare instance where any of the alphas felt the need to challenge Harry,
either because he wasn't a werewolf or because his somewhat undefined
status exempted him) and that they weren't allowing anyone else near
Harry.

He suspected it had something to do with the letter he had hand
delivered to *Commander* Beartooth on Sirius' request, but it may simply
have been typical territorial pack behavior. He wasn't too concerned,
but it was obvious the other soldiers were. They knew who he was, and
they knew his rank and position both in a military and a political
context, and it just didn't seem *proper* for him to be slumming it with
the werewolves. Even if he was probably in the most highly secured
position on the entire train.

Harry would have liked to talk to the other soldiers, perhaps get the
werewolves to lighten up enough were they could interact civilly rather
than glare and posture their way around each other, but Beartooth would
have none of it, and Harry couldn't even pull rank on him. Not that it
would have done much good anyway.

So he resigned himself to the company of the werewolves, and settled in
to read the book he had picked up in London while they amused themselves
loudly around him. The book was on Animagi, one specifically recommended
by Remus from which the Marauders had originally learned their
shape-shifting skills, and he was lucky enough to find it in the
Londinium Public Library (the oldest wizarding library in Britain still
in existence) before he had to leave to board the train (and before
Beartooth nearly gave the librarian at the check-out desk a coronary).
It was not exactly a large book. In fact, compared to many of the great
tomes found in the Hogwarts library, it was actually rather modest, but
the print was small, and the phrasing obscure, perhaps because it was
meant for someone with a complete university education in
transfiguration *and* animal physiology. He very quickly wished he had
brought not only a dictionary, but perhaps Hermione as well. One thing
was obvious; he wasn't going to be doing any self-transformation anytime
soon.

Four hours into the trip and they were well into France, the skirmishes
had died down, the soldiers had started to relax, and Harry had given up
on his book and was watching the scenery pass by in his window. He
thought about his mission and what he wanted to accomplish, about his
godfathers looking anxious and guilty as he left them safely within
their territory, about the study date he had missed with Hermione, and
most of all he thought about the little bag of herbs in his back pocket
and whether he shouldn't just toss them out the window or the nearest
trash bin.

He couldn't keep taking them. He knew that. Had known it before Jane had
spoken to him, but now the reasons were more *explicit*. Taking the
herbs was not only bad for his body, but bad for his soul. Blasphemous,
Jane had said, although he doubted he could trust her anymore. She had
manipulated him that day at the funeral, and he suspected she was
manipulating him now or at least trying to. Maybe taking the herbs so
often now would give him an immunity later on, so that he couldn't be
possessed or go into a trance or whatever it was that had happened.

He still couldn't keep taking it, even if that were the case. The side
affects couldn't be brushed aside as simple fatigue for much longer.
Someone would figure it out, Hermione or Snape or *anyone* really, and
then the whole point of taking it- not letting people realize he was
probably going crazy- would backfire spectacularly. Lt. Harold James
Potter of his Lordship's Army, student of the most prestigious school in
Britain, diplomat, drug addict, and potential psychotic.
Fan-bloody-tastic.

So he had to get rid of it.

Except that he couldn't.

At least, not now. This trip was going to be stressful, there was no
getting around that, and he was already anxious about more things than
he could count. This wasn't like at Hogwarts, where at least if he had a
fit, he would be the only one directly hurt by it. If he had an anxiety
attack while with the queen or while addressing the werewolf refugees or
while touring the forts with the Culties, the results would be
humiliating for all of Britain with potentially disastrous results. He
needed to find something safer to replace them with first. Which would
probably require a prescription from a medi-witch or wizard, and that
wasn't something he could be discreet about while in France.

He was such an idiot. He should have gone to Madam Pomfrey from the
start. She would have understood. She dealt with stressed out students
all the time, she *had* to have given out some anti-anxiety potions. Or
did you need parents' permission for that? Would she need Snape's
permission? Voldemort's?

Stupid, don't think about it. Just get through this trip and the first
thing you do when you get back is go to Pomfrey. She's a meddlesome
woman, but she's also discreet. If it's just for a little while, maybe
she won't say anything, and you can find something more permanent.
Charms or something. Maybe there's a God of Calm, Happy thoughts out
there. Yeah, okay, you've got a plan.

Now you can think about something else.

Like whether or not the Beast Brigade is actually going to be more than
cannon fodder for Voldemort's games and what the chances of getting back
home without being kidnapped or attacked by Germans were.

That occupied his thoughts for the remaining two and a half hours, and
much to his self-disgust resulted in him needing to discreetly swallow a
few leaves of the Du'on nadi. No one noticed, or if they did they
probably assumed it was just candy or gum. The anxiety melted away into
a cool detachment, but his concerns seemed just as valid as before. He
had a bad feeling about this trip, and the feeling would not dissipate
even under the influence of the herbs.

He was still feeling detached and a little drowsy by the time they
pulled into the station house in Paris, but after nearly seven hours on
the train he wasn't the only one. There was a lot of yawning and
stretching as the Culties roused themselves for their departure from the
train. Harry pulled his duffle bag from the overhead storage
compartments, along with his sword (another reason for concern because
when he had found it in his luggage that morning he could not recall
having packed it before leaving and its spontaneous appearance usually
involved immediate and life-threatening danger) which he strapped to his
side. The Culties did not generally carry swords, but the Beast Brigade
did (un-ornate, but enchanted to be light-weight and strong with the
ability to deflect some simple hexes; Harry had considered several ways
to make them even stronger defensively) and no one thought twice about
him carrying one of his own, even if it was of a finer quality than the
others. He strapped it to his side and followed Beartooth closely as
they exited the train.

The train station was packed with military personnel, mostly British but
also several French officers and even a handful of Musketeers, plus a
few reporters and photographers milling about to talk to the soldiers.
Harry made it a point to keep himself as obscure as possible behind the
larger bodies of the soldiers, but it didn't take long for one
particularly sharp reporter to spot him and scurry in his direction. The
reporter, a scruffy young fellow in a leather trench coat and a quill in
his fedora, pulled up short when several of the werewolves turned
towards him and *growled*.

"Ah…" he started cautiously, holding up his hands to show he wasn't
carrying a wand or any other sort of weapon, "Ezcuze me…um… you are
Harold Potter, yes?" His accent was heavy, his English stilted, but he
kept stumbling through it. "Why are you 'ere? France? In France? Why are
you in France? Are you staying far?"

Harry just blinked at him, and several other men snickered at his broken
English.

A camera flash caused him to jump, his wand leaping into his hand
without thought, but Beartooth was already shoving him behind him while
the rest of the pack rose up around him in a singular,
well-orchestrated, and unspoken move. Harry would have been impressed
except now he couldn't see a damn thing now.

An argument broke out, in English (some of it heavily accented) at
first, but then followed by French as others seemed to join in. It only
lasted a minute and Beartooth and the others relaxed and the their
formation widened enough that Harry could see both the reporter and what
was probably his photographer speaking to a musketeer dressed in blue
and his young apprentice dressed in red. He couldn't tell what they were
saying to the reporters, but they were obviously not happy about it.
They also obviously weren't going to argue because the reporter nodded
once and stalked off. Then the musketeer turned to their unit, and Harry
once again found himself being shoved behind Beartooth.

"Oh, for Merlin's sake!" Harry snapped and stepped around the alpha.
"Would you relax? What are you going to do when I meet Her Majesty?
Tackle her to the ground?"

The musketeer let out a laugh, rich and rolling, his faced curved with
humor beneath his lightly graying beard. It was something of a relief
after an entire day with so many glowering faces.

"As funny as that might be to see, please don't. She would be quite put
off with my men and me if that were to happen. Lieutenant Bodine, at
your service." The man took off his hat and made a dramatic bowing
gesture, never taking his eyes off of them. Harry saluted him, and after
a moment Beartooth did so reluctantly as well.

The name sounded vaguely familiar, and after a split second Harry turned
to his apprentice. He did a double take. The apprentice smiled.

"Fleur? What did you do to your hair?!"

Gone was the flowing blonde hair that had seemed to dance with her every
movement, and in its place was a shockingly short head of dark blond
curls, the kind he might expect to find on a boy. In fact, he had
thought she was a boy up to this point. She just grinned at him and
pulled off her hat. There wasn't any more hair under there either.

"You do not need to look quite so 'orrified! It will grow back!" she
laughed, and opened her arms. He slipped passed the other werewolves and
into her hug, laughing himself. He hadn't seen or heard from Fleur since
summer, and seeing her now was an unexpected surprise of the good
variety. Lieutenant Bodine laughed.

"Come, my friends!" he said, gesturing towards the werewolves, "Let me
take you to your living quarters before young Monsieur Potter 'ere runs
away with my apprentice."

The hotel that was putting them all up was only half a block from the
station, which the entire Brigade and most of the other Culties marched
to. Fleur gave Harry an apprentice's overcoat and hat as a disguise,
telling him that his visit was a secret one until he was safely returned
to Britain. The greatest protection they could offer him was anonymity.

There was a bit of a problem once they reached the hotel, however. It
seemed that while the soldiers themselves were being housed there, a few
of the higher ranking officers had been invited to the palace and Harry
was among the requested. Beartooth wasn't having any of it. He stated
plainly that Harry was in his keep and he had no intention of letting
him go anywhere without *werewolf* security. Bodine discussed it with
him for several minutes, during which time Fleur snuck Harry out the
back before anyone noticed. This seemed like a sure fire way to cause an
'international incident', but Fleur assured him that by the time Bodine
was done with Beartooth everything would be smoothed over. There was a
closed carriage waiting for them in the alleyway behind the hotel,
complete with a footman and driver in resplendent matching uniforms and
a quick, amused look that reminded Harry of Bodine.

They climbed into the carriage together and once alone, the playful
atmosphere suddenly dissolved. They stared at each other for a long
moment, each in their own uniform, both of them little more than
teenagers and serving their respective countries at the potential cost
of their lives.

"'Ow are you, 'Arry?" she said at last. "You look tired."

"It was a long ride. I am alright."

"I 'erd about what 'appened at ze werewolf colony. I am very sorry."

He shook his head. "It was bad. It was very, very bad. I was there just
after… I… don't want to talk about that. That's over and done with.
There are other things to worry about now."

"Berlin," she agreed. "And more?" she asked.

"And more," he agreed. Her expression was sympathetic, but he didn't
think she really understood what he was saying or if she did it meant
something entirely different to her than it did to him.

"Viktor's missing," she said suddenly.

"What? How do you-"

"Everyone knows. It's in all the papers. He was supposed to play at a
match with Italy a few days ago but never showed. Apparently, he told
some of his teammates he was going to Berlin for the election."

Harry closed his eyes. He had expected this. Not in Berlin and not so
soon, but eventually, somewhere and somehow Viktor would find the enemy
he had been looking for.

"He may still be alive," Fleur said, a statement of fact rather than
just a mere possibility. "He's smart, he might be in hiding or he might
not be there at all. He may be using this as a way to disappear."

He nodded, but it didn't matter. Dead or alive, he doubted he would ever
see Viktor again and that was a loss he didn't realize he would feel so
keenly. They had saved each other's lives, and shared a time that was
both frantic with joy and fear. He wondered if he should keep this from
Hermione.

\~ Page Break\~

Beartooth was not happy with Harry when he returned to the hotel that
night, but there was little he could do now that it was done and
frankly, he wasn't going to get in an argument over it. Harry was not,
technically, an alpha, but his shamanic status put him beyond the direct
control of any alpha, and to some extent even out of the control of the
Head Alpha. The young wizard had been touched by both Rhiannon and
Greyback, and despite the misfortune that befell the Goddess Clan, it
seemed the boy was leading the werewolves to a future of glory and
prosperity that they had never known. He never doubted that was the
boy's intention in any event.

So he let Harry off with a glower, and instructions to get a full
night's sleep. He complied gratefully, barely making it to his bed
before collapsing. Walking up the next morning, Beartooth had to all but
drag Harry out of bed, while the other men laughed to themselves as
their leader was made to play mother. A shower and two cups of coffee,
and the boy finally woke up enough to take care of himself.

"Queen Ophelia wants me to visit Vosges. They have a colony in the
mountains there that's been particularly restless. I believe she wants
me to recruit the more discontented werewolves into our army, so that
the colony can stabilize in their absence."

Beartooth grunted, taking another bite out of his ham. He would give the
Frenchies credit for one thing, they knew how to treat their guests.
After two weeks of mess hall dining, it was good to have some *real*
food, even if the wait staff looked distinctly horrified by his men's
table manners.

"We could use the extra man-power," Beartooth said plainly. He had
twenty good men and women, but that was small pickings for a military
unit. Right now he didn't have anyone to replace the casualties they
were likely to suffer either, and definitely none suitable to lead in
his place if he were killed. Harry shook his head though.

"I want to see the Lorraine's Gate and the Stroudsburg Gate[^105-1] and their
commanders first before I recommend the military for any of them. I
would have preferred seeing them before you all got dragged here to be
quite frank," he said, looking irritated. Further down the table, Ire
and Deepbite were getting into a scuffle over the last buttermilk
biscuit, and Beartooth let out a warning growl. Harry shot them a
warning look of his own. The older werewolf wasn't entirely sure whose
warning had them more cowed in the end.

"You needn't be so worried. We *can* hold our own against wizards.
Greyback proved that in the last war, and thousands of years of
continued existence proved it before that."

Harry's eerie green eyes looked up into his, sharp as knives and just as
dangerous.

"It isn't just about survival. You deserve *more* than just surviving.
This is about respect. *Mutual* respect. You are men, as well as beasts,
and should be respected as both. I would not see you mistreated simply
because others believe they can get away with it or even because you do
not really care."

Ah, yes, this was why he was putting his faith in this frail child. More
than Blackbone's commands, more than simple protectiveness for a pack
mate, Harry was the future. He saw things not just as they were, but how
they *should* be, and possibly how they *could* be. Beartooth didn't
hold much faith in wizarding kind, but here lay the exception. Here sat
a miracle-worker.

The vivid green stare slid sideways, back to Ire and Deepbite, who were
now cat-calling a nervous young waitress bringing an extra tray of food.

"*Respect*," Harry snarled, causing the two misfits to fall silent.
"Works both ways. Stop embarrassing our unit." When they looked down,
appropriately contrite and the waitress could gratefully continue doing
her job unharassed, he turned back to Beartooth. "I know you don't like
wizards much, and I don't blame you considering, but please *try* to get
along with them. You might find yourself delightfully surprised every so
often."

Beartooth shrugged, as if it was inconsequential, but he would try if
only because he had more faith in the boy's vision than he did his own.
He wanted what was best for the werewolves. He had been a part of them
since before the war, a listless young muggle looking for a purpose or
at least a job, while hitchhiking across the English countryside when
his life took an unusual turn. Surviving the werewolf attack had been
the easy part, surviving as a werewolf in the wizarding world was
another matter altogether. The war had actually made things *better* for
him, providing him a place to go and regular in employment under
Greyback, even if the work was dirty, but by then he had learned to hate
witches and wizards and hadn't cared. Greyback had made him proud of his
own strength, but there was little pride to be found in their history.
Murder and persecution stretched back to time immemorial, and this new
war was just a continuation of that for him. Only now it was revenge,
cold and bitter and delicious, but as inconsequential as every other
fight before it. If Harry could find consequence in it, find meaning and
purpose for what they were doing, then he would try his best to help
him.

Even if he did have to play nice with other soldier boys… and the
occasional waitress.

\~Page break\~

"Morgana! Alyssa! It's time to go!" Kyle called out for what seemed like
the thirtieth time in ten minutes. He was tired and aggravated after
helping the movers pack up their belongings for most of the day, and he
still had to get the children to the new house and then get some
groceries to make dinner before he could call an end to the day.

"I can't find Izzy!" Alyssa whined, looking ready to burst out into
tears as she scurried down the stairs.

"Oh, baby, we probably packed her up with the rest of your dolls. She's
on her way to the cottage right now. Just like we should be," he said,
trying to keep his voice sympathetic, when his patience was all but in
tatters.

"But I had her just a minute ago! I know she was with me after the truck
left!" she insisted. "I can't go without her! She'll be scared all by
herself!"

Kyle sighed. "Alright, I'll help you look for her. Where's your sister?"

Alyssa shrugged and ran off to continue her search. Robert came into the
foyer from the study and watched her disappear. He shared a sympathetic
look with his husband.

"It's just anxiety," he said, "They're worried about leaving. They've
never lived anywhere but here. It'll be alright."

"I wish you were coming with us. They would feel so much safer if they
knew you were with us. I'd feel safer too."

"It'll be alright," he promised, "I just need to finish up with these
last two clients, and then I'll join you Sairg as soon as I'm done. I'll
be by every Sunday in the meantime. We talked about this, remember?"

Kyle nodded but didn't look any happier. Morgana trudged into the foyer,
with a glass of milk and a plate of cookies.

"Where are your coat and gloves?!" Kyle demanded. She just shrugged.

"I got hungry waiting for her to find her stupid doll."

"She's not stupid! Izzy's the top of her class!" Alyssa shouted from
somewhere upstairs. Kyle ran his hand through his hair in frustration.
Robert just glowered.

"I'll handle this," Robert said, taking the glass of milk and cookie
from Morgana and calling Alyssa down stairs and into the kitchen. Five
minutes later they re-emerged, both of them looking very subdued, but
dressed and ready to go. "They won't give you any problems for the rest
of the day."

Kyle wasn't sure if he should laugh or cry. "What am I going to do
without you?"

"Funny, I was wondering the same thing."

"Promise you'll be safe?"

"I promise. The Fortifyers[^105-2] will be in this Thursday to secure the
house, and I'll be done with business before Christmas. Nothing's going
to happen before then. Just be patient." He turned to his daughters, who
were still looking sulky from their reprimand. "And you mind your dad,
you hear? I'll be by every Sunday to make sure of it."

They nodded petulantly, but didn't turn away when he bent down and
kissed both their foreheads and hugged them. Kyle took his turn as well,
holding tight for a moment longer than was really necessary.

"I love you."

"I love you too, you silly sap. Be careful."

And with that, they left for the central Floo station in the Court
district. Their private floo had been de-activated a week before as part
of a city wide security measure, so that only a few select places in the
city was connected to the national floo network. It was one of many
security measures that had convinced the Reicher patriarchs that it was
time to get out of the city before whatever the Court feared would
happen did happen.

They had talked about what to do several times in the last month, until
at last Robert decided to rent a cottage out in the Scottish
countryside, in a little wizarding town called Sairg that was so obscure
it wasn't even listed on ninety-percent of the maps he had looked at. He
would send Kyle and the children ahead to settle in while he finished
his business obligations in London, then join them until the worst of
the fighting was over. His tentative association with Harry had resulted
in an unexpected influx of business by several very wealthy clients,
many of whom were stationed out of their own country estates away from
the big cities and he was confident he could continue to support his
family from the little cottage and the London flat in the mean time.

They really were going to have to thank Harry for that later.

All of this was practical and responsible and for the best, but Kyle
couldn't help but look back at their little townhouse at least once, and
feel an uneasy regret. Would it still be there when they decided to come
back? Did it even matter, so long as man still inside was with them in
the end?

"Come on, dad, I'm still hungry," Morgana whined, tugging him along. He
forced a smile as he turned back to his daughters, staring up at him
expectantly.

"Oh, *now* you're in a hurry to go!"

\~ Page Break\~

Lord Voldemort arrived in Paris two hours after Harry's departure, but
did not overly concern himself with that. His protégé would be back in
Paris in a few days, and they could discuss his progress then. For now,
he intended to focus all his attentions on Her Majesty and take full
advantage of the courtesy she was bestowing on him during his visit.

At this moment, he was enjoying her company in the palace solarium, a
refuge of warmth and lush foliage in the gloom of winter. From somewhere
way above them he could hear the soft twitter of birds, and brief
flashes of red and gold. The room its self was like an enormous gilded
birdcage, with magnificent granite and marble mosaic of Apollo and his
burning chariot spread across the floor. A tea set had been laid out for
the sake of decorum, just as the ladies-in-waiting and his own 'man
servant' positioned unobtrusively at one end of the room were, even
knowing that if either one of them decided to do something
'inappropriate' none of them could have done a damn thing about it.

The queen herself was looking no less resplendent than the room in a
white and gold gown, the bodice accentuating the beauty of her feminine
form, the seemingly endless tapestry of lace, pearls, and gold silk
accentuating the beauty of the human imagination. Her wide, dark eyes
should have made her look innocent but instead gave an air of
magnanimity and the not-quite there curve of her mouth a gentle humor.

He could see why his young protégé would fall in love with her, however
childish that love, but it was not attraction (although she was very
attractive) that drew him to her. It was power, and they both knew it.
Etiquette allowed them to pretend otherwise.

"You have made a great many people angry with you," she said gently. The
smile he gave her was not gentle, but he could tell by the slight hitch
in her breath that she liked it.

"Have I made you angry at me, your Majesty?"

"Angry? No. Concerned? Very."

"Then I feel doubly blessed. For having avoided your ire and been
bestowed with your concern for my well-being at the same time. I am,
indeed, a lucky man."

"I am not sure if I should admire your confidence or disdain your
arrogance," she admitted, her expression never changing. "It is only a
matter of time before the Germans re-group to attack you… perhaps attack
my countrymen as well."

He raised an eyebrow. "I doubt I am the only one in this room who hopes
that is very much the case."

She tilted her head, her eyes narrowing ever so slightly.

"Do you believe me so eager for war?"

"No, of course not. War is just a means to an end. Like fundraising or
studying. I believe you are eager for change."

"What sort of change do you think I am looking for?"

"The same kind I am looking for. A revival. A return to the glory days
of our respective histories, when our politicians were the great
thinkers, warriors, and dreamers of their day rather than the spineless
sycophants to the mob we now have. Mediocrity has weakened our people,
just as brutality and decadence ruined our people before that. It is
time to revive that which is worth reviving and learn from that which
should remain buried. This war will shake Europe from the apathy that
has overrun it, and force the ordinary to the extraordinary and the
extraordinary to take responsibility. The threat of imminent death has a
way of doing that."

"You have an interesting way of looking at war."

"Fire is my element. I have an interesting way of looking at anything
that is traditionally seen as destructive."

"Hate?"

"The spiritual rejection of an injustice."

"Fear?"

"A means of survival, of the body, the soul, and society as a whole."

"Betrayal?"

"The limit of tolerance. There must be limit to everything. All of these
ideas have their limitations. They are habitually destructive, but
destruction is as necessary as construction for survival and for growth.
I notice you did not mention 'love'."

He leaned in just a little, and her mouth curved up a fraction so that
her not-smile was now a very modest grin. At the other end of the room,
the ladies-in-waiting held their breath and the manservant frowned
uncertainly.

"Do you see love as destructive?"

"Of course. I thought the French had a very good understanding of this.
So much of your literature has love end badly. But love is dual in
nature, just like hate and fear and betrayal. It inspires us to acts of
selfishness and selflessness, for joy and despair, and is the motivation
of countless acts of conception and of murder. It is a source of some of
the most powerful magic in existence."

"And you have known this sort of magic?" There was the slightest, barely
there hint of flirtation in that question, but he missed it due to the
mental jolt of the words themselves. Had he known that sort of magic?
Oh, yes. Not the exact kind she was thinking of, but…

He recovered quickly enough to give his own vaguely flirtation response
without a hint of hesitation.

"It is also the *rarest* sort of magic."

Let her interpret that as she would.

\~ Page Break\~

By early afternoon, the coffee had worn off and Harry was seriously
wanting to hit someone. Beartooth had been willing enough to *ignore*
the other Culties that morning, but neither he nor the rest of the unit
expressed any interest in interacting with them either. If fact, they
didn't seem to care one way or another about anything as they were
flooed from Paris to the Lorraine's Gate, an abandoned castle at the
base of a small mountain that had been reclaimed and refurbished by the
French government to accommodate their British allies, and were escorted
around the premises.

As far as Harry could tell it was a very fine facility if a little tight
in the way of space, and the surrounding countryside was thick with old
growth trees and rocky hills. The sort of place the werewolves could
patrol and hunt in and feel at home, but which they seemed to show very
little interest in. To make matters worse, the commander in charge was
personally showing off the grounds and having detected their
disinterest, was becoming increasingly irritated himself.

"If our fortification doesn't meet with your standards," General Maxxis
said, gritting his teeth as Beartooth snorted quietly. Harry shot the
werewolf a warning look. They were alone in the man's office, a rather
somber little, and he didn't want to have to be the adult one out of the
three. "You can always request a position elsewhere."

"General," Harry said with more calm than he felt, sitting in one of the
chairs and trying to swallow what had to be the worst tea in the
province, "Please do not take my friend's attitude to heart. We are all
tired from our travels, and neither of us has the experience to critique
this base one way or the other. He is placing his faith in my judgment,
and as far as I can tell you meet all the requirements I think necessary
to house this unit."

Maxxis, who was middle-aged and had the look of a Sentinel without the
scars, nodded and seemed to calm somewhat. He eyed Harry curiously for a
minute.

"It's an odd world we live in," he said. "When I was your age my biggest
concern was whether my old man was going to flog me for failing
Arithmancy."

Harry smiled a bit ruefully. "Oh, I'm still worried about failing
Arithmancy too. I just have a few other things to worry about as well."

The commander nodded, but didn't smile back. He drummed his fingers for
a moment, thinking. Then spoke again. "If you wouldn't mind, we have
some time before your escort arrives to take you to the Stroudsburg
Gate, and it would mean a lot to my men if you could talk with them a
bit. Nothing formal, just shake a few hands, trade a few names. It might
go a long way to ease any tension between them and well…"

"The nasty little beasties…" Beartooth finished with unfriendly little
grin.

"Your words, not mine, but perfectly accurate if this your general
behavior!" Maxxis snapped. Harry could feel a headache come on. He held
up a hand to interrupt them both.

"*Respect*," Harry reminded them both, but doubted it was any use.
Beartooth was already in a tiff about something and now had Maxxis's
hackles up. Maybe that was a good thing. Better to know that pairing
them together wasn't going to work *before* the real fighting started.
He had to hope he would have better at Stroudsburg Gate. In the
meantime, there was no reason *not* to visit the other soldiers
stationed here just because their commander was oversensitive. Maybe
Beartooth just needed *practice*interacting with wizards without
antagonizing them. "Alright, I would like that. Mind if I borrow your
bathroom for a minute first?"

"Certainly, go right ahead."

The door had barely closed and already he could hear Maxxis and
Beartooth muttering things at each other. He closed his eyes and
wondered what he should do. He didn't trust placing Beartooth in the
other's command, and likewise it was dangerous to leave the werewolf
with someone he didn't respect enough to obey. But could he really
request the unit be stationed somewhere else? Stroudsburg, maybe, if
they didn't pick up any more recruits from the colony and overcrowded
the barracks, but there was no guarantee that fort would be any better
than this one. What was Beartooth's problem anyway?

Merlin, what if he couldn't find *anywhere* that they could fit in?
Perhaps they could be stationed out of a private post, but that was only
temporary solution. They had to integrate with the army at some point,
and the sooner the better.

Almost without thinking, he reached into his pocket, grabbed a few
leaves, and placed them in his mouth. A sense of calm detachment
descended. Descended a little too quickly. The room swam in front of him
for a moment, darkened, and with it came noise, growls and laughter and
then pressure against his chest. It only lasted a moment, and the world
brightened and then righted itself, and he found himself staring blankly
at a shattered mirror, his reflection broken into a dozen pieces. He
blinked, and spun around but there was nothing and no one there. He
looked at his hand to see if he had hit the mirror, but the skin was
whole and untouched.

What happened?

Shakily, he withdrew his wand and fixed the mirror. Maybe… maybe he had
taken too much Du' on nadi. Had he taken some this morning and forgotten
about it? He didn't remember doing so, but then again he had been groggy
that morning so perhaps had just forgotten about it. It didn't *feel*
like an overdose. He had never broken anything during the few incidents
where he had taken too much. He didn't feel any different than he
normally did after a normal dose, but *what the hell was that?*

A warning perhaps?

A knock on the door made him jump.

"You okay in there, Harry?" Beartooth asked.

"Uh, yeah… just a second."

Later, he could wonder about it later.

\~ Page Break\~

Bobby lingered in the upper tiers of the hill lodge with the other birds
and minor sprites, trying not to fidget too much lest he gain the
unwanted attention of the fae below. Dwarves and gnomes mostly,
uninterested in someone of Bobby's skill, but scattered about were a few
of the more dangerous members of the Seelie court; a veela, an earth
elf, a young rock lord, any of whom might find a traveler of his skill
and knowledge quite useful. If he were above ground, he would not be so
nervous, but inside of a fairy hill Raecellos' influence and more
importantly his protection was greatly diminished.

Normally, he would avoid a hill unless specifically invited inside,
allowing for the protection of the host, but he needed information, the
sort that one only seemed to find in the drunken ramblings in the
taverns of the Underground. Nothing made fairies more philosophical than
drink, and the philosophical discussion that resulted always involved on
of three things; love, sex, or politics. Occasionally all three could be
worked into a ramble, but usually it was one or the other.

Bobby was hoping for politics, because he had been hearing some
disturbing whispers among the wind sprites. Normally, they were too
frivolous and scatterbrained to take seriously and forgot what they were
talking about within minutes of saying it, but for the last two days the
gossip had been unusually persistent albeit vague.

*Harry, Twilight Seeker, Gilhalmelan* they all chattered and laughed.

*Greyback, Devil God, the Black Wolf King,* they all growled and hissed.

Nothing to worry about really. These were common enough names these
days, Harry being the latest pawn of the gods and Greyback being the
newest of an otherwise diminishing pantheon. It was the fact that they
were being mentioned *together* that had Bobby worried now.

"Bullocks!" snarled a particularly irritated gnome. "First god we've had
in… what? A hundred years? Two hundred? And it's got to be a damned
*war* god, just what the hell we need. Nasty fellow too."

"I hear he's got a wife and kids, but you don't see them none. Keeps
them in their den, asleep. For protection… or maybe they're dead and
he's just weird," his rather subdued drinking companion muttered. "He's
got a whole court in that den. Servants and gold and meat and weapons.
All of it. Won't hire out locally though, and that's bloody unfair.
How's an honest chap suppose to get any work what with all the minor
gods dying off and the few new ones comes along aren't hiring?"

The irritated gnome snorted. "Who'd want to work for that freak? Got
blood on the brains. Crazy."

"Like a fox," murmured the earth elf, inviting herself into the
conversation. She was rather fox like in appearance herself, with a
pointed face and black gloved paws for hands. Sipping her wine, she
waited a moment to see if her bait had been taken, and when the gnomes
waited for her to elaborate she continued. "He's a god. Not a fairy.
He's got plans. They all have bigger plans. He was in his den-kingdom
until a few days ago, but now he's traveled to the mainland. What do you
suppose he's doing there?"

The gnomes looked to each other, apparently having not heard of this
latest bit of gossip. Bobby leaned in as far as the shadows would allow.

"What's he up too then?"

She shrugged. "I don't know, but the Twilight Seeker left for the
mainland a few days ago too. Maybe he's following him."

"What for? He gonna kill him?"

"Maybe."

"Naw, he'd protect him, yeah? He was a part of his old pack, yeah?"

"Maybe."

"Except it might be the boy's fault they all got killed."

"Maybe. We won't know until the Black Wolf King catches up to him, now
will we?"

The gnomes made some sort of reply, but Bobby had already retreated to
the shadows and into one of the little rabbit tunnels that would lead
him outside.

He had heard enough.

\~ Page Break\~

They huddled silently in the dark of their cellar, relying on the light
of a single candle. Their furnace had stopped working the day before,
and nothing they did seemed capable of restarting it. Lanterns and
candles were in short supply in Berlin, the Culties having taken to
raiding the local residences and business for supplies in order to
replenish their dwindling stores. Despite the initial thrill of their
semi-successful assault on the British supply, Viktor and his rebels
were now keenly feeling the backlash of their actions.

The Culties were pillaging those few places that had survived the
initial raid, ousting stranded witches and wizards from what little
shelter was available into the streets, stripped of anything of use from
food and candles to parchment and medicines. Men and women were
interrogated at random and not all of them walked away from the
experience. The result was a lot of desperate witches and wizards
roaming the streets, looking for food and for shelter, the strongest of
them forcing out the weaker until it was almost as dangerous to meet a
German wizard as it was to meet a British one.

To make matters worse, the Culties had begun to massacre the local owl
population. They killed them by the dozens in the owlrys, in the air,
when they found them in residences, or anywhere else. There were rumors
that the Culties were intending to eat them, but Viktor and the others
knew better. Their previous plan would not work again.

And still, Viktor refused to relent.

"We mustn't waiver," he stated firmly. "We must increase our efforts.
They are desperate. We've *made* them desperate."

"Yeah, along with everyone else in the damn city," Ernst grumbled.
Viktor ignored him.

"What do you have for me?" he asked the others instead. Ada spoke up
first.

"I got the maps you wanted; although I don't know how much good they'll
do you. Some of them are at least a hundred years old. Half the routes
are probably blocked or destroyed by now."

"I'll worry about that later. They'll be a good starting point for what
I want to do. Eleonore?"

The former journalist smiled, and it was decidedly unpleasant. She did
not take kindly to the injustices she saw being perpetrated, and it
showed in the casual mercilessness with which she had completed her
assignment.

"It's been arranged. We'll have our weapons. I can't guarantee it's not
a trap. These aren't the most trustworthy guys we're dealing with."

"It'll be fine. We know more about them then they do about us- ugh!"
Viktor choked at a sudden wave of pain, unable to catch himself before
letting the pained moan escape. Immediately, Clemens was on his feet and
checking his wounded arm. They may have had plenty of food, but medical
supplies was a different matter altogether, and Viktor's wounded arm was
slow to heal without the aide of potions. Clemens did what he could, but
his knowledge was limited to first aide, and aside from a few wound
cleaning and clotting spells not of much use.

"Dammit, Viktor," the bespectacled man admonished, unwinding the bloody
cloth he had been using as a bandage. "You need a medi-wizard! You're
going to bleed out or get an infection at this rate!"

He shook his head, and carefully extracted his arm, his expression once
again masked by his usual resolve.

"It is nothing. God damn, vampire. Must have been trying to take
advantage of all the fighting to hide her feeding. She might not be
alone either. Keep your wits about you if you go out at night, got
that?"

They all nodded obediently, not buying his attempt at distraction.
Viktor was strong, but his wound worried all of them. He had every
intention of helping them in the actual fighting, maybe even doing most
of it himself, and he could not afford to have such a weakness. For now,
however, there was nothing they could do but try and keep him from
straining himself or making any reckless decisions before he was
properly healed.

"Alright," he continued. "I'll review the maps tonight, and we'll
investigate the tunnels tomorrow morning. We'll worry about the weapons
when they're ready. Everyone get some sleep. It'll be a long day
tomorrow."

\~ Page Break\~

Katarina hunted the streets near where she had seen her prey escape
first, but after two nights of fruitless searching, she moved deeper
into the city in search of him. She had hoped that the Culties would
have identified him for her, but the numerous wanted posters offering a
reward for information on the 'terrorists' responsible for the Depot
Explosion told her otherwise. Horace seemed utterly uninterested in the
matter beyond the fact that it had conveniently eliminated one of the
three places he suspected housed the ward hub and inconveniently
increased security. She hadn't told him about the man who had escaped
her, and didn't tell him that she was hunting him still. They were
pointedly ignoring each other as much as possible.

So now she hung to the shadows of Lintz Street, haunting the alleyways
and rooftops, hunting open cellars and abandoned ramparts. Prey was
numerous, newly displaced and increasingly desperate, unarmed witches
and wizards searched recklessly in the darkness for entrances to half
destroyed buildings in hopes of getting out of the wind and coming snow,
if not the cold altogether.

She ignored them. Let her children find them and feast. She had
something a little more… challenging in mind.

\~ Page Break\~

"Civilians keep coming in demanding information or for action or
whatever," Auror Juelsvene complained to the other half dozen men around
the table. The sun had set, and they were gathering to discuss their
progress, or lack there of. "They're making a damn nuisance of
themselves. Half of them don't know their way around the city, and my
men have their hands full just keeping them from wandering into the
muggle areas!"

Oblitz closed his eyes and shook his head in irritation.

"We can't have civilians in an open combat zone. If some of them want to
stay and *help* I'm sure we can find jobs for them to do, but otherwise
I want them out of the entire city. The Dark Lord will have to send
additional troops and supplies eventually, and if they're still here
when that happens it's going to be a bloody mess! Start the evacuation
first thing in the morning."

"What about the people who live here?"

"Give them two days notice and then get them out of here, as well. We
could use the space."

No one looked happy to have to oust people from their homes, but Oblitz
was right. It was too dangerous for civilians to be loitering around.
They had received news just that morning that the Dark Lord had moving
more troops into Poland and France, and more attacks seemed inevitable.

"Have we heard anything from the Austrians?" Oblitz asked.

"Nothing yet," a tired looking female Auror said, sighing. "I don't
expect we will for another day or two. The minister will sit on his
hands for as long as possible. I sent a request to some members of the
Wizengamot to host an emergency session to help speed things along, but
I don't know if it will do any good."

Oblitz snorted in disgust. "What about the Swiss?"

"Some good news, some bad. The Minister has agreed to lend us two
hundred men, but they reserve the right to call them back if they come
under attack themselves. We received a missive from Rome promising three
hundred on the condition that we collaborate to assassinate the 'Dark
Spawn of the Devil Gods'. I assume they meant Lord Voldemort."

"Sounds reasonable to me."

The other men shared a look at that. They were *not* Voldemort fans, but
they knew attempting to kill a man… a being… of that great a political
*and* magical power was easier said than done. He had already destroyed
most of their political infrastructure and overrun their capital. The
German Wizengamot, who was laughably weak and ineffectual in comparison
with its neighbors, had been called to into session in Dresden to take
the helm until a new Minister could be found, but they were slow to make
decisions and several members were attempting to use the opportunity to
increase the power of the Wizengamot and themselves by proxy. Oblitz
received orders from them every couple of hours and he ignored them for
the most part. He didn't technically have the authority to ask for aid
from other countries without their permission, but until someone
actually questioned him (and for the last couple of weeks no one had
dared) he wasn't going to question it himself.

And if someone did question him, he wasn't above insuring that they
never did so again.

\~ Page Break\~

Crowded into the undersized mess hall, hot from the crowd of bodies and
the warmly glowing lanterns, Harry was starting to feel a bit dizzy. He
had traveled to Stroudsburg Gate, done another rather unproductive tour,
and by nightfall had moved on to the colonies where a very enthusiastic
crowd was waiting for him.

"It is so good to meet you in person! I cannot believe how young you
are!"

"I wish to fight! Let me fight for you! I will make you proud, I swear!"

"Please let me shake your hand!"

Beartooth's characteristic over protectiveness had all but disappeared
once they had entered the Vosges-Woolf , a two hundred strong colony
with a disproportionate number of grown men eager to be out fighting
rather than rebuilding their lives. The colony itself was only partially
constructed, and much of it appeared to have been done by wizards. The
buildings were all wooden and cabin like, but with little character,
much like the clothing the werewolves wore which were practical brown
wool robes that all looked the same. Harry supposed they had not yet
acquired the skills to be a fully self-sufficient colony, which likely
hadn't been helped by the fact that Sirius and Remus had been called
back to Britain before replacements could be sent.

The werewolves themselves couldn't have been happier with their
accommodations. For many of them the little one or two room cabins were
the finest homes they had had in years and the surrounding countryside
was a vast improvement over the crowded slums they were used to. Those
who actually had some experience with country living were granted a
great deal of respect for what ever skill they could pass on to others,
from anything as simple as cutting firewood to more complex skills like
hunting or butchering meat. The witches and wizards that visited and
dispensed supplies were few but kind, mostly volunteers from local
church and civil rights organizations.

And they attributed all of this to Harry.

"Lord Blackbone told us all about you!" one lone female had gushed. "How
you were rescued by a family of werewolves and promised to do the same
for the rest of us! You even managed to convince the Dark Lord and
Britain almost entirely on your own!"

There were several in accuracies in that statement, but she looked so
happy he didn't feel particularly inclined to nitpick. There were other
stories his godfather had told them as well, about escaping from under
the German Minister's nose and defeating several Aurors all by himself
and apparently even Greyback had listened to him (which Harry thought
was stretching things a bit) and he was able to walk with werewolves
during the full moon.

He really wished his godfather weren't so damned chatty. Beartooth had
laughed and said it couldn't be helped. It was a 'father's pride' sort
of thing.

"What about the fighting? Are they going to send any of the werewolves
to Berlin? I'd love to give those bastards a little payback for the shit
they put us through," snarled a thin, heavily scarred man. Harry noted
that several of those scars had the unique shape or color of a Dark Arts
curse, and mentally shuddered.

Several other werewolves were in agreement with him.

"Yeah, when can we sign on? Get our own spiffy uniforms?" one of them
laughed.

"What's the pay like?"

"What if you don't have a wand? Damn, Auror snapped mine back in '92."

The Beast Brigade was hung out around the edge of the mess hall,
grinning like indulgent fools, completely clueless as to what the other
werewolves were saying (they were speaking in German which was not their
forte) but having a pretty good idea what it was about. These were their
future allies and pack mates, and already they were showing their
allegiance to one of their own.

No help from them, Harry thought helplessly. How could he explain to
these people that they *shouldn't* join the fight? The visit to
Stroudsburg Gate had convinced him of that. Where General Maxxis had
been uneasy and irritable, General Thurston had been down right hostile
and two fights had broken out between the stationed Culties and the
Beast Brigade (which *Harry*had to break up before one of his men killed
the others). Apparently, in close quarters and with a weapon,
untransformed werewolves really could be more dangerous than wizards. It
was a mess, and more than ever Harry was convinced that he couldn't
leave them in the charge of the commanders. They weren't ready for it,
and obviously didn't even want to try. The whole fiasco had Harry
reaching for more herbs, but luckily he caught himself.

For all the good it did him. He had three more dizzy spells since that
afternoon, one of which Beartooth had actually seen. He had said it was
simply fatigue and a lack of food (Thurston apparently didn't have any
dog food on hand, to which Harry said pointedly if he made one more
smart ass remark like that *he* would be the damn dog food). He was
having another spell right now, and it didn't seem to want to dissipate.

He felt himself tilting too late, and only another werewolf sitting
beside him kept him from falling out of his seat. "Hey, are you
alright?" someone said, but it sounded odd, as if it were from far away
or underwater.

An uncomfortable heat came over him and with it the sound of growling
and laughter, and a pressure against his chest. He had felt this earlier
in Maxxis' bathroom, but now it was stronger. He couldn't breathe.

"Harry? Harry, what's wrong? Everyone get back! Give him some room!"

He was on the floor he realized. How had he gotten on the floor? The
ceiling was swimming above him, the lamp light swinging oddly and making
the shadows fly. Why couldn't he breathe? The voices in the room were
getting dimmer, even as the voices that couldn't have been there grew
louder. His vision was starting to darken around the edges, and all the
strength in his limbs died.

What was happening? Had he been cursed?

A familiar, unpleasant laugh rumbled in his ear, and he closed his eyes
tight as the nightmare rolled over him.

\~ Page Break\~

Beartooth's heart nearly stopped when Harry suddenly tilted and nearly
pitched himself off the table. Then it nearly beat itself right out of
his chest, as he scrambled to the boy's aid. Within moments, the
dizziness had become full on disorientation, then paralysis, followed by
tremors and a burning fever. Poison was his first suspicion and he
shouted for a medic, and one of his men rushed out to find the witch.

In his arms, Harry struggled to breathe, his chest rising and falling
quickly but unable to take in air. His wide, unseeing eyes finally
slipped closed and his body stopped shaking, and for an unbelievable
moment he thought him dead.

Then he started to breathe again, slow and steady. Beartooth (and not a
few of those gathered around him) started to breathe again as well.

Then Harry opened his eyes and they stopped again.

One green eye, and the other… the other was milky blue.

A dark, wicked grin spread across the boy's face and everyone quickly
moved away except for Beartooth, who could only stare and ask in wonder.

"Greyback?"

\~Page Break\~

The Dark Lord slipped out of the Queen's chambers silently, easing the
doors closed gently so as not to awaken her. *Pleasant dreams*, he
thought to himself, feeling simultaneously smug and generous. *Harry
might not talk to me for a month if he ever finds out about this.* Which
was also amusing for entirely different reasons.

The musketeers guarding her chambers did not look at him as he passed,
but he could feel their hatred for him at his back. Their beautiful and
pure queen, corrupted by a savage beast such as himself. Oh the horror.
*It's the way of the world, gentlemen. The queens mind a lot less than
you think.*

He was feeling energetic after his first tryst with royalty, and since
he rarely slept to begin with, he didn't see the point in doing so now.
Her majesty wouldn't mind his absence. She would prefer his discretion
over his sentimentality any day, and he had no intention of humiliating
her by having their sordid affair caught by a gossipy servant. Not
unless he could find some gain from doing so at least.

He wandered the halls towards his quarters, still brightly lit even at 2
o'clock in the morning, and admired the architecture and the art that
seemed to overrun every available surface of the palace. He marveled at
the impossibly high arching ceiling, the stained glass windows, each
made of thousands of different pieces of glass, the marble statues of
naked maidens who looked away and smiled shyly as he passed. Such
opulence was not to his taste, but he couldn't help but be impressed
with the sheer *quantity* of it. There had to be easily ten times the
number of magical artifacts and artwork within this building than there
ever had been in Hogwarts, and one could spend their entire lives making
a record of it and still only get a third of the way through.

And this was only the winter palace. He hadn't seen her summer palace in
Versailles yet.

He wasn't exactly jealous, per se, but he did experience a definite
sense of… *competitiveness* looking at it all. Could he create something
that would surpass all of this? Without making it so damn awful gaudy?
He decided to look into it when he got home.

His chamberlain was waiting at the door for him when he arrived, looking
both tired and extremely nervous. The man was French, and for a servant
very competent, and the Dark Lord was seriously considering asking the
Queen if he could keep him but then decided that would be tacky.

"My Lord," he greeted respectfully, with barely a hint of an accent.
"Thank goodness you're here. I sent servants looking for you hours ago!"

Voldemort lifted his brow. The servant opened the door to let him into
his suite, and went through the expected routine of turning on the
lights. Normally, he would help the Dark Lord disrobe into something
more comfortable and offer a bath, but it seemed something else had to
be addressed first.

"Some of your men stationed at Stroudsburg Gate arrived a while ago with
some urgent news. When you could not immediately be found, they left to
try and take care of it on their as best they knew how."

The Dark Lord frowned. If there was one thing that made him nervous, it
was soldiers relying on their own judgment to make important decisions.

"What is it then? Have the German's made a move?"

The chamberlain frowned, his expression pinched with genuine worry.
"They do not know. I am not sure how to say this, but… Young Master
Potter… he is… he is missing."

Voldemort stiffened, his good mood vanishing.

"What do you mean by missing? What are the details?"

"I am not entirely certain, my Lord. They would not tell me everything,
but from what I gathered Master Potter was visiting the Volges-Wulf
colony as per his schedule, when he had some sort of fainting spell. One
of the soldiers went to get a healer for him, and when they got back,
Master Harry, the entire Beast Brigade, and almost the entire colony had
simply… disappeared."

The Dark Lord said nothing for a long moment, neither moving nor
changing expression, and the chamberlain strained to detect any sort of
emotion over the news that his protégé was gone and might possibly be
dead. Finally, the Dark Lord turned away and headed for his desk.

"Please lay out my traveling clothes and then notify all relevant
parties that I will be indisposed for a while, but they should expect me
at any moment. Also, extend my apologies to her Majesty for my hasty
departure. Given the circumstances, I am certain she will understand."

\~Author's Notes\~

The Lorraine's Gate and the Stroudsburg Gate are the names of the
English forts in France near the German border.

Fortifyers are professional witches and wizards who install security and
structural reinforcement to magical homes to protect them from thieves
or those who wish the occupants harm.