# Legends

Harry took a bath in one of the guest rooms that morning, rather than
his usual shower, hoping the hot water would ease the ache in his feet.
There were cuts on him, in a spiraling arch that matched the diagram he
had seen in his dream, and though they weren't deep they ached to the
bone. His own magic felt drained, as if he had been casting powerful
magic, and he was already tired from lack of sleep.

He laid in the footed bathtub, stared up and out the little window,
watching clouds and birds amble by in the slowly brightening sky, and
tried to think of what he should do as the water slowly began to cool.
There was no telling what the spell in his dream did exactly, or if he
wasn't even now suffering under the slow debilitating effects of a
curse. The Dark Lord had said he could come home now... but at what
price? And in what condition? He needed to be examined, but what if in
doing so he ruined his only chance of returning?

And what if Voldemort lied and was really killing him? Or intended to
torture and kill him when he got back? The man hadn't been happy with
him in his dream, and some how he doubted the waking world made him any
more amenable.

Reluctantly, he climbed out of the tub and got ready to face Dumbledore.
He would have to tell the old man about what had happened, if for no
other reason than he might be risking the life of a man who had shown
him nothing but kindness. Mutual respect and trust, wasn't that what he
had said? Even if it wasn't easy, Harry knew he had to make an effort
too.

He had nothing to bind up his feet with, so he wore his thickest and
softest pair of socks and carried his shoes in his hands. He kept
Draco's knife in the back of his pants, but the rest of his belongings
remained shrunken and carefully stored in the satchel Fleur had
transfigured for him. Carrying all of his possessions in his pockets for
the entire summer just wasn't that practical, but he still didn't
entirely trust Dumbledore. He was actually planing on hiding the satchel
somewhere he could get to quickly if he needed to make an abrupt escape.
If. So far there hadn't been any reason to be afraid, but then he had
been there less than a day.

Gingerly, he made his way downstairs, hoping to find the wizard in his
office. His feet ached, but there wasn't as much pain as he thought
there should be. He was only to the second floor when the sounds of an
argument reached him. At first, he thought it was just another fight
between Dumbledore and one of his cohorts, but as he noiselessly inched
further down to listen, he recognized the voice of Minister Seibligg. He
froze, his eyes widening. What was he doing here?

"Auf gar keinen Fall! " the Minister snarled, "Why would I ever
authorize that?"

Dumbledore replied, his tone remaining congenial, but there was a touch
of mocking in it, "I did not request your 'authorization', Minister. I
was merely informing you of the situation so that you would not be
alarmed."

"Don't give me that! Potter is still under my jurisdiction-"

"But he is under my guardianship, and seeing as I will be leaving the
country for a while it's only natural that he should accompany me.
Really there is nothing for you to be kicking up such a fuss about. It
will be safer for Mr. Potter abroad in any event."

"Safer? That has absolutely *nothing* to do with this! I don't care
about his safety, I care about what he *knows!* What you promised he
would tell you!"

Harry recoiled. It had been a trick? The kindness, the liberties, and
all that talk about respect and trust? He had thought it too good to be
true, but he couldn't help but feel both surprised and betrayed to have
his suspicions confirmed.

"I never promised you anything of the sort," Dumbledore said, his tone
darkening. "I said I would ask if he ever felt he could entrust it with
me, and not a moment before."

Now he felt uncertain. Yet again. He shoved his confusion away to listen
further, deciding to withhold judgment for the moment.

"Don't play that game with me! The only reason I let you have custody of
that brat was because I know what a manipulative old coot you can be. If
you try to back out now, I can just as easily take him back."

There was an amused chuckle, and Harry wondered yet again about the old
wizard's sanity.

"*Just* as easily? Minister Seibligg, I do believe its Sunday, which
means you'll have to wait till Monday to submit a *complaint* about my
guardianship, which even with your political clout will take a week to
investigate and take to court, by which time my own lawyers will submit
a counter claim and delay it for another month. By then your deadline
will be up, and you'll be far too busy trying to save your own skin to
worry about where Mr. Potter and I are."

There was a silence, tense and ugly. The kind Harry associated with
anger.

"Do not underestimate me, Dumbledore. I'm a man on the edge, with more
than power in my left pocket than all your allies across Europe put
together. You can not win."

"Good day, Minister."

Heavy footsteps and the slamming of a door indicated that the wretched
man had left and he felt relieved, but at the same time uneasy. Now
what? He couldn't honestly tell what Seibligg would do, but Harry
suspected it wouldn't involve any legal action by the ministry. Plus, he
still had the old wizard to deal with.

"You may come down now, Mr. Potter."

And how did that man *do* that? He slipped back on his shoes, gritting
his teeth as he did so, and descended the rest of the way down the
stairs. What he saw when he reached the bottom made him blink in
disbelief. Dumbledore stood there, not in his usual gaudy robe and hat,
but in a respectable three-piece tweed suit with matching dark brown
hat. He looked like a perfectly average muggle grandfather, even with
the ridiculously long beard.

"Sir," he said, trying not gawk, "Is everything alright?"

"Quite. It would seem that we may have to move on quicker than I had
previously intended. However, there is an errand I hope you would like
to accompany me on. Stretch our legs, do a bit of sightseeing and all
that."

Harry frowned. Was he really going to ignore the conversation they both
knew he had overheard? "Yes, sir."

"Good, good. I hope you are well rested. It's a bit of a jaunt I'm
afraid."

Frankly, Harry was exhausted, but he wanted to go out. He hadn't been in
the warm sunshine in months. But he also had to tell him about his dream
and the spell... which he didn't want to do at the moment. Seibligg's
visit left him edgy and paranoid, and though Dumbledore hadn't betrayed
him, he still felt leery about telling him. What would he do if he found
out? They were leaving soon, so the chances of Voldemort finding him so
quickly were slim, but what if he were ill? He didn't feel sick, at
least not any sicker than would be expected, but hadn't that medi-witch
in Durmstrang said curses could hurt you without inflicting pain? Of
course, a curse without pain just didn't strike him as Voldemort's
style.

*Not yet*, he decided. *I'll tell him once we get where we're going,
then I can still have a day outside.*

"Yeah. That sounds great."

"Excellent. Lets have breakfast and then we'll be off."

---

"Yes, I understand. I want payment upfront. After that, I don't care,"
Stephen Canis said sharply into the phone, his East London accent
creeping into his voice. He pulled the phone from his ear as the man on
the other end proceeded to shout into it. "And for heaven's sake stop
shouting! I can hear you just fine if you talk like I'm in the room."

He looked over at his wife and three children at the kitchen table, and
rolled his eyes and mouthed the word 'wizards'. Sylvia gave him a
warning look, but the children giggled into their cereal bowls. The
voice on the other end quieted a bit.

"Yes, I can do that. Two days probably, if I can get him today. Any more
than that and you'll know something went wrong..." He listened to the
reply, then smiled darkly. "With all due respect, sir, if I'm caught
there's not going to much left of me for you or anyone else to do any of
that. What is the address?"

There was a pen and paper on the table, which he snatched up and began
writing. He repeated the address back to the phone, then nodded to
himself. "Good. I'll see you in a few days then."

He hung up the phone without waiting for a reply, and turned to his
family. The children looked curious, but his wife only looked worried.
She was always worried though.

"I don't like this, Stephen," she said bluntly. "This is an ugly
business you're getting us mixed up in."

"This 'ugly business' is going to give us a future out of this slum,
Sylvia. We deserve better than this," he gestured around their 'home', a
three room hovel with rotting wallpaper and rotting furniture and
rotting clothes strewn about. "Our children deserve better."

"And what if you're caught? What will happen to us then? And even if we
do succeed, how do you know we can trust the British Court anymore than
the German Ministry?"

Shaking his head, he moved into the living room, which in such a tiny
apartment wasn't very far at all. He didn't even have to raise his
voice.

"Just have the car and the kids ready within the hour. We're going to
have to leave in a hurry."

"Stephen-"

"No!" he snarled, and all four immediately flinched and looked down
submissively. "I'm not throwing away the only opportunity we may ever
have to get out of this place. Just do as I say."

He waited, glaring at them, until each of them nodded their heads in
compliance, even Sylvia who was looking increasingly distressed. He
wanted to go over and hold her, to whisper reassurances to her and pet
her long raven hair until at last she was convinced, but he couldn't
afford dally here. His contact had said it needed to be done
immediately, or the target might move again. There was no time for
pacification.

Stalking out the front door, he gave a warning look to the nosy neighbor
down the hall and the idiot pissing in the stairwell. God, couldn't he
at least do that in the alley? There was drainage there at least. He hit
the street and started loping towards the city train system. People
moved out of his way and watched him cautiously as he passed. Everyone
knew about him in the neighborhood. Something about him didn't sit right
with the locals, and given the state of most of the residents that said
something.

They thought he had killed people, and they would be correct, but no one
who didn't have it coming. He had brought a sinister new meaning to
'family man' when he had moved his family there, and anyone who had so
much as *looked* at either his wife or children the wrong way soon
learned not to look again. They were all relatively safe, but
'relatively' didn't cut it for him. He wanted them somewhere they were
completely safe. Somewhere with a view of trees, where neighbors were
friendly, but far between, and where you could go years and never see a
witch or wizard.

He wanted to move to Canada... or one of the Northern states in the U.S.
at least.

They needed money though. A flight for five passengers over the
Atlantic, even one way, was expensive and it still didn't solve the
issue of where they would live or how. With the German ministry dogging
their every move, refusing to let them work for muggles even when no
respectable wizarding folk would hire them, money was hard to come by
and he didn't dare risk the less than legal activities that would get
them what they needed.

At least, he hadn't until today.

Kidnapping Harry Potter seemed a good way to get a lot of money quickly
while simultaneously giving the German government the finger.

---

"It might not look like much," the landlady admitted, showing McGunny
around the one room apartment. It wasn't even very big for a studio.
"But it's better than the dorms. Quiet neighbors. Walking distance to
the University and the grocery store."

The new graduate took in the skylight, which effectively lit the entire
room, showing off faded paint and creaky floor boards. It was clean
though, and private. This was the tallest building for several blocks,
and he had the highest floor.

"Any trouble with vermin?" he asked offhandedly.

"Absolutely not!" she said, genuinely indignant. "I run a respectable
establishment, young man."

"I just had to ask... Would you mind giving me a moment to look around
myself?"

She gave him an uncertain look, but finally shrugged. It wasn't like
there was anything there for him to steal. "Alrighty, I'll be in my
office when you're done."

She left, and once he was alone, he addressed his companion. "What do
you think?"

"It's perfect. Just what we need," Tom said, pleased with their latest
find. After six other places, McGunny was glad. Disembodied spirits
might not get tired, but he certainly did.

"It's awfully small."

"There are ways around that."

"I doubt the landlady is going to want some kid right out of school
doing any sort of magical renovation in her place."

"I doubt the landlady is going to want some kid right out of school
growing a body in the middle of the room either."

"Point taken."

"Don't worry. I'll put everything back just the way I found it after I'm
done. No one need ever know I was here."

"I don't suppose you could obliviate me before you go so we could say
the same about me?" he suggested hopefully, because really it was the
only conceivable way he thought the spirit might let him live.

"Why, Horace, I'm hurt. Do you really want to erase all the good times
we've shared?"

He rolled his eyes. There was no way he'd indulge a statement that
asinine. From the back of his mind, he could hear Tom chuckle grimly.
For a murderous little fiend, Tom really was oddly jovial.

---

The morning was cool, so Dumbledore sent him back to his room for
something warmer. By the time he reached his room, found a jumper (not
Mrs. Weasley's, bless her heart), and returned, someone else had
arrived. No, wait. He blinked once, then twice. There were three,
shrouded in plain dark blue robes and listening as Dumbledore spoke to
them softly. He hesitated on the stairs, and they all turned to him. It
was rather creepy to discover he could not see their faces under their
hoods.

"Ah, and here he is," Dumbledore said, smiling pleasantly as if he
hadn't just pulled Dementor impersonators out of thin air. "Mr. Potter,
these are some of my associates, who for reasons you overheard
yesterday, shall remain anonymous."

"A pleasure not to meet you," Harry said blandly, cautiously coming down
the rest of the stairs and into the lobby. His eyes automatically
flitted to the mail slots behind the reception desk, easily spotting his
wand. It was only a few feet away, but it may as well have been in
Australia for all the good it did him. Turning back to the others, he
could see the hooded figures still watching him tensely. He wondered
what they thought he was going to do.

"While we're out and about, they will be here packing up and moving our
things to another location. One that Minister Seibligg will have little
more difficulty locating."

Two of the hooded figures moved, probably to do just as he said. The
third one, however, lingered. Harry noted the third had smaller feet and
nicer boots. A woman?

"Where to?"

"Greece."

Harry blinked. Greece? What the hell was in Greece? Yet as he thought
about it, it didn't seem like a bad place to go. No one would think to
look for him there, and it was probably an interesting country... except
he didn't know even a smidgen of Greek. He thought about asking where in
Greece, but Athens was the only city he had ever heard of and he didn't
even now where exactly that was.

"Oh..."

"Shall we be going then?"

"Yeah."

He followed Dumbledore to the door, and to his consternation the third
hooded figure followed. He was so busy staring at the faceless entity
that he missed exactly how the old wizard opened the door, and cursed
himself for his carelessness. It probably didn't matter anyway. If the
others were working on moving them out, they would probably be gone
before he had opportunity to try the door himself.

The street was cast in early morning shadows, even as the sky was bright
blue, the higher buildings facing East practically glowed where the
sunlight touched them. The morning was deliciously cool, and there were
people walking around them and the occasional car tottled by the one way
street.

"Not to be a spoilsport," Harry said, as they stepped out onto the
sidewalk. "But your 'friend' is kind of conspicuous."

A man and woman, each with a corgi leashed to them, smiled as they
passed. Dumbledore tipped his hat and wished them a good morning in
German. Harry turned to watch as they sidestepped the hooded figure
without pausing, or even seeming to realize that there was anything
there at all.

"No worries, Mr. Potter," the old wizard assured him, "The cloaks are
spelled for misdirection. Muggles will not notice them, and even a
wizard would have some difficulty keeping track of them. In fact, I am
rather impressed that you seemed to be able to spot our friend so
consistently. It suggests a very deep, instinctual understanding of
magic."

So that was why he had trouble counting them when he had first seen
them, Harry realized. Now however, he was able to spot her (he was
increasingly convinced it was a woman once he had seen it start walking)
without any difficulty. He turned back to Dumbledore.

"You can do it too, though, can't you? Like that night in the trophy
room. You couldn't have seen me, but you knew exactly where I was."

The old wizard smiled, but it was sad sort of smile, regretful perhaps.
He turned around to address their follower.

"Would you mind giving us just a bit of privacy?"

She hesitated, but finally tilted her head in acknowledgment.

"Thank you." They continued on a ways and when she was about thirty feet
away, he continued. "I dare say our magical educations were not that
different, Mr. Potter, although mine was likely far more self directed
than yours. The Old Magics leave their mark on us, and even decades
later, those reckless choices I made in my youth still effect me, as
they will you."

Harry stared at him, barely able to believe what he had just heard.
Dumbledore, the Dark Lord's sworn enemy and leader of the Foreign
Resistance, was a pagan? It was both absurd, and yet appropriate. He
didn't know why he hadn't thought of it sooner. How else could he have
stood up against Voldemort if he hadn't understood his power, and more
importantly how to counter act it? Modern magics were strong, but they
weren't *as* strong as the Old Magics, and certainly not as terrifying.

"How?" he found himself asking. "How did you come into it?"

"Likely the very same way Voldemort did. Through curiosity and ambition
and the belief that there was something *more* than what my professors
taught out of Ministry regulated school books. And of course, there was
my incredible arrogance. I couldn't accept that my magic, my skill,
should be remanded to the same level as everyone else's. I believed
myself far too *special* to accept that."

They walked on in silence to the end of the block, not speaking. Harry
sensed that the old wizard wasn't done, but he needed time to collect
himself.

"When I was still a student at Hogwarts, a young man came to my village
to stay with his aunt, a close neighbor of mine. In him, I found another
seemingly as gifted and dissatisfied as myself. His name was Gellert
Grindelwald, and he was first person I ever fell in love with. Together
we searched for the true limits of magic and ourselves, and destroyed
far more than we created in the process."

If the first revelation hadn't stunned him speechless, this second one
certainly did. Everyone knew about Grindelwald, and everyone knew that
Dumbledore had defeated him. He could recall one of Toure's lectures,
her voice softened by the odd euphoria that seemed to come over her when
she talked of Dark Lords.

"*Grindelwald turned the world on its head. No one had done the sort of
magics he did, not for hundreds of years at least, and he was so
very*young*! Officially, his reign of terror didn't start until he was
twenty, but others believe it truly began with his expulsion from
Durmstrang at the age of sixteen for cursing a teacher. He was exiled to
England by his family, but while there he developed and solidified his
ideology, returning two years later to gather followers. The irony here
is that his eventual destroyer was in fact also his next door neighbor
while in England. It has been a matter of some speculation as to whether
Dumbledore and Grindelwald ever spoke to one another prior to their
fateful battle. Considering their styles of magic, I myself wouldn't be
surprised if they hadn't done more than just discussed the weather.*"

So Toure had been right. They had been friends, fellow explorers,
lovers? And then it had all come apart. They had tried to destroy each
other, until at last one was imprisoned and the other carried around
their history together as a shameful secret.

He felt suddenly lightheaded. Was that going to happen to him and
Voldemort? Had it happened already? Had this been the inevitable outcome
from the beginning? Why the hell was the old wizard telling him all this
anyway?

"Those days were the most exciting and joyous days of my life, but
ultimately they gave me my deepest regrets and sorrows, as well. I fear,
my boy, that you are following the same path I did, and to add to that
tragedy, it's not even your own arrogance or ambition that lead you
there. Ah, here we are."

They had stopped in front of a small shop, bouquets of exploding floral
packed the window display, handsomely displayed in the dark green
painted frame. A sign hung over the door, reading 'Fridas Blumenladen'.
Still reeling, he followed Dumbledore blindly into the shop.

The woman at the counter greeted him by name, and he said something in
return that made her giggle like a school girl. Harry couldn't
concentrate on what was said, and was more than a little surprised when
he was handed two bouquets. They were large, with dozens of different
flowers, all in their own unique colors. He looked at the old wizard
questioningly, but he just held open the door for him. Once out on the
street Dumbledore continued.

"I told you before that I wish to save you, and I meant what I said. You
are a remarkable young man, as I am sure you have been told before, but
these gifts you have can lead you to many places, just as they did
myself, and Gellert, and Tom Marvollo Riddle, whom you call Lord
Voldemort."

"What? No wait, stop talking. You're talking too much. I mean saying too
much. Why are you telling me all of this?"

Dumbledore turned to him, his blue eyes twinkly but it wasn't with
mischief or amusement or whatever it normally twinkled with, it was
grief and hope and perhaps a little bit of amazement.

"Because I made the mistake of holding back information before, and it
has gotten people killed. I feel I must tell you now. Life has taught me
that there may not always be a 'next time' or a 'later'. The world is
moving ahead without asking us for directions first, and lately it's
been going faster than I can make predictions for."

"Okay... then what's with the flowers?"

"Well, it's polite to bring something when visiting people you haven't
met in a while."

"Who are we visiting?"

"You'll see. Now where were we?"

So much for not withholding information, Harry groused mentally.

"Tom Marvollo Riddle is Voldemort... is that *really* his name?" He
couldn't help but ask. Tom Marvollo Riddle sounded kind of like a dork,
or at the very least nothing like a Dark Lord. At the same time, he just
realized he had never heard of Voldemort's first name. Did he even have
one? It would have made school kind of weird if he didn't. It was sort
of hard to picture someone like McGonagall calling on 'Mister' Voldemort
in class or the Dark Lord casting Jelly-Legs on unwary first years. He
tried to picture a 'young' Voldemort, or rather Tom Riddle, but he just
ended up thinking of Thomas Rook instead oddly enough.

"It *really* is. I had the rather dubious honor of being one of his
teacher."

Harry tried to picture that, but quickly stopped before his imagination
slipped any further down the rabbit hole.

"... What was he like?"

"Charming, clever, motivated. The ideal Slytherin... and then some. He
was a murderer before he ever graduated."

"Myrtle..." Harry breathed, because he had suspected it long ago, but
didn't dare linger on the idea. Dumbledore gave him a grave look and
nodded.

"Yes, she was his first. I still don't know if she was an accident or an
experiment, but once he had killed her and successfully blamed another,
he knew he had the ability to get away with it and tried it again when
was sixteen. I didn't discover the second murder until years after he
had graduated, and by then it was too late. He was already terrorizing
the country."

Harry was having a hard time picturing Voldemort intentionally killing
Myrtle. Cursing her, sure, but murdering her? It was easier to picture
him killing her accidentally... and then just not really caring that he
had.

"Ah, but I've gotten a little ahead of myself. Lets sit here. The bus
should be along shortly."

They took a seat inside the rain shelter, which was thankfully empty.

"Where was I before we were distracted?"

Harry shrugged, honestly unable to tell where one mind blowing
revelation ended and another began.

"Hhmmm... oh, yes, wanting to save you-"

"Did you ever try to save him?" Harry butted in, because that was
important. There had been something wrong with Voldemort from the
beginning, and it seemed fairly obvious too. Someone should have done
something long before Harry had to toss him a soul and get caught up in
this international mess.

Dumbledore closed his eyes, as if pained, but answered, "Yes."

"How?"

There was a moment of silence as the old wizard gathered his memory, and
tied back his grief.

"I tried twice. The first time... I knew from the moment I met him that
something was wrong. He had such hate in him, and it had manifested in
hurting other children and animals with accidental magic. He was being
brought up in a muggle orphanage and had no idea that he was wizard, but
he knew he was different and so did everyone else. He was completely
alone in the world. I was sent to give him his Hogwarts letter, and
while I was there I explained what he was and warned him of the
consequences of hurting others with magic. I had hoped, naively, that by
explaining things to him and offering him a place where he could be
among his own kind, his frustration and resentment would dissipate. I
was very wrong."

Harry was still having a hard time imagining Voldemort as anything other
than his current self. Strong, confident, merciless but not cruel for
cruelty's sake. An angry juvenile delinquent just wasn't clicking. A
juvenile Voldemort of any kind was hard to imagine in general.

"The second time... I took him to someone else."

"Someone else?"

"Yes. By his third year I could sense that he was delving into the old
pagan magics, but he refused to speak to me of it. He did not trust me
and feared, rightly, that I would try and hold back his progress. I had
abandoned the pagan arts myself, unable to trust myself not to be
corrupted by them, so I had no right to direct the course of study he
wished to pursue. So I thought I would take him to someone who had done
it right. A druid priest named Cyril Carrigan."

A chill ran down his spine. He knew that name. He just couldn't remember
where.

"I had actually met Carrigan with Gellert on a weekend romp through the
highlands. We thought ourselves so clever and knowledgeable, we decided
to try summoning a god. We made a mistake. Actually we made nothing but
mistakes, which Carrigan pointed out in vivid detail after he came out
of no where and saved our fool necks. He gave us quite a scare, swore if
we ever stepped foot in Ireland again he'd tear out our souls and shove
them in the nearest donkeys he could find. Said if we wanted to act like
asses he would grant our wish. Naturally, being well educated young men
of high society, we had a good laugh about it when we got back to
England and wrote him off as a backwater yokel. Of course, Gellert never
did go back. An endless well of power lies there, but he never dared
return to tap into it."

"Was Carrigan really so powerful?"

"His magic wasn't incredible, nothing like Gellert's or Tom's, but
his...'influence with the higher ups' wasn't anything to sneeze at. He
could ask for pears from apple trees or for rivers to run North, and
they would do it. So they say."

"So you thought he could scare Vold- Tom back to the straight and
narrow?"

Dumbledore smiled a bit at that. "In a sense. I was actually hoping
Carrigan would be the sort of role model Tom needed. Someone strong and
experienced, with the power to reel the boy in when he did wrong and the
knowledge that even that stubborn child would feel compelled to
acknowledge."

"But it didn't work?"

"Quite the contrary, it worked better than I ever could have imagined.
They hit it off immediately. Carrigan took Tom in as a student for his
fifth year summer and corresponded regularly with him during his sixth
year at Hogwarts, and I never saw him more contented. I won't say he was
any nicer or less arrogant, but his hatred seemed to have subsided.
Carrigan had offered him the understanding that I couldn't, and held the
keys to a world he desperately wanted to be a part of. I think he must
have felt the same way for that man that I felt for Gellert. He was the
first and last person Tom ever came close to loving."

The slow screech of brakes startled Harry. He had been so captivated by
Dumbledore's story that he hadn't realized the bus was coming until it
stopped right in front of them. A few people got off, and they climbed
on. They went to the very back of the bus to continue their
conversation.

"So what happened?"

"The Earth had other plans for him. Plans I could not change and
Carrigan could not challenge. The summer before his seventh year, Tom
discovered the name of the man who left him an orphan, and all the rage
and anger he had forgotten, came back with a vengeance."

"And he was the second person Tom killed?"

"Yes, but not the last. Even after his revenge, he remained unsatisfied
with his world. Carrigan could do nothing to reign in his anger, and
ultimately had to settle for teaching him control. Control of his magic
at least, which may have saved Tom himself but ultimately damned many
others. I foolishly thought the renewed aggravation was nothing more
serious than a lover's quarrel or an argument between a father and son.
I hadn't learned of the second murder, and still had no proof of the
first. In any event, I was too busy with my battles against Grindelwald
to worry about any future battles I might have with Tom. When graduation
came, I let him go, having do idea what exactly I had unleashed onto the
world."

"But Carrigan knew? Why didn't he tell you?"

"Why should he? I had shoved Tom off on to him, and washed my hands of
responsibility. He did not trust me, and perhaps more importantly, he
still cared for Tom. The same way you find yourself compelled to care
for him, even when you've seen and experienced his cruelty first hand. I
never understood it then, but I think I have an idea of it now."

Harry looked away, staring at his hands and then out the window. They
remained quiet for a long time, and after a few minutes, Harry began to
recognize some of the buildings outside his window.

"That's the Hohenzollernbrücke and the Cologne Cathedral and St. Martin
Church! We're in Cologne?"

"Indeed we are, and a delightful city it is too. They make wonderful
pickles here."

This was very true, but completely beside the point.

"Where are we going?"

He turned back to Dumbledore, who smiled a bit.

"I believe I read in a newspaper somewhere that you said if you ever
came back to Germany, you would like to pay your respects to your
parents and lay flowers on their graves. I myself am long overdue for a
visit."

Harry was struck speechless. He had wanted to visit his parents grave,
but once he had arrived in Germany, it felt as if he were further from
that possibility than ever before. It also occurred to him that
Dumbledore may have chosen this city as his newest hiding place
specifically so he would have this opportunity.

"I... thank you."

"No thanks is necessary. It was the least I could do. I fought along
side your parents during the war. Their bravery and selflessness was an
inspiration to us all."

Harry opened his mouth to ask Dumbledore about them, but then remembered
they were talking about something more important. He knew his parents
far better than he knew Voldemort, and it was Voldemort he had to worry
about.

"What happened to Carrigan?"

"Not a great deal. He still kept in touch with his wayward pupil, tried
to convince him to calm down and not behave like such a bigoted loon. I
would say his success was limited, but the fact that Voldemort never
killed him suggests something of their bond still remained through the
years. Somewhere in between his arguments with Voldemort, he finished
his own training and became a druidic priest and took on other students.
Professor Brennan was amongst them."

Harry nodded.

"When the eighties rolled around, things got really ugly. Carrigan went
out to meet Voldemort one night, no doubt to try to talk some sense back
into him again, but was killed by an overzealous young Death Eater.
Carrigan's body was peacefully surrendered to his clan for proper rites,
but they only ever found pieces of young Ms. Nominy.'

"It was a bad time for the Druids after that. Carrigan had been their
unspoken leader and barrier between his people and the war, but with his
death the Ministry proceeded to persecute them as dark wizards and
Voldemort refused to help them without their sworn allegiance, which
they wouldn't give. The Ministry in Ireland was the first to fall, not
from Death Eaters, but from regular witches and wizards enraged by yet
another unwarranted attack on their people. In Ireland the druids are as
much an important profession as they are a religious sect. They are the
only effective defenders the people have against the fae, a far more
insidious threat than any Dark Lord."

Harry remembered that from history class, and suddenly he thought he
knew where he had heard of Carrigan. They called him Carrigan the
Mediator before his death... or was it afterwards? His death had sparked
a powder keg of violence in any event. Hundreds of druidic priests and
priestesses had been arrested and dozens died in raids or in prison, and
in their absence the faery folk had run amok amongst the commonwealth.
People were disappearing left and right an no one knew if they should
blame Death Eaters or Fae or the government itself. In the climate of
fear and frustration, the people had snapped one late September night
and burned the Ministry offices to the ground and attacked their own
officials, hunting them and their families down in search of retribution
for their own missing loved ones. It had only taken a few weeks after
that for Voldemort and his soldiers to regain control of the country,
and then use the resources he found there to continue his attacks on
Britain. Yet another incident where the British Ministry had shot itself
in the foot.

"... Is that why he took me in?" Harry said after a while. "I mean, he's
been watching out for me since first year... sort of... after the whole
torture in front the entire student body thing... Does he want me to
replace Carrigan?"

"That is hard to say. I doubt that's a conscious decision on his part.
Carrigan was stronger than Voldemort in many ways, unacceptably weak in
others, and only the Dark Lord's gratitude and respect kept him from
ever raising a hand against his mentor. I don't see him intentionally
duplicating that sort of relationship. However, the desire for a
companion would not be unreasonable. The desire for a son is also
possible, as I doubt he is capable of siring any children of his own
anymore."

The first idea sat better with Harry than the second. He had never
considered Voldemort as any sort of father, and certainly hadn't been
treated like a son, at least he didn't think he had. How did Dark Lords
treat their offspring?

"I don't think there's anything you can do," Harry said, looking back
towards the front of the bus. Their body guard was sitting directly
behind the bus driver, going completely unnoticed by the driver or the
old woman sitting next to her, or the teenagers sharing ear pieces to
their cd player directly across from them. "He messed me up already. My
soul belongs to the Earth. I am a Child of the Moon and Madris is my
patron goddess. It can't be undone, and I can't even bring myself to
resent him for it."

Dumbledore nodded. "I thought as much. That is not what really worries
me. You are not like Tom or Gellert or myself. You are more like
Carrigan, and like your mother. If I can keep you from the Dark Lord, I
believe you can grow up to be a perfectly self sufficient and morally
upright individual, and given your impressive displays of magic, you
could easily surpass Carrigan in say... fifty or so years."

".... swell."

"I think the next stop is the one we want."

The bus rolled to a stop and they climbed off. It was another six blocks
taken in silence, as Harry tried to process everything that he had been
told, and what it might mean for him and his future. He had learned more
in the last half hour than he did in the last five years about the Dark
Lord, but as things were going he may never be able to ask him all of
this himself. Tightly packed rows of three story houses all painted
different colors of the same shade, passed by unnoticed as he tried to
puzzle it all out. Would he be on the run forever just like Dumbledore?
Moving from safe house to safe house, city to city, country to country?
And to what end?

He tried to picture himself doing what Dumbledore did, running charities
for people he would likely never meet, endlessly fighting against the
injustices of the world from behind a desk. He couldn't do that. He'd
end up hanging himself or jumping off a bridge within a year from
depression.

Perhaps he could set up a new identity for himself. It couldn't be that
hard with all the spells and potions out there, disappear as one of the
thousands British refugees wandering Europe.

Maybe he just needed to do what neither Carrigan or Dumbledore could
accomplish, and just kill the murderous bastard. He shivered at the
thought, feeling distinctly unclean for thinking it, and shoved it
aside. It appeared he was too much like Voldemort's faceless mentor,
picking up the torch where the other had dropped it, endlessly loyal
until the day he died. How pathetic was that?

The row of houses curved upwards until they opened onto a T-section in
the street. Beyond that was the cemetery. A high grated fence mounted on
a low brick wall ran the length of the street, separating the living
from the dead. Rows of tombstones and mausoleums were packed tightly
together, not unlike the houses on the other side.

Without the buildings surrounding it, the cemetery already had full
sunlight, and was oddly cheery in the summer light. The stones were
clean, the flowers by some of the graves no more than a day or two old,
and the occasional oak tree did a lot to give the place an open
park-like feel.

Harry didn't need to follow Dumbledore to know where to go from there.
He remembered it perfectly even seven years later. The gravestones were
simple black marble, like dozens of others, but he remembered the angel
statues on the graves nearby. He remembered having dreams about them
after the funeral, showing up in strange places, haunting him like
benevolent specters of death.

He stopped midway up a shallow hill, and found his parents laying side
by side. He knelt down between them, placing the flowers on each of
their graves, and listened. He wasn't sure what he expected to hear, but
all he got was the sound of the wind and the occasional passing car on
the street below. This was a place he thought he might be able to
commune with his parents, to sense them or even hear them, but it felt
like nothing more than a plot of grass. His mother's gentle eyes and his
father's laughing mouth did not come to mind, no words they spoke to
him, or gestures of comfort came. Of all the travels and destinations in
their lives together, this one was the emptiest.

His parents were not here, not in any way that had meaning to him. They
hadn't been with him since the last morning they sent him off to school,
and the last time he saw them was as the funeral director gently closed
the coffin lids over their sleeping countenance. There would be no more
memories of them after that.

There would be no more walks to the grocery store with his mum, no more
football matches in front of the telly with his dad, plans made around
the breakfast table, or weekend adventures out in the country. He would
never hear them say 'wake up', 'goodnight', 'look there', 'come here',
'I'm proud of you', 'you know better', 'I missed you', or 'I love you'
again. He would never get to ask him those questions that dogged him
from the moment he learned that they too had been wizards but had kept
it hidden. They were gone, and all that was left of them were his
memories and two stone markers bearing their names.

His vision began to blur, but the tears didn't fall. He had wept for
their loss when he had was eight, enough tears he thought he would drown
in them, until he just didn't have enough left to spare. He had to keep
the rest for later, for when others that he loved died and passed away,
as he had come to accept while alone in the third bedroom at Privet
Drive.

"They're not here," he said, not looking away from their names. "They're
gone, and I won't ever get to see them again. Not even when I die."

"The world is not so black and white," Dumbledore said, coming up behind
him to place a hand on his shoulder. "Not in life and most certainly not
in death. You may yet see them again. You may have already seen them and
just never realized it."

"You're just trying to make me feel better," Harry accused, glaring over
his shoulder. The old wizard pretended to be affronted.

"Me? Comfort someone? Just what sort of wizard do you take me for?"

Harry's lip twitched a bit and he looked away, shaking his head. "It's
okay. I knew what I was giving up when I gave myself to the Old Magics,
and I don't regret it. It saved a life and gave me a family among the
living."

"Really? And who are the lucky people?"

"Sirius Blackbone and Remus Slivermoon. I think they worked for you too.
They're werewolves now."

There was a moment of silence then Dumbledore gave a little laugh. "I
had nearly forgotten. It's been so many years, I wasn't sure if they had
lived or died after their transformation. Yet another reason why one
should never attempt to make predictions for the future. I do have to
wonder what Sirius is like now. He always had a lovable mongrel air
about him in his school days."

Harry felt a little of his grief subside, as it often did when he
thought of his godfathers. He had loved his parents, and still did,
probably more than he ever would anyone, but he loved his godfathers too
and more than that he felt proud of them. They were strong and brave,
and had been willing to die for him. More importantly, they had lived
for him, and now they shared with him a fate in life and in death that
comforted him more than any optimistic foretellings of the future or
well meaning patronizations ever could.

"He's going to be head alpha one day," Harry said. "And Remus is his
beta. They saved me from Moody. Didn't you know that?"

"No. I saw no pictures of your guardians in the papers and they were
only ever listed as Blackbone and Slivermoon, names I had never heard
used on them when I was still in their company."

"Oh," he said, and looked back towards the tombstones, the sadness
ebbing away. "Dad would have approved of them looking out for me, I
think, seeing as how they're my godfathers already. I don't know about
mum though. I think Sirius would have driven her crazy."

"No doubt. Of course, both your father and Mr. Black drove your mother
crazy, particularly back in their school days. In fact, Lily didn't
liked James at all until their seventh year."

"I didn't know that."

"Indeed? And your father loved your mother at first sight. It made for
some very interesting hallway drama."

"So you were still Headmaster when my parents were in school?"

"Yes, as well as your godfathers and good many of your current teachers.
For instance, your guardian, Professor Snape, was in the same year as
your parents. I dare say he was at the crux of your parents
differences."

Harry had heard from this from his godfathers, but it was always to
strange to hear. His mother and Snape as friends? Weird. Inconceivable
even. Plus the man had never said anything or indicated Harry's parents
mattered to him in anyway.

"... He never said anything."

Dumbledore smiled a bit sadly. "Severus has always kept his feelings
closely guarded. That was true as a child and still holds true-"

The old wizard's suddenly stopped, his mouth tightening into a grim line
as his eyes focused on something beyond Harry's head. Confused, Harry
turned to see what he was looking at. Some distance away, standing
beside a mausoleum was a hooded figure. At first, Harry thought it was
just their follower, but soon realized the truth. The figure was
shrouded in black, not blue, and from within in the hood he could
clearly make out the bone mask of a Death Eater.

[^85-1]: Before anyone starts shouting down hellfire on me for adding more
gay couples, I feel I should clarify somethings. One, Carrigan and
Voldemort were never in a romantic relationship. It wasn't all that
different from what Voldemort and Harry have, except for the political
maneuvering and screwing around with each other's souls. Two, Gellert
and Albus' relationship was described by Rowling herself in
aforementioned fashion. Whether that love was of a romantic nature or
just a deep brotherly affection, I'll leave for you to decide one way or
another in both cannon and my story.
