# Heaven and Earth

The days returned to their usual autumnal chill, leaving only a bright, silver
sky to remind them of the storm that had come and gone. The werewolves, from
every colony in Britain down to the last man, woman, and child, had gathered
in the remains of the old colony the day after Voldemort's men had finished
their investigation, and in those five days leading to the Goddess Clan's
funeral rites, tore down the burnt timbers and cleared the scattered debris,
until it was as if no one had ever lived there at all. Then they dug out the
graves, thirty in total, one large grave at the center and the rest laid in a
ring, like the minute markers of giant clock. Then three more holes were dug,
larger than the others, equally spaced around the ring, and there they built
altars and made their offering to the dead.

Luna brought a ptarmigan. Harry brought a hare. They laid them with the other
pack's animal offerings, piled atop the still warm bodies; furred, feathered,
and scaled, and wiped the blood from each other's hands. In the second alter,
others placed offering of clothing, weapons, tools, furniture, books, flowers,
cookery, and crockery filled with foodstuff. There was a third pit, but only
one was permitted to place offerings there.

Harry watched Jane Canis as she appeared and disappeared with mysterious
bundles in and out of the third alter pit, her once curious brown eyes now
distant under the weight of the goddess' possession*. A short distance away,
her father, Stephen, watched on with all the grief and frustration of a man
who has lost his child to death, and for now that might as well be the case.
He could no longer touch his own daughter, not laugh with her, or reprimand
her, or comfort her. It would be two three years until Jane became an
unsuitable host and the possession ended, and by then she wouldn't be the
same. The man had lost something irretrievable.

Luna tightened her hand in Harry's.

"It's not your fault," she said.

"I brought them here," he countered softly.

"They belong here."

"He lost his daughter."

"You couldn't have known."

"I brought this down on them, Luna. I brought this down on your family. If I
hadn't pushed Proposal 4-66-"

"And if father hadn't accepted it, and if those werewolves in Berlin hadn't
killed those people, and if Stephen hadn't rescued you… A whole lot of 'if's,
Harry. All the joys and sorrows of the world do not revolve around your
decisions alone."

Harry closed his eyes. He knew that. He did, but it was so hard. In his
naïveté, he hadn't considered the retribution the Germans might exact. It had
just seemed like the right thing to do at the time. More frustrating was the
fact that a part of him knew he hadn't been wrong.

A horn sounded, low and mournful, drawing him from his thoughts. The others
had finished making their offerings, and were now forming a semi-circle around
the ring of graves or carrying wooden pallets up the path towards the
clearing. He turned to Luna, who was looking towards the line of men and women
heading away from them.

"I have to go. I should help carry some of my brothers."

"Do you want me to..?"

She shook her head. "You're not ready yet."

Slowly, she pulled her hand from his and made her way towards the clearing,
where the bodies of the slain had been prepared for burial. He didn't
understand how she could face them so soon, when he himself shied away from
the mere memory of what he had seen. She was so much stronger than she looked.

And then he was alone for the first time since *it* had happened. He felt the
autumn chill starting to seep into his awareness, and began to search for
familiar faces. Sirius and Remus were not there, performing ritual cleansing
for their part in the funeral rites somewhere else, and he doubted Stephen
wanted his company at the moment and his wife and children were nowhere in
sight. Everyone else he knew happened to be dead. The cold was starting to
seep in deeper now, and he tightened his cloak around him. His hands were
shaking. His thoughts were becoming disjointed

"Not now," he muttered, "You can't do this now."

A strange, familiar magic brushed against him, and he spun around to find Jane
staring up at him. He stiffened, and looked around for her father. Stephen was
watching them alright, and judging by his expression he wasn't as nonchalant
about Harry's role in recent affairs as Luna was. Harry swallowed thickly and
turned back to Jane who seemed to want his attention.

"We have a little time," she said. "Follow me."

She led him a ways from the others, within sight but out of hearing, and then
turned back to him. She stared at him for a long time, before pulling some
herbal leaves from a pouch in her pocket and handed them to him.

"Chew these, but don't swallow. They will help calm you."

Hesitantly, he did as she instructed and grimaced at the bitter flavor that
coated his tongue. They left his mouth feeling dry, but after a minute his
hands stopped shaking and his thoughts cleared.

"Thank you," he said softly.

"You're still sad," she said. "Why?"

His expression darkened, feelings of bitterness rising up to swamp his guilt.
"I know you're not really human, but I thought even *you* would realize people
dying makes us sad."

She tilted her head curiously.

"But they are not dying. They died days ago. Today, they are reborn. Are you
not happy for them?"

His fists clenched and he glared at her. "Is that how you see it? That just
because they go on as something else, that everything's fine? That what is
lost is completely irrelevant? Is that why the Moon did *nothing* that night?
It's just like putting on a new pair of clothes, isn't it? That's why you let
them kill Fenrir and Athena and *Diana*, because what's another-"

Being slapped is never a pleasant experience, but being slapped by a demi-
goddess is nothing short of brutal. Even in an eight-year-old's body, the blow
was enough to knock Harry to the ground and wash the bitter flavor of potions
away with the coppery taste of his own blood. Stunned, he rolled weakly to his
hands and knees, and stared wide-eyed at the pint-sized deity.

"Do not presume to know our thoughts or feelings. They are beyond your realm
of understanding, mortal," she state coolly, her expression completely
unchanged.

He spat out a mouthful of blood, and idly noted that he'd accidentally
swallowed the leaves she'd given him.

"Why did you let it happen?"

She looked at him blankly, and for a moment he was afraid she was going to hit
him again, but she did eventually speak.

"My mother and I are forces of nature and spirit, but we are not the only
ones. Even we can be overcome." She moved towards him, and he flinched away
but she continued passed him towards the funeral grounds. He watched her go
and grit his teeth. There was no way that he could accept that there was
*nothing* they could have done to prevent this. The Moon had the power to move
*oceans *and induce insanity. What was a couple of bullies on broomsticks in
comparison to that? If nothing else, they could have at least warned Fenrir.
Now was not the time to call her on her feeble excuses, though.

Especially not when his head was still spinning from the smack.

So he climbed to his feet, spat out another mouthful of blood, and returned to
the others.

---

The cottage was just how he left it and so was Pettigrew, when Voldemort
stormed through the front door. The ratty little man scurried into the foyer
with his wand out as the wards shrieked at the unexpected visitor, but froze
and paled at the sight of the Dark Lord glaring at him. Instantly, he was
reminded why he despised Pettigrew so much, and how happy he would have been
to let him die out here in exile. If it weren't for the discovery of the body
with his own youthful countenance at the University of London's, and the
abundance of evidence surrounding it, he might have succeeded but he suspected
Tom was once again trying to make his life difficult.

"Ah..ah..m-my lord, w-what an unexpected p-pleasure. Er..ah.. w-what c-can I
do for-"

"Silence the wards," he snapped, and headed towards the stairs. By the time
the blaring sirens fell quiet, he had already entered his private collection.
The familiar display cases, filed with a variety of dark artifacts he had
collected throughout his travels, were coated with dust and he could already
sense the protective wards on several of them were starting to degrade.

Pettigrew had been neglectful of his responsibilities and he would make sure
the rat suffered for it, but first he needed to check the item he necessary to
verify his suspicions. He pulled out his wand, and with a violent swish,
shattered one of the display cases into a fine shower of glass and dark magic.
He toed through the remains until he found what he was looking for and picked
it up.

Merlin's death coin lay in his palm without so much as a flicker of magic,
dark or otherwise. Tom had was gone. For who knows how long. Anger,
frustration, and something akin to fear came over him, and it took his iron
self-control to keep his face neutral when he turned to Pettigrew, hovering
nervously in the doorway.

"Pettigrew… have you touched this at all since I placed it here?" he asks
calmly, but already the rat animagus looks ready to piss himself.

"No, no, no! I never did! I never could even if I wanted to! I don't like
coming up here at all if I can help it," the man rambled, and by the neglect
of the room Voldemort wouldn't be surprised if he were telling the truth, but
he couldn't take the risk. Besides, hadn't he already determined Pettigrew
would suffer for the neglect of his duty?

"*Legilimens!*"

---

Bagpipes preceded the funeral procession, a loud, echoing bray that drowned
out the deathly silence, but not the heavy despair of death as a seemingly
endless line snaked its way towards the burial ground. The dead were dressed
in their winter clothes and their faces and hair lovingly groomed, and tied to
narrow pallets carried by two strong men or women to their respective graves
where they were lowered. Those among the dead that were mates were placed in a
single grave together, and likewise the younger children were laid beside
them. Luna carried her youngest brother swaddled in a blanket to Athena's
grave at the center of the ring, and with the utmost tenderness placed him
back into his mother's arms.

Harry stood perfectly still, his eyes wide and unblinking, as every man,
woman, and child was laid to rest. On either side of him, the werewolves wept
silently or watched stoically, drawing closer together for physical comfort
and Harry felt their magic slide against him, their grief prickling against
his skin.

Fenrir was brought in last, carried by Sirius and Remus, the future Head Alpha
and his beta being the only ones deemed worthy to carry him. Fenrir had always
been impressive to Harry, but not exactly someone pleasant to look at. He was
scarred and weathered, and shaving had never been art he seemed to care about
mastering. Like all the others, the former Head Alpha had been meticulously
groomed, but even smooth shaven and dressed in the finest clothes they could
find, his face looked harsh and grave without the hard, wicked, laughing
personality that sparkled in his eyes or hid in the curve of his mouth. Harry
found himself missing it. Then the old king was lowered into the grave at the
center of the ring beside his wife and sons, and disappeared.

There were words spoken, by Sirius, by Jane, by Luna, by a dozen other
nameless faces that blurred together, but Harry could only remember a few
things said here and there. The bitter taste of herbs was back in his mouth,
and his stomach twisted unpleasantly where the herbs had settled. He wondered
idly if he had been poisoned, then dismissed the thought as unimportant. If he
died, there were plenty of open graves available.

At some point, Luna returned to his side. Her magic didn't prickle, but
soothed and warmed. Or maybe that wasn't her magic so much as her cheek
resting against his shoulder. It was getting harder to concentrate, harder to
even keep his eyes open, but he knew he had to. Had to watch it all from
beginning to end even if he couldn't make out the words.

", it's funny, ya know," a familiar voice growled beside him. "Most of them
would'a been more than happy to kill me themselves, and now look at'm. Crying
like they'd just lost their mother."

"You're not the only one dead. Maybe some of them *are* burying their
mothers," Harry pointed out, glaring at Greyback or at least in Greyback's
general direction. He was having a hard time focusing. The old alpha threw him
a feral grin and chuckled darkly.

"That's no way to be talk'n to a god, brat."

"You're not a god…you're just dead," he mumbled…slurred… did he even actually
say anything?

"Luckily for me, the two aren't mutually exclusive."

"You're not a god, Greyback," Harry repeated, except now that he looked closer
at Fenrir it didn't seem to be an impossibility. He was wearing the clothes he
had seen on his corpse, soft black wool and thick grey furs, but his face was
as rugged and badly shaven as he remembered, well suited to the lively and at
times abrasive personality he had known in life. The one true peculiarity was
his eyes, one bright yellow and the other milky blue. He wondered at the
significance. "Alright," Harry conceded, "What are you a god of?"

The grin he received was chilling.

"War."

Harry opened his eyes (when had he closed them?) and stared up at halo of
faces hovering above him. He was laying on someone's cloak, he could feel the
fur beneath his fingers and the sticks and underneath that against his back.
Had he fainted? He hadn't eaten since yesterday and then the herbs…

"Harry? Pup?" Sirius started, his expression tight with concern.

"I'm sorry," Harry managed, although it was weak and slurred. "I didn't mean
to fall asleep."

His godfather's mouth twitched into the beginning of a smile.

"You didn't fall asleep, Harry. You fell into a trance. Do you remember
anything? Anything you saw or said?"

He thought about it, snatching at his dreaming, trying to recall when it had
started was a lot harder than finding where it had ended.

"I saw Greyback."

Remus, who was on the other side of him, nodded. "Yes, we gathered that much.
We were afraid he was trying to take over your body. You started rambling
about Greyback not being a god and then you got this look…the kind he used to
have some times when he intended to something particularly nasty."

Harry blinked. He couldn't remember rambling, but then he couldn't remember
much of anything. "That sounds….really embarrassing…"

"More like really scary. Don't ever do that again."

"Oookaaayyy…"

Sirius and Remus shared a look. "What's wrong with him? Why's he acting all…
loopy?" Sirius asked.

"Maybe he's sick?" Remus offered, then touched his head. "He doesn't have a
fever."

"Maybe he can hear you even when you don't talk directly at him?" Harry
suggested, then scanned the crowd of curious faces until he found one
completely indifferent one. He pointed an accusing finger at Jane. "You
*drugged* me."

"It was completely unintentional," she said evenly.

"Clutz."

Luna giggled. Jane ignored her.

"Tell them what you saw."

"Don't you know?"

"Yes, but it will mean more coming from you."

He told them. There was a great deal of talking and shouting and laughing that
followed. Apparently, having a war god in the pack was a *good* thing for some
reason, but exactly why Harry was too tired to figure out. Luckily, his little
walk through la-la land hadn't really started until the after the major
funeral rites had been completed, and Sirius was happy to hand Harry off to a
group of healers at the temporary lodges that had been erected to house
everyone while the rest of the pack finished. The healers, all women, peppered
him with questions, about his vision, about his relation to Sirius, about his
relationship to Luna, even as they practically shoved hot food and tea down
his throat so he couldn't answer even if he wanted to. Luna hovered behind
them, making funny faces that had Harry nearly choking on his food. Then they
left him alone with Luna, who cuddled up next to him and wrapped them both in
a blanket.

"Are you alright?" she asked.

"I'm okay. It was just weird. I didn't even know I was dreaming until I woke
up. Are you okay? I didn't scare you, did I?"

She shook her head and smiled.

"I was worried when you didn't respond to any of my questions, but then you
started talking and I knew what was happening. You touched my cheek and kissed
my forehead. Do you remember doing that?"

He shook his head.

"Father used to do that all the time. I knew you would be okay then. He
wouldn't have hurt you. He liked you."

Harry couldn't say he shared her point of view, as those few instances where
they had actually talked directly to one another had been at least partially
hostile, and even in his dream or vision or whatever it was he hadn't been
particularly amicable. Of course, to Greyback, liking someone and being nice
to them probably weren't related. He liked Sirius after all, and he'd gutted
him.

"Well, I'm glad I have daddy's approval. I don't reckon on getting on the bad
side of a war god for canoodling with his little girl," he said lightly.

She giggled into his arm. "Is that what we've been doing? I have to say
canoodling is a lot more fun than it sounds."

"It does sound a bit like we've been knitting socks or something, doesn't it?"

"Yes, just a bit. Harry, can I ask you a favor?" She pulled back a little so
that he could see her wide, beautiful gray eyes. He was suddenly reminded, not
for the first time, that Luna wasn't a little girl. Her eyes were dilated,
lips slightly parted, and her body pressed against his arm was soft curves and
sweet smells.

"Y-yeah, sure."

"Kiss me?"

And it was only a matter leaning down, ever so slightly and tilting his head
just so, and suddenly they were.

---

Tom set down the newspaper (the sixth one he's read today, this particular one
was from Britain's Wizarding Weekly headlining Harry's suspension from
Hogwarts with rumors of him being under mental duress), and rubbed his temple.
The pain was becoming more persistent, and negotiating with Horace had done
nothing to stymie the migraines. The latest news about the attack on the
werewolf colony and Harry's own involvement had fueled the boy's righteous
indignation, which he was using to continuously harass and annoy him.

It didn't matter to Horace that Tom hadn't intended to hurt Harry, that he was
in fact sorry to involve his young friend at all and would have taken
different actions if he had know it would threaten him. No, all Horace could
see was that it was some how Tom's fault that Seibligg was a selfish,
opportunistic bully. Brat.

"Halloween is only a few days away."

Tom looked up to see Katarina gliding into the living room with a graceful
rolling slink. The sway of her hips was like the swing of a pendulum, drawing
his eyes and his mind to her hypnotic grace. The throbbing behind his eyes,
however, reminded him that any attempt at (or a yielding to) seduction would
bring more pain than pleasure.

"And?"

"We should do something… special," she suggested, a bloodlusty gleam in her
eyes. Tom mentally groaned. He enjoyed murder and mayhem as much as the next
psychopath, but he wasn't here to play games. Katarina had gotten a taste for
the hunt, for the power it gave her and the rush, and it had become
increasingly difficult to rein her in. He had feeling that soon she would do
something stupid, and he would have to decide if keeping her around was worth
the risk.

"I am all for it, my beautiful death," he said sweetly, because he was willing
to indulge her if he could use the situation to his advantage, "But we will
have to do it outside of Berlin. The Dark Lord's orders. With this latest
attack in Britain… Berlin is the only suitable target for retribution. We must
leave if we do not wish to be caught in the cross-fire."

She frowned. "Leave? *Now?* The election is only a few days after Halloween!"

"*Precisely*," Tom said, his impatience starting to show through. "The Dark
Lord has been reluctant to give me any details in advance, but he wouldn't
have suggested abandoning such a valuable post unless it was absolutely
necessary. Besides, he has important work for us in Frankfurt."

"*Goblintown?* Ugh," she sneered in disgust. "Absolutely not. That place reeks
of money."

"Making it a very good place to start weakening the national banking
structure. Seibligg can't fight a war he can't finance."

"If he is even re-elected. A lot of people are angry about the attacks in
Ireland and Britain. They see him as twisting their arms into re-electing him
rather than hiring someone without experience dealing with Britain. They're
right of course, but that doesn't mean it won't work. Doesn't mean it will
either."

"And we can learn all about it from Frankfurt*."

"And miss all the rioting? There are always excellent riots in Berlin after a
controversial election."

"You are free to start one in Frankfurt if it means so much to you," he
snapped, his patience finally worn out. Katarina stiffened then glared.

"Mind who you are speaking to, boy. I am your *ally,* not your toy, and I am
quite through with your mind games. We're staying until *after* the elections
and then we're going somewhere that *isn't* Frankfurt."

"Katarina-"

"And that's final!" she snapped. She spun on her heels and walked out,
slamming the door behind her. Tom snatched up the closest item he could find,
in this case tea pot, and hurled it into the fire place. It shattered
beautifully, but the tea doused the flames, leaving him frustrated. Perhaps he
should have thrown the blood-sucking trollop in the fire instead, he thought.

"I hope you're happy. Now we have a PMSing vambitch to deal with."

Horace's dark chuckle in the back of his mind was not what he wanted to hear.
If it were possible, he'd like nothing more than to put the little bastard
under cruciatus for an hour or two.

*It's all that bad, Karma, Tom. Perhaps you should take up a new hobby. Like exorcism. You can start with yourself.*

"Shut up."

---

Harry woke late that night to the sound of laughter and music. The lodge house
was empty and cold, and he reluctantly climbed out of the pile of furs to see
what was going on. It appeared the funeral was over, and now it was time for
the reception, which was considerably more jovial after what appeared to be a
lot beer and ale than was strictly healthy. Harry looked for Luna in the
crowd, but there were nearly a dozen bonfires built around several lodges and
in the dark and flickering light he couldn't find her.

He did find his godfathers though, and thankfully neither of them was drunk.
They were sitting around a small fire with a handful of men, alphas by the
looks of them, away from the others and deep in discussion. He wondered if he
would be welcome there, or if he should find company elsewhere until they
finished their business. Before he had a chance to decide, someone came up
behind him, grabbed his arm, and started dragging him away. Harry instantly
dug his heels and started to struggle, ready to shout for help if necessary,
but he hesitated when he realized it was Stephen.

"We have to talk," the man growled, "In private."

And that seemed like a very bad idea for a variety of reasons, not the least
of which was the look in the man's eyes as he pulled him behind one of the
lodge houses. If he called out though… if Sirius thought Stephen had intended
to hurt him, Harry didn't know what his godfather would do to him. He didn't
want the man to get hurt just because he was upset about Jane, and he didn't
want to put the rest of the family through anymore grief. So he held his
tongue and clutched his wand, and hoped it he wasn't making a huge mistake.

When they were out of sight of the others, Stephen let him go and Harry took a
few cautious steps away from him and lit his wand. In the electric blue glow
of the *lumus* spell, the werewolf's was all stark white planes and deep
shadows, his eyes so deeply shadowed as to nearly be invisible. Harry kept a
close watch on his legs and hands, both already tense.

"What did you want to talk about?"

For a seemingly endless moment, the man said nothing, and as the seconds
ticked by Harry was increasingly convinced that this was a bad decision.

"Jane," he said at last, "You can fix her, can't you?"

Harry blinked, confused.

"Fix her? I don't know what you mean by… oh…no. No, I can't."

Stephen's hands clenched.

"Yes, you can! You're a wizard! You're a bloody *shaman!* You can get
that…*thing*… out of her!"

"I'm *not* a shaman, and I've never done an exorcism. And even if I were, she
isn't possessed by a simple spirit. She's possessed by a *god*. If I tried to
force it out of her, she could die. And afterwards? You'd have an angry
goddess running after you! I can't do anything for Jane. You'll have to wait-"

He was so distracted trying to make the man understand, he forgot to keep
watching his body language, and was unprepared when he was thrown to the
ground. He scurried back, bringing up his wand to defend himself, but Stephen
climbed on top of him, pinning him with his legs and his wand arm with one
arm. Harry kicked and thrashed and punched and clawed his free hand, but
Stephen was larger, faster, and a more experienced fighter and all his efforts
did nothing.

"Stephen, stop! You're not helping-"

The punch had him seeing stars, sent his mind flying for a moment in painless,
dizzying somersaults. The first sensation to return wasn't pain, so much as
the unpleasant panic of being unable to breath. Stephen's legs were
constricting the sides of his chest, and blood was clogging his nose. The
second sense to return was hearing.

"-ought us here. You said it would be safe! It's a fucking mad house! These
people are all crazy, and now they've ruined my daughter!" Stephen was
shouting, his voice cracking under the strain of anger and stress. "So you
*fix* her, god dammit! You got us into this mess, so you bloody well fix it!"

"I'm…" Harry wheezed, "…sorry."

There was a choked and bitter laugh, and Harry closed his eyes and braced
himself for another blow. A blow that didn't come. Instead he felt the man
being tackled, and torn away from him. There was shouting and snarling and the
sound of fighting. And it wasn't just two people either. He could hear several
voices, male and angry and cursing up a storm. Harry rolled onto his side and
coughed up blood, his lungs heaving for air.

"Harry!" Remus called, drawing away from the fight to attend his godson his
hands efficiently examining him for injuries. "Are you alright? Are you hurt
anywhere?"

He could have given his godfather quite the list, but that wasn't important.
What was important was that he could still hear vicious fighting, even though
he couldn't see it (where was his wand?). Even without being able to see it,
he knew it wasn't Stephen who was winning.

"St-Stop!" he gasped…then gathered his strength to shout, "STOP! SIRIUS STOP
IT!"

He jumped to his feet and immediately collapsed again, Remus barely catching
him before he hit the ground.

"Sirius, I need your help!" Remus shouted.

"Hold him till I get back!" Sirius snarled to the others.

The fighting sounds stopped, and to Harry's relief he felt Sirius move next to
him, reaching for him but too afraid to touch where he couldn't see any
injuries.

"Harry, oh god, are you alright?"

"I'm okay. It was just a little smack. I don't think he really wanted to hurt
me," he lied, praying that they believed him.

"Fuck, Harry, he could have killed you! He could have crushed your chest or
bashed your head in."

"I'm okay," he continued to insist, "Please, don't hurt him."

Sirius made an exasperated sound.

"Someone get some light over here!" he ordered. "Are you going to tell me what
this is all about?"

"He's Stephen Canis," Harry said, and by the long silence that followed he
knew that both his godfathers understood the significance of that statement.
"He thought I could… help Jane. I couldn't. He got upset. More upset. Please,
don't hurt him."

"The hell I'm letting him get away with this-"

"Sirius," Remus cut in sharply. "Don't be a hypocrite. You're Head Alpha. You
have to be the bigger man."

"He's not in his right mind. He lost his daughter to things he doesn't
understand. How would you feel if Greyback had taken possession of me?" Harry
reasoned.

"I…"

"You'd want to 'fix' me too, wouldn't you? He wasn't right, but his family
doesn't deserve to go through anymore pain then they are already. Please,
promise you won't hurt him?"

Sirius let out an irritated growl. "*Fine*. I won't hurt him *anymore*. But
I'm not forgetting this."

Harry let out a breath. "Thank you."

"Come on, pup, let's get you fixed up," Remus said, helping Harry to his feet,
which were steadier now than before. After a few shaky steps, he was able to
walk without leaning on them, and let himself be led away. One of the other
werewolves arrived, carrying the requested torch. Sirius took it, and turned
back to where his men were still holding Stephen.

"Take him to the healers. I'll be along in a minute," Sirius promised. Harry
wanted to say something, but he had already asked so much of his godfather
already, he wasn't about ready to question his word.

For his part, Sirius was boiling with rage, and well past the point where
killing a man seemed unreasonable. He had seen his godson, the closest thing
he had to a child of his own, being beaten practically under his nose and
despite what Harry had said, he didn't doubt that Stephen could have killed
the boy, however unintentionally. That afternoon when Harry had fallen into a
trance, he had been shaken; terrified that he would lose him to forces beyond
his control and now he had been threatened yet again.

This time, however, he did have some control.

The three men holding Canis had been with him when the young beta* had run up
to them and warned him of what was happening, and obediently fallen behind
their leader as he hunted down his godson. They still obediently followed his
orders, pinning Canis to the ground with more force than was strictly
necessary, but without actually hitting him. The lone wolf himself, didn't
look as if he could take much more abuse. His face was covered in blood and
Sirius was almost certain he'd cracked a couple of ribs and broken some
fingers, and he didn't pity him in the least. He glared down at him.

"If you ever come near Harry again, I'll kill you, Canis, and then I'll whore
your wife out to the mangiest, stupidest, most pathetic omega that I can find.
Do you understand me?"

Stephen nodded, or maybe his head was just lolling, but it didn't matter. He
would pass his message on to his pack's alpha and he would insure it was
understood.

"Good. Let him go."

The other alphas pulled away, leaving their prey abandoned on the ground, and
followed Sirius as he walked away.

"Should we take him to a healer?" one of them asked.

"I promised my godson I wouldn't hurt him, but I never said anything about
helping."

---

Just to be absolutely clear, when Diana was killed, the demi-goddess
possessing her jumped from Diana's body to Jane's. The Canis family was with
another pack at the time and were safe.

Frankfurt is the banking capitol of wizarding Germany, and home to the German
main branch of Gringotts. Gringotts is an international chain, but its British
Branch is completely cut off from its other branches due to complex spells and
laws initiated by Voldemort, so funds can't be transferred to or from the
bank, meaning those who left assets in the London Branch after they fled the
country, can't pick up those funds anywhere else in Europe. The Gringotts
Goblins do, however, have means of communicating with one another.

In case you're thinking, 'well, that's damn convenient', it isn't. That 'young
beta' was Bobby looking after his 'familiar'. Why and how, I'll get into
later.
