# Destiny Unfolding

The forest was bare and colorless; nothing more than black skeletal
limbs, clean white earth, and a grey sky that hung low and spread out
into eternity. It should have been dreary and lonely, but beyond his
five senses he could feel life in abundance. Or at least, what passed
for life in this place. Perhaps Harry could not see them because he,
himself, was not alive. He was very aware that he left no prints in the
snow as he walked.

He stopped, and turned around, looking back in the direction he had
come. None of it looked familiar. Had he really come from that
direction? Where had he come from? How long had he been walking and
where had he intended to go?

Turning in a circle, nothing seemed familiar. Another circle and he
couldn't remember which way he had originally been pointing. There was
nothing distinctive, the trees were all unique and yet uniform in their
style of twisting limbs. Above him the sun was lost, dissolved into a
diluted silver glow.

"Hello?" he called out, but despite the emptiness, his voice sounded
muffled and barely discernable even to himself. "Hello?!"

He stopped to listen, but there was nothing be heard. Not an echo, not
the wind, and certainly not a reply. What now?

There was really only two options available to him. He could stay where
he was and wait for someone to find him or he could start walking and
hope he found a way out of… whatever this place was. Passivity having
never been one of his defining characteristics, he picked a direction at
random and started walking.

---

Simon bolted upright in his bed, startled from deep sleep by the booming
crack of the gun. The second shot had him leaping out of his bed,
scrambling for the hunting knife on his dresser. The floor was icy cold
against his bare feet, and a faint blue glow from the window told him
without a conscious thought that it was at least half an hour until
sunrise. He stumbled over his things in the dark, the sounds of shouting
and breaking glass from downstairs muffling his own clumsiness.

He regained his footing and seized the blade, pulling it free of its
protective sheath. It was brand new and wicked sharp. His father ahd
given it to him on this trip to teach him how to field dress pheasants,
wild ducks, and rabbit and he knew just how to hold it without hurting
himself. His father said ten years wasn't old enough to handle a rifle
yet, but oh, did he wish he had one now.

There was someone… or some*thing* in their cabin. Something two shots
hadn't managed to kill or scare off. Opening his door and creeping into
the hall, he realized the shouting had stopped but there was still
movement down below. Heavy footsteps and the opening and closing of
doors and cabinets, as if it were looking for something. Dread
threatened to steal the strength his adrenaline rush had given him, as
his mind flitted through memories of all the scary books and movies
where bad things happened to people who went out into the empty woods.
Families haunted by murderous ghosts, hunters killed by demon possessed
animals, vacationers hunted by mad hermits.

But this wasn't images on a screen or words on a page. This was *real*
and it was *inside*. It had his *parents.*

He could still run away. He was on the second floor, but his bedroom
window opened to the roof which slanted down until it was only six or
seven feet off the ground. He had snuck out that way before, but he
couldn't go yet, not until he knew if his parents were okay or not.

He inched towards the end of the hall, silently as he could, aware that
the floor creaked in certain places and he couldn't remember where, and
*it* didn't seem to know he was there and he intended to keep it that
way. As he drew closer ot the stairs, he started to hear voices, but he
couldn't understand what was said. It wasn't French whatever it was.

"There isn't enough to feed everyone." The voice was deep and something
about its accent made Simon think he might be Scottish. A Scottish
killer hermit? In Volges? He didn't know and his English was really bad.

"This gun is for hunting. They probably have an ice box in the cellar
for preserving meat. Tell one of the Frenchies to ask them," said
another, this one English and somewhat nasally.

"Why don't you just go down and look, you lazy ass?"

"Because I'm the one with the gun now. I'm on guard duty, not recon.
That's your job, idiot."

"The thing's empty!"

"How would you know? You were a wizard. You probably never touched a gun
in your life!"

"I'm *muggleborn*. I know a thing or two about guns."

"*Both* of you just shut up."

The third voice caused Simon to falter mid-step, freezing his breath in
his lungs. It was a voice like no other he had ever heard. It echoed on
itself, simultaneously clear and young and deep and guttural. It was
unnatural.

"Take these two into the cellar, check to see if there's a freezer while
you're there. You check the upstairs. It'll be tight, but there might be
enough room for all of us… if only for a few hours."

"Yes, Master," the other two agreed.

Then there were footsteps heading towards the stairs, and before Simon
even had a chance to back away from the edge, a man he had never seen
before appeared below him. He was a very strange looking man, tall and
muscular in some odd sort of black uniform and a roughly cut beard. He
stopped at the base of the stairs, his blue eyes widening, as surprised
to see Simon as the ten year old was to see him. He tilted his head
curiously in a rather animalistic gesture.

"Well, what do we have here?"

Simon turned and flew to his door, slamming it shut and twisting the
lock on the knob. He made it to the window just as the man reached his
door, rattling the knob that would no longer turn. Sticking his knife
between his teeth, he struggled to unlock and pry open the window,
crying in fear and frustration as it jammed part of the way up. The
rattling of the knob turned to heavy blows against the door, threatening
to tear it from its hinges. He leaned over and squeezed his head through
the space he had made and pushed his body through, tearing his sleep
clothes as he went, until he was through. Behind him he heard the door
finally yield to the intruder, smashing open.

From somewhere inside he heard his mother scream his name.

If the floor inside the house had seemed cold before, out on the roof it
was mind-numbingly cold. It drained the warmth and feeling from his bare
hands and feet, but he barely noticed in his adrenaline haze. He crawled
awkwardly but quickly to the edge of the roof, while his pursuer
struggled with the window and was still struggling with it when Simon
slipped off the edge and tumbled the few feet to the ground. The ground
was frost covered beneath him, but he paid it no mind as he ran for the
gravel road.

And then a man stepped out from the trees in frount of it. Simon
stopped. Another person appeared, a woman this time. Then another man
and another. He turned to flee in another direction but there were
people there too. Then more people. They came from amongst the trees,
dressed in black or grey, like ghostly apparitions, barely visible in
the predawn light. No matter what direction he looked there were more
there, and the harder he looked for an escape the closer they manged to
draw towards him. He pulled his knife from between his teeth and held it
out in front of him. It had seemed so large and impressive yesterday,
but now it felt tiny and useless in his trembling hand.

"Stay back!" he shouted, voice cracking and shaking as badly as the rest
of him.

"What have we here? A little rabbit?"

The others stopped moving in, and impossibly, Simon felt more afraid of
that strange voice than all these strangers gathering around him.
Turning, slowly, he found its source and he could not have been more
surprised. It was a boy, not old enough to be out of school, small and
pale and with *glasses*of all things.

Simon thought he should laugh, but even as ridiculous as it all seemed,
he was still terrified of him. Perhaps it was the way the others turned
to him for guidance, or the sword his hand rested on, or his strange
eyes; one vividly green and the other a milky blue. Most likely, it was
because he was looking at his hunting knife and grinning like the Devil.

"No, not a rabbit," the strange boy continued, "Rabbit don't have fangs.
A fox then. You know, I had son about your age…"

The only words Simon understood were 'no, not a rabbit' and 'fox' and
'fangs', which sounded simultaneously nonsensical and ominous; quite in
keeping with the speaker. When the strange boy stepped forward, hand
held out, Simon slashed at him jerkily, but the move failed. Fast, much
too fast, his wrist was caught and twisted, and a flare of pain forced
him to drop the knife Another twist and his arm was folded behind his
back, and a hand was wrapped around his throat.

Simon shrieked and struggled, but a harsh shake made him realize how
futile and painful that was. He stood there, terrified, expecting at any
moment for the hands to tighten and his life to end for reasons he
couldn't even begin to guess at. But the hands did not tighten. Instead,
after a moment, his captor tossed him negligently to a man in grey, who
held him by his upper arm, but otherwise kept his attention on the
leader.

---

"Take him to the cellar with the muggles. The rest of you find someplace
inside to sleep. We'll be leaving again come nightfall," Fenrir ordered,
and those gathered seemed to sigh in relief. Their flight from the
colony had been a sudden decision and none of them had been properly
rested for an entire night's travel through cold, dark woodland and
fields or had thought to bring food for the journey.

He snorted in annoyance, but knew there was nothing for it. Even he was
tired, or rather, Harry's body was tired. It really was a frail and
ridiculous bag of flesh, for all the conflict it had survived.

"Master Fenrir."

He turned to see Beartooth approach him cautiously, head as low as he
could make it without actually stooping. He still towered over him by
several inches, which grated on the war god's nerves, but wasn't worth
addressing at the moment.

"What is it?"

"There was some meat found in the freezer, but I sent a few of our men
to find some deer. What will you do with the muggles?"

Fenrir shrugged. He had originally planned to kill the cabin's occupants
in order to secure it for his people, counting the owners as nothing
more than a few casualties of war, but the boy made him hesitate. He had
killed children in his lifetime, accidentally and always during the full
moon, and quickly realized it never sat well with him once he regained
his senses. He supposed it had something to do with his own traumatic
encounters as a child, which had not only stolen his innocence but also
three of his younger siblings. Orphaning wasn't much better. He couldn't
let them go with what they had seen, and while he could glean some
spells from Harry's mind the boy was not skilled with the spells wizards
typically used to deal with muggles who had seen too much. The adult
male might die anyway. He hadn't exactly been gentle when he trying to
neutralize the threat of the rifle. If he did die, the woman and the
child would need someone to look after them. The full moon wasn't that
far off…

"I'll think of something."

"And the wizards? Voldemort will not ignore the disappearance of his
protégé."

Fenrir snorted at that. If the Dark Lord cared about his 'protégé' so
much, he wouldn't have sent him out here in the first place.

"We will leave the women and the children here in France to act as
distractions until we are in Germany. After that… he's welcome to follow
us."

"What if he hurts the ones you leave behind for helping you?"

Fenrir laughed at this. "They are all French citizens now, even the
German ones. If he hurts them he risks ruining his alliance with the
Queen. Jane explained it to me. All we have to do is get into Germany.
After that, revenge will be our only concern."

Beartooth didn't look convinced, but Fenrir waved him off. He did not
need to explain himself to the mortal. What must appear to be a mad
suicide mission to the alpha, was in fact going to be a turning point in
werewolf society. Too long their place in history had been remanded to
the killing of random wizards or mass slaughter by wizards. Now, for the
first time, they were going to unite as an army, as a people, to protect
not only their lives but their newly founded sovereignty. They were a
nation, scattered perhaps, but bound in a common lineage rather than a
common land, and this battle would set the precedent that united they
could overcome their enemies, even if they were wizards. Many would not
survive, but they would not fail.

Rhiannon's daughter had foreseen it.

---

Land passed below Bobby like a dream, verdant green even in what should
have been winter and interwoven with lakes and rivers, and the only
sight of civilization the odd stone bridge and ancient castle fortress
that looked as ancient as the land itself. Mists hung heavy here and
moved around like a living thing, hunting for the unwary to devour. Even
Bobby had to be careful of it, as the sky was no safer than the land,
and he could just as easily disappear into that blinding vapor.

The faerie realms were dangerous places; particularly those that brushed
just a little too close to the spirit realms (or vice versa). It was
easy to get lost in such places, easy to wander a little too far afield
into the mists and find you had died without even realizing it. If Bobby
didn't have Raecellos as his patron he would be considerably more
concerned about this than he was, but the gift of an infallible sense of
direction had not failed him yet.

For now all he had to watch out for were fae, and ravens were common
enough even here that he doubted anyone would give him a second glance.
His primary concern now was expedience. Greyback was apparently hunting
Harry, and he wasn't certain how much of a head start the devil god had.

There was still a chance he could make it before the other. He actually
*knew* where Harry was. Or at least, he had a general idea. They were
both touched by Raecellos, so finding each other wasn't a problem as
long as one knew what they were doing. Which Bobby did.

He passed over a small pond, unnaturally clear of reeds and water
plants, and doubled back. He circled it twice, calculating how far he
had traveled in the fairy realm and how far that would translate in the
mortal one. He estimated that he was somewhere in North Western France
and that if he waited until the next portal to appear he'd probably be
in Germany.

Decision made, he dove straight down into the mirror like water, flying
fast and hard to what would normally be his death. He slammed into the
water without making so much as a ripple, and emerged above a shallow
lake, the air icy cold and the sky painted with the first touch of dawn.
He flew up higher and higher, letting the momentum of his fall carry him
as far as it would go, until he was high enough to get his bearings.
From here he could see mountainous forest deep into autumn, small
townships and villages scattered here and there, and what he thought was
the Saone River winding its way through it all.

This was farther from Paris than he had thought it would be, but it was
possible Harry had been sent this way. There was supposed to be a
werewolf colony a couple miles north of here. That was as good a place
as any to start.

---

Voldemort glared at the Ward-Master, a middle-aged French wizard in
charge of installing and maintaining the wards around Volges-Wulfe and
looked more comfortable in an office than out in the field, or perhaps
just more comfortable out from under the invasive presence of the Dark
Lord. This was probably true of all the men and women the queen had
given him to aide in his search for Harry. There were just under twenty,
and he didn't want to risk anymore knowing what had happened, which
wasn't really a problem at the moment since *no one* knew what had
happened.

"Say that again," he ordered the Ward-Master, who swallowed thickly.

"The wards are all intact, and there was no way through them. Portkey,
apparation, even floo don't work up here. The entrance ward only came
down once yesterday, and that was at the same time your… people… arrive.
No one came in. There's no sign of a struggle anywhere. For all intents
and purposes, it appears they all just… got up and left."

"And your wards can confirm this?"

The Ward-Master looked down, obviously embarrassed about what he was
going to say.

"I…no, I haven't… Um, there are very strict laws about what sort of
wards we can use. The colony falls into a sort of grey area. It's not a
prison and technically it's private land, so we're not really allowed to
monitor when the… residents… come and go. I mean, we have wards set up
to keep them inside during the full moon, but that's a public safety
issue and they're all aware of it and…uh…"

Voldemort just stared at him. That was one of the stupidest things he
had ever heard. Ministry stupid, except even the Ministry had known
better than to give werewolves too much freedom of movement. The
Ward-Master started to sweat and fidget, as if he could read the wizards
dark thoughts. He couldn't, of course. If he could, the man would have
pissed himself. Finally, the Dark Lord turned away from him.

"Do not allow anyone to disturb me for the next half hour."

He didn't wait for an affirmation, but stalked towards the main lodge,
the last place his protégé had been seen. Inside, the state of the place
adhered to the Ward-Master's theory. There were plates of food and
un-drunk beer in crude clay mugs, but no signs of struggle. No
overturned furniture or curse-marks scarring the wood. The two remaining
werewolves, one a part of the Beast Brigade and the other a German
refuge, both swore they had been gone for only a few minutes after
seeing Harry collapse and when they returned with the volunteer
Medi-Witch, the place had been completely empty. They had done a search
of the colony, and when they found nothing the lone Cultie had run to
the nearest town and fire-called the nearest fort. Bureaucracy had tied
things up for hours before word had finally reached him, and while
search efforts were already underway the Dark Lord couldn't help but be
furious over the delay.

Harry was gone, probably kidnapped, possibly dead and no one knew what
was happening. How had anyone even known the boy would be here? Had the
werewolves conspired to kidnap him themselves? He couldn't even begin to
guess for what purpose. German aurors were the most likely culprits, but
something this bold would only serve to draw the French closer to direct
conflict with them and they didn't have the strength yet to fight two
powerful nations at once. It was still possible, however. Current
intelligence stated that Oblitz had taken command and was organizing the
Aurors, and he was potentially hateful and reckless enough to attempt to
kidnap Harry. Just as likely was a group of rogue aurors acting on their
own without thought to the long term consequences. Dead or held hostage,
Britian's Prince would soon be missed, and he didn't like to consider
what that might mean for the war effort. He didn't like to think of what
that might mean to him personally either.

A fatigue fell over him. It had been a long time since he had been
concerned about the consequences of his decisions, and had forgotten how
they could drain a man, even one such as him. He moved himself to a
chair in the darkest corner of the room and sat himself down, pondering
different spells he might try to find Harry or even just to determine if
the boy were alive or dead.

No one came to bother him. Not even after the thirty minutes of required
solitude had passed, and he had formulated a number of spells and
rituals to divine the knowledge he sought even in the event of other
spells put in place to prevent it. Time and supplies would be needed,
neither of which he had in abundance while in France. He couldn't
honestly afford to be away from Britain for more than a day at a time,
but he couldn't imagine going back right then.

He was about to stand and begin the proper preparations, when one of the
side windows sprung open without warning and a raven flew inside. It
circled the room once, barely avoiding smacking into a beam and alighted
clumsily on a table, apparently half blind after moving from the bright
sunlight to the dim lodge. Voldemort's conscious mind went completely
blank, struggling between the sudden recognition and the seeming
impossibility of it. Luckily, his unconscious mind was ready for the
unexpected, and he was casting a spell without thinking.

*"Stupify*."

The spell flew true, and the raven let out startled squawk before
falling over, its black talons clawing at the air. Voldemort snatched
the bird up off the table, examining him from head to toe, before
realizing he was being stupid. If this was indeed who he thought it was,
his *physical* appearance wasn't going to be what gave him away.

*"Rennervate*."

Immediately, the raven flailed and pecked and clawed at his hand,
attempting to escape. Voldemort flinched as it drew blood, but didn't
let go.

"Stop that or I'll kill you."

And suddenly, the raven froze. Slowly, it tilted its head up to look up
at him.

"Bobbitimus."

Raven's don't glare. They lack the facial musculature to do so, but the
Dark Lord could read the hatred in those beady black eyes easily enough.

"So it *is* you." This was… stunning. If it were any other time, he
might be able to discern some sort of emotion, some sort of nostalgia,
but at this moment his only thought was the raven's presence and his
protégé's absence was too uncanny to be mere coincidence.

"Where is Harry?"

Bobitmus' jerked, blinking at him stupidly. "He's not here?"
Immediately, the raven realized he had already revealed too much. Before
he opened his big beak he could have denied any interest or involvement
with the young wizard. The Dark Lord's crimson eyes narrowed.

"Were you looking for him? What business do you have with him? Or
rather, what business do the fae?"

Indignant, Bobby stabbed him sharply with his beak.

"Our business is our own. Not yours *or* the fae. Neither is my master,
as you well know, seeing as you killed the one who was."

Voldemort's tightened his hands around him painfully, threatening to
crush his fragile bones. He held his breath, held it in, refusing to
scream from the encroaching pain that was soon to follow. But the Dark
Lord's gripped eased, until he could once again breathe comfortably.

"It is only out of respect for your master that I do not kill you now,
but I promise you agony beyond measure if you attempt to withhold Harry
from me."

"Well, I'm not hiding him in my back pocket if that's what you're
implying!"

"Don't try my patience, Bobbitimus. I ran out of it long ago. Tell me
what you know."

The raven considered lying, considered saying nothing, and briefly
considered pecking out the bastards eyes (although this was primarily
done to make himself feel better about a really lousy situation), but
realized rather quickly that of the two of them, the Dark Lord was the
best suited to help the missing Gryffindor.

"The War God, Greyback is hunting him. I was sent as messenger to warn
him. If he truly is not here and you don't know where he is, then
perhaps it is too late."

Voldemort's eyes widened. "Why would Greyback…" a series of awful ideas
slipped through his mind, and to his dismay all of them seemed possible
with Greyback. In his moment of distraction, Bobby made his move. There
was angry curse, and the Dark Lord snarled in pain as the mass of
feathers beneath him transfigured into hundreds of razor sharp quills,
stabbing savagely into his unprotected hands. Force to open his hand,
Bobby tore free and flew as fast as he could through the still open
window, leaving behind several of his transfigured feathers in the Dark
Lord's hand.

The curse that followed after the raven took out half the eastside of
the cabin and several fine old oaks, but Voldemort could hear the
raven's wicked laughter ringing through the trees for a long time after.

"Lord Voldemort!" someone cried, and several witches and wizards swarmed
to the door of the cabin to see what had happened. He only spared them
an irritated glower, before turning to his injured hand. There were
easily three dozen ebony quills buried deep into his right hand, and
they were not going to come out on their own. He pulled a few of them
free with his teeth, and hissed as he discovered in a rather painful way
that they were not only sharp but also barbed.

"Just like old times," he muttered to himself, then turned to the
frightened little minions hovering at the door. "Fetch me pen and paper,
Lt. Potter's luggage, and the finest blade you can find."

The dozen or so men and women just stood there and stared dumbly at him,
unable to comprehend exactly how (or *why*) he had just blown up part of
a cabin and injured himself so badly. He flung out his wand, which sent
anyone not quick enough to dodge, flying several feet.

"*NOW!*"

---

"This sucks Mermaid eggs," Ernst grumbled, as he sloughed after his
comrades through the ancient sewers. The murky water was only ankle
deep, but it was icy cold and hid the uneven floor so that they had to
be constantly alert to keep from falling into it. The Schnauzer sized
rats weren't exactly pleasant either. Viktor was at the front with the
maps, carefully marking their progress through the underground, while
Eleonore held up her lighted wand for everyone to see by. He was stuck
playing pack mule carrying all their supplies and Engel rounded out
their little party and followed behind them to guard their backs.

"Shut up, kid. You're the one who wanted to come along so badly," Engel
grumbled. This was perfectly true, but then Ernst hadn't known their
mission was going to take so damn long. The ancient tunnels had been
interesting and sparked his sense of adventure for about an hour, but by
the second he had had enough. They were on their fourth hour now, and he
didn't like the idea that they hadn't reached their destination and
after they did they would still need to go back.

"We're almost there now," Viktor said tightly. "We're right under the
Department of Muggle Affairs, so the Department of Education has to be
about a sixty meters to the left of us… there'll be a turn in just a
couple of feet."

"I'm with Ernst," Eleonore muttered. "The sooner we all get out of this
pit the better. This can't be doing your arm any good."

"It's fine," he snapped, and no one said anything else. It was obvious
to everyone that it *wasn't* fine. It was clearly causing their leader a
lot of pain, and the way he was stubbornly refusing to let anyone look
at it made several in their group suspect it was infected. The only
reason they hadn't pushed him to stay at home was that this might be
their last mission together. If the ward hub really was under the
Department of Education, then destroying it would cause the wards to
come down and the German Aurors would re-take the city and allow Viktor
to find a medi-wizard to treat him. Then what?

Eleonor had made it clear she would write about what had happened in
Berlin for everyone to hear, maybe even a book, and do what was her
journalistic responsibility demanded of her. Ada would take her daughter
Christiane somewhere quiet and safe to recover from the loss of her
father. The others… it was harder to say. None of them were technically
Auror material aside from Viktor, but that didn't mean they wanted to
sit on their hands while their country was under attack. Whatever
Viktor's plans were, he kept them to himself and they respected that.

Viktor suddenly stopped and looked up from his map.

"Did you hear something just now?"

Immediately, they were all on alert and scanning the darkness for
potential threats, which of course was pointless. No one could see
anything. They remained motionless and listening for a long moment.

"Must have been a rat," Viktor finally said uncertainly. "Stay on guard
just in case. It's possible that there are traps down here."

They didn't need to be told twice.

"Switch to dark vision," he ordered softly, "I can find the spot without
the map from here."

Eleonore extinguished her wand, and a few softly whispered spells
pervaded until they could all see again. The tunnel was… not exactly
clear as day, but easily visible in a spectrum of white, grays, and
blacks; nothing more than shapes and shadows. The map was useless to
them now, as the spell made it impossible to see anything written or
drawn on a flat surface, and Viktor tucked it away into his robes. It
freed his hand to carry his wand, and he was thankful for that. His left
arm was stiff and useless, unable to unbend at the wrist or even clench
his fist, and he had been forced to pocket his wand while carrying the
map.

"Did you hear something?"

Everyone froze.

That hadn't been one of them. It came from ahead of them somewhere, the
barest echo. Viktor turned and gestured for them to fall back further
into the tunnels and they all ducked into another, and waited to see who
it was.

"Echoes from the street and nothing more. There is no one down here. No
one knows of this place," a female voice said simply.

"You know of it."

"But of course. These tunnels are the safest way to travel, night or
day. We have the greatest mobility underground than above during the
daytime, and the Ministry is unable to track our movements during the
night. We are more familiar with the tunnels than the streets. The
tunnels have remained the same for centuries."

"How much further, then?"

"It's just up ahead and to the right. Five minutes at the most."

"Hhhmmm… it seems you may yet redeem yourself, Katarina."

There was no response from the other, but Viktor felt his heart race. He
knew that voice! He knew *both* of them! Their combination brought up a
whole range of dark possibilities. He waved the others further back into
the tunnel. They had to distance themselves.

He didn't fancy fighting vampires in this place.

The others moved back cautiously, but then the vampiress spoke again and
they froze.

"Wait… I *smell* something… Goethe, Ramone, check it out."

"Yes, Mistress."

"What is it?" Horace asked, staring after the two vampires as they moved
into the tunnel.

"There's someone here…"

"You said… never mind. We'll have to take care of this before I can-"

"*Incendio!*"

"Shit! *Negatus incendius!"*

Goethe and Ramone both just barely managed to get behind Tom's
counterspell before the wall of fire swallowed them. The fire dissipated
into scalding cloud of steam, burning and soaking them simultaneously.
Katarina snarled like a lioness, and the moment the flames dispersed she
flew down the tunnel to meet their attackers. This territory was *hers*
and had been for centuries. She would not yield it to the wizards.

"Katarina, wait!" Horace shouted after her, but she ignored him. "Go and
assist your mistress, you useless fools!"

She could sense the others, Goethe, Ramone, Fiore, Nanz, and Lila follow
after her, foolishly leaving the wizard unguarded. She thought to
counteract his command, but the enemy was already too close. She could
hear the loud splashes and thuds of their feet as they scrambled to
escape. Slowing just enough to let the others catch up to her she
ordered them quietly.

"Split up and get ahead of them. Drive them into the Bone Well if you
can, but whatever you do, keep them from reaching topside."

*"Concido!*"

The tunnel ahead of them collapsed, but Katarina merely smirked and
turned down another tunnel with her minions. Gradually, they started to
break off in different directions and passages opened up for them in
order to find and surround their prey. The thrill of a true hunt filled
her. This was so much better than the simple stalking and surprising of
helpless witches and wizards caught out on the street or sheltered in
the rubble. There was danger and strategy in this. If she made a wrong
turn or didn't respond fast enough they could escape or catch her in one
of those awful spells.

She kept track of their movements by the echoes of the curses and
footsteps, carefully calculating how she might cut them off and in which
direction they might next turn. It was obvious to her that they were
completely lost now, turning randomly, and cutting off their ability to
back track by collapsing tunnels behind them, and only through sheer
luck had they avoided being caught in a dead end.

Their luck ran out as they made a turn down a wide tunnel that emptied
out into the Bone Well. The Bone Well was a nickname given to the thirty
foot wide chamber into which six other tunnels emptied at different
levels. The chamber floor had collapsed into another tunnel beneath it
centuries ago, creating a two story pit from which the only escape was a
two foot drainage pipe that was routinely flooded or blocked or both.
Whenever it rained the pit flooded with water and when the water finally
receded a new collection of animal and human bones from the nearby
catacombs, trash, and was left behind. The water was low at the moment,
and dozens of mucky skulls leered up at them as they frantically
searched for a way to one of the other tunnels.

"Ah hell, what are we going to do now?!" Ernst shouted.

"A bridge! We need to make a bridge!" Engel snapped, pushing him aside
and pointing his wand to the rubble down below. "*Pon constructio de os
et later et mortarium!"*

Beneath them the rubble started to move, rolling around and shaking
itself loose from the muck, before pulling itself together into pillars
of bone and brick and muddy mortar. Taunting laughter rang out behind
him, echoing through the tunnels and into the chamber, almost deafening
after the long standing silence.

"*Incendio!*" Viktor cursed, driving back the shadowy figures he could
see coming up behind them. "Dammit, how long?"

"Give me a damn minute! I don't have anything descent to work with!"

"Just hurry!" Ernst demanded, fidgeting frantically as the macabre
bridge slowly began to take shape. The pillars were too thin and shaky,
but it only needed to stand for a few seconds, long enough for them to
cross into another tunnel. The walkway was only starting to form, when
out of sheer panic, Ernst rushed it.

"You idiot! It's not ready!" Engel shouted, but it was too late, Ernst
was already on the still forming bridge and it swayed under his added
weight, threatening to throw him off and into the pit. He struggled to
keep his balance then struggled to keep free as bones and brick came
together around his feet, still in the process of forming the structure.
Ernst screamed in terror and scrambled across, feeling the structure a
hair's breadth from collapsing beneath him completely. By some miracle
he managed to get to the other side, and still caught up in his terror
he continued to run into the tunnel, abandoning his fellows behind him.
Viktor called after him.

"Wait! Ernst, wait! Damn it! Go after him! I'll follow behind and
destroy the bridge."

"But-"

"GO!"

Engel grabbed Eleonore's arm and dragged her onto the bridge. It swayed
beneath them, but nothing like it had with Ernst. They were almost to
the other side when they were met by Katarina. She stood at the entrance
of the tunnel, smirking down at them, her right hand covered in blood.
Viktor shouted for them to defend themselves, but it was already too
late. Too quick to see, she moved from one side of the bridge to the
other, catching Viktor's arm before he could execute his spell. Engel
and Eleanore, still on the bridge, fell soundlessly to either side, the
silence of their death a direct contradiction to the intensity of sound
that followed as the bridge collapsed, bricks and bones smashing into
the walls and the floor and each other.

Viktor stood there, stunned. They were dead. All of them. His people,
his mission, gone in an inexplicable moment. How? How had this happened?
Why?

"Well if it isn't the naughty little boy. I had hoped that I would see
you again, but I never dreamed it would be here, of all places,"
Katarina crooned, smiling happily. He turned to her. He blinked once
then kicked out at her, but she didn't release his arm and with her free
hand she caught his leg and tossed him onto his back. Filthy, icy water
flowed around him, soaking the back of him from head to toe and when he
rolled over to get back on his feet the rest of him was equally
drenched. He only managed to make it to his knees, before he was grabbed
again and thrown against the tunnel wall, and everything went dark.

---

It took the French minions *hours* to get everything the Dark Lord
required, and if it weren't for the fact that it took almost as long for
his own soldiers at Lorraine's Gate and the Stroudsburg Gate to arrive
and that he had to wait around for the medi-witch to finish fixing his
hand (apparently no one had invented a spell to deal removing so many
barbs at once and most of it still have to be done manually) someone
would have died, whether they were French or not. By early afternoon,
Voldemort was feeling unequivocally frustrated and the rest of the camp
thoroughly terrorized, but he finally had what he needed for the
location spell.

The usual locating spells had naturally come up empty handed, and this
was not surprising. Locating spells were notoriously easy to block or
fool, and it took a sort of creativity and arcane knowledge that most
people lacked to find or create truly magnificent locating spells. One
of them, the Dark Lord had used to find Harry while he was in Germany
through the use of dreams. He could not use that one here. If Greyback
truly was involved in Harry's disappearance, the spell could easily be
destroyed, and its reliance on Harry dreaming was likewise problematic.
There was a very high probability that the boy wasn't asleep or was
trapped that way by Greyback and out of his reach. He needed a different
sort of spell.

He let the others watch as he prepared the spell. Even now he was
something of a narcissist, and he knew what he was about to do would
have them talking for weeks. They gathered around the partially
destroyed lodge, peering in through windows or the blasted out wall, as
he blasted furniture out of the way to clear a space for himself.

"*Vocabulum sanguis*," he hissed, planting his still bloody hand on the
floor. There was a delicious burn as the dozens of little wounds in his
hand reopened to spill his life blood onto the floor, only for it be
caught up by some invisible pen to inscribe a diagram and three hundred
and thirty three symbols spiraled out until it was six feet in diameter.
He withdrew his hand and the red symbols glowed for a moment before
turning black, burning themselves into the wooden floor boards. At the
center of the center of the spiral he placed a piece of paper written in
Harry's hand, for some sort of barely started homework and at the end of
the spiral he set his toothbrush. He stood at a short distance from the
edge of the spiral diagram. After that, the incantation was simple.

*"Patronus de Harry James Potter, ego invito protego tuus dominus."*

The end of his wand glowed white to the point of blinding and he looked
away with the rest of them. When it faded to a tolerable level he turned
to examine his handy work. Harry's patronus stood stiffly in the center
of the spiral, staring at him unhappily. Voldemort took a moment to
admire it. He had never had the privilege of seeing it before, and
though Severus had described it to him it seemed the potions master
failed to convey its true magnificence. The stag was large and strong,
his antlers heavily pronged, its gaze fierce and unflinching. Voldemort,
who had always thought of deer as prey animals, knew this creature held
a warrior's spirit.

There were several gasps from the observers, for even if they didn't
know the patronus belong to Harry, it was well known that Voldemort's
patronus was a snake and to have summoned someone else's was unheard of.

"Your master is in trouble," the Dark Lord said to it, earning him an
interested ear twitch. "A devil god has taken him, and I must rescue him
before it is too late. I need you to guide me to him."

His message seemed to agitate the patronus, for it walked itself in a
circle within the spiral, but did not leave it. This was the only truly
difficult part of the spell, convincing the patronus to leave the
spiral. Inside the spiral, the patronus still had the option of staying
or returning to its own spirit realm, but once it stepped away it would
be bound to the bidding of its summoner until its true master freed it
or died. It circled once, twice, a third time and finally stepped out of
the spiral.

"Come then," Voldemort commanded, and led it outside, and everyone there
quickly moved away to give them room. He addressed his soldiers first.
"Mount your brooms and prepare yourselves. This will happen quickly.
When we find the werewolves, do not engage until I give the order."

As the Culties all began to mount their brooms, he turned to the
patronus.

"Take me to your master."

A handful of Culties barely managed to dodge out of the way as the
spirit deer careened through their ranks and into the woods. Those
already mounted, shot after it while the rest scurried after them. It
was a *fast* patronus too, the Dark Lord noted mentally, before he too
followed. He had no broom and didn't require one, but instead employing
a technique he had taught to many a Death Eater during the war years,
dissolved his body into a thick smoke and shot into the air to follow.[^106-1]

It happened as quickly as he had suspected it would. The patronus ran
the gamut of trees and hill, ravines and streams, briar and boulder, and
still all struggled to keep up from the air. Those who flew too low had
to be cautious of the trees and those who flew too high risked losing
sight of their guide. Only Voldemort, who's insubstantial body held as
little fear of the physical realm as the patronus did, was able to keep
up easily, often moving so low and close he brushed against the side of
the spirit deer, urging it to ever greater speeds. Less than half an
hour later the patronus suddenly stopped before a large cabin in the
woods, straightened itself to full height, ears spread wide and alert,
and did not move.

Unprepared, Voldemort shot passed it, and ended up circling back,
surveying the perimeter of the cabin as he did so. Immediately, he knew
this was the place. It was heavy with magic. He reformed himself beside
the patronus. It did not acknowledge him, but stared unblinking at the
cabin.

"Go. You have done your part," the Dark Lord commanded, and the spirit
deer disappeared in plume of mist. General Maxxis and General Thurston
dismounted their brooms to stand beside him and receive their orders.

"Do not engage the werewolves unless I give the signal. I will discern
the situation myself."

They looked ready to protest his engaging the 'enemy' directly, but he
was already moving towards the cabin. He had barely taken half a dozen
steps before the front door opened and Harry walked out of the cabin to
meet him.

The next half a dozen steps and it became clear that it wasn't Harry who
had come out to greet him.

"Greyback, you son of a bitch."

"Why yes I am," the monster laughed in his strange dual voice.

"Release Harry this instant," he snarled, stalking forward. There were
several warning snarls from inside the house, and men started filing out
from doorway. Voldemort ignored them. They were meaningless.

"I don't think so," Greyback said offhandedly. "I need him for
something."

"I really don't care."

The devil god laughed. In an instant, Harry's wand was in his hand, and
a spell he should not have known was cast. "*Ignis draconis*."

A dragon, composed purely of fire, formed from the air and sprang for
the dark lord, setting the leaf littered ground ablaze as it went. The
Dark Lord apparated out of the monster's path a few meters away from its
massive fiery teeth, and then again when the thing spat fire at him.
Culties sprang into action, sending offensive spells at it, but they
were ineffective against something so strong. Voldemort himself was
somewhat astonished at the level of the spell. 'Fire Dragon' was not
really a difficult spell, but typically it was only intended to be the
size of a large pony not an actual dragon, and for someone to make it
that large required a great deal of magic and control. Greyback should
not have had either. The monstrosity roared and swung its tail, smashing
several trees into smoking cinders and sending a handful of Culties
flying without the aid of their brooms.

"*Ignis dissolutus!*" Voldemort snarled and the dragon exploded into so
many embers, floated up, and disappeared. He turned to Greyback who was
still leering at him confidently.

"That was fun. I see why wizards might like this sort of thing."

"How?" he demanded, but the devil god merely waved the question away.

"Not something ya need to worry about. I was just showing off. Those
German bastards are in for quite the surprise."

"*Stupify!*"

The spell caused Greyback to stumble backwards, but he threw it off with
shiver and a smirk.

"Mine was cooler."

The Dark Lord's crimson eyes narrowed. He was not prepared for this
fight. He knew a thousand spells that could kill a man or a god, but
none that could kill a god without hurting the body of the one
possessed. Stunning spells and simple hexes wouldn't work on the likes
of Greyback, and anything stronger risked Harry's body.

"What do you want, Greyback?"

The devil god grinned and spread his arms, as if welcoming him for a
hug.

"I want the same sort of things you want; a strong nation, a happy
people, and my enemies writhing in agony at my feet. Is that so
unreasonable, old friend?"

"I was giving you all of that already! Why betray me now?!"

Greyback narrowed his eyes, and Voldemort felt an uncomfortable anxiety
at seeing the devil god's anger and hatred shining through Harry's young
face.

"You cannot *give* pride! We are not your dogs! We will take our revenge
on our own terms."

"And you would betray your allies to do so? You would dare to betray
*me*? I will kill all of your kind down to the last man, woman, and
child before I will tolerate such arrogance!" he warned, raising his
wand towards the house where the werewolves were still trickling out the
door. They froze when they saw the Dark Lord pointing his wand at them.
It would only take one simple spell and cabin and everyone inside (and
likely anyone anywhere even *close*to it) would be dead.

Greyback glowered at him, but made no move to obey.

"It's funny ya should say that," he said darkly, and from his back
pocket he removed the hunting knife he had taken from the muggle boy and
raised it to his neck. "I was thinking the same sort of thing."

The Dark Lord hesitated, the devil god grinned.

"You wouldn't…" but they both knew he would.

"Harry is as much mine as he is yours, old friend. He belongs to my
Queen and to my people. Killing this body means nothing to me. He will
die as Britain's prince and be reborn a godling in Rhiannon's court, my
brother and my servant. Do not attempt to test my resolve here. I'm
fucking crazy and we both know it."

Black hatred welled up in the Dark Lord, the likes of which he had not
felt since the war, when Dumbledore continued to aggravate and harass
him and his forces at every turn. He had thought he had outgrown such
pettiness, but now he could feel it blooming again like a perennial
flower.

"If you harm a hair on his head, I crush the souls of your last living
children and feed them their own hearts."

Greyback snarled, lifting Harry's wand to truly attack him, but a new
voice interrupted.

"Quit being so stupid, the both of you. Threatening each other won't get
you anything but a lot of very dead innocents."

They both turned to a rather singed tree, where Bobby had landed
himself, his feathers blending in to the blackened wood. His feathers
were looking rather disheveled, having lost several of them in the Dark
Lord's hand, but otherwise he looked as arrogant as ever.. Greyback
glanced at the Voldemort.

"Did that bird just talk?"

"Unfortunately."

"My Lord, should I…?" General Thruston began, his wand raised and ready
to silence or stun or kill the interloper, which honestly was all very
tempting to the Dark Lord at the moment, but he wasn't making any
progress with his 'negotiations' and Bobby used to be fairly good at
such things. He gestured for his men keep their wands lowered. Greyback
made the similar gesture to his own people, one of which lowered the
rifle he had been aiming.

"Who the hell are you and what do you want?" Greyback growled.

"I am Bobbitimus IV, and I represent an interested third party that
consists of everyone who *isn't* a raving psycho. Now, how can we get
back young Harry without him getting killed?"

Greyback thought about that for a moment. It was not Harry that he
needed per se, and killing the boy served no purpose, but he did need
the collateral to keep Voldemort off his back and the magic Harry had to
deal with any magical defenses he came across along the way. He thought
on it for a moment, glancing at the Dark Lord to see if he was willing
to listen to this 'interested third party'.

"Safe passage to Berlin is all I require. My people will take care of
the rest from there."

"If you go to Berlin in that boy's body, he will be killed," the raven
pointed out.

That was very true.

"I'll leave him somewhere safe before the fighting starts. I have plenty
of other willing followers that I may inhabit for the battle. I just
need to be left alone."

At this last part, he looked pointedly at the Dark Lord. That's all he
really needed, just to pursue their justice on their own terms and not
as cogs in the dictator's machinations. Voldemort shook his head.

"You'll never make it to Berlin. You're hardly being subtle. The Aurors
will find you and kill you before you get ten miles across the border.
If you had just waited a few weeks, we could have invaded from the
Polish side and done this properly."

"We will make it. We'll take the bloody train if we have to."

"Subtle," the Dark Lord muttered.

The raven cocked his head, considering.

"I can take you there. I can even make sure neither the Germans nor his
Lordship here can bother you while you travel."

Voldemort glared at him, but it was useless. Greyback was already
interested.

"I'm listening."

---

Harry wasn't sure how long he walked. No matter how long or how far, the
sky never lightened or darkened and he did not tire. Every so often he
would blink and wonder if he had been dreaming. Then he reminded himself
that he was probably still dreaming and started walking again.

However long it had been or how far, he wasn't where he had started. His
surroundings had ever so slowly begun to change. At first, it was the
trees. They started to become larger and more spread out. The change was
so subtle and gradual he hadn't been sure there was really any change at
all, until the ground started to change too. Before it had been
blanketed in thick white snow, but that snow had begun to melt away the
farther he went until blades of grass and pale purple crocuses had
started to pierce the icy barrier. Harry wondered if he went far enough
he would find the place in full spring. How long had he been traveling?

The sky was as silvery grey as ever, but it hung low now, obscuring the
tips of the tallest trees. By the time he reached the theoretical
spring, he might not be able to see it if the fog continued to descend.

He still had no idea why he was there or where he was going. It was hard
to concentrate in this place, hard to tell when he was daydreaming and
when he wasn't. It took him a long time to realize the sound of water
wasn't merely in his head.

It wasn't particularly loud, but in the endless silence it could not be
missed. Harry stopped and listened, then turned in the direction of the
sound. It didn't take long to find. It was a creek, wide and shallow
with round black and bronze colored stones lining the bottom. They
reminded him of his own keystone. Curious, he reached out to pull one of
the stones out.

"I wouldn't do that if I were you."

Harry nearly leaped straight into the creek. He just barely managed to
stop himself and fell clumsily onto the bank.

"I am sorry. I didn't mean to startle you. It's just better not to touch
those stones. Once you do you'll be stuck in the creek until you find a
willow to pass under. Funny rules this place has, but there you have
it."

Sitting about fifty feet away and partially obscured by a bush was a man
Harry had never seen before sitting on an overturned log. He was in his
fifties or very spry sixties, with thick brown hair on his head and
face, both neatly trimmed and streaked with grey, giving him a
distinguished look. He bore the robes and staff of a druid priest.

Harry closed his eyes tightly for a moment and then opened them. The
priest was still there. In fact, the priest was the most real thing he
had seen, and the dreamy cloud that hung over his thoughts seemed to
dissipate at the sight of him.

"I'm not a dream. Don't worry. Come sit with me," he said, gesturing to
a spot on the log.

Cautiously, Harry did so, taking a spot just out of reach. From there he
could see the man's eyes were green and wrinkled with laugh lines. He
seemed amused by his cautiousness.

"You need not be afraid. I would not hurt you, Harry."

"Who are you? How do you know me? Do you know why I'm here? Where is
here?"

"Hhmm… to answer your questions in order of their importance; you're
here because this is where Greyback thought he could hold you the
longest, and you're stuck here because the gods saw fit to punish you
for abusing the Du'on nadi. Which, by the way, was very *very* stupid."

Harry ducked his head in embarrassment. Yes, he was realizing that now
too.

"'Here' is a spirit realm. It has various names that would be
meaningless to you, but it is the place where a spirit resides when the
body is at the edge of death, when it might return to either the mortal
realm or deeper into the spirit realms at any moment. Typically. You're
a special case. You're here for timeout."

"So I'm not dead?"

"No. Just in trouble."

Well… that was something… different. Honestly, how did he get into these
messes?

"Wait a second, you mentioned Greyback. What does he have to do with any
of this?"

The priest's expression shifted from mild condescension to sympathy.

"Unfortunately, it is Greyback who is currently in possession of your
body. I dare say he's proven almost as troublesome as you. He is leading
a battalion of werewolves to Berlin as we speak."

"*What?!"*

"You know, I'm never going to finish answering your questions if you
keep throwing in new ones."

Harry was very close to snapping something, but when he glared at the
man he immediately felt like a fool. He had a million questions, and so
far this man had answered them, and he had to be some sort of jerk to
take his own frustrations out on him.

"You…I… never mind. Please continue."

"Thank you. My name is Carrigan by the way. Seamus Carrigan."

It was like getting hit with a Lighting Jinx and a Stunner at the same
time. He felt as if his heart was going to leap out of his chest and yet
he could neither think nor move, his head and body filled with a
electric buzzing. *This* was the Dark Lord's mentor? The only person,
according to Dumbledore at least, that Voldemort may have ever respected
and loved?

"I see my reputation precedes me," Carrigan chuckled.

Harry could only stare.

"I'm flattered and all, but I'm dead. It would never work out."

His ears burned in embarrassment and he ducked his head. Merlin, this
was ridiculous.

"As for how I know about you… honestly, it wasn't that difficult. You're
hardly inconspicuous," he said. There was something about the vagueness
of the response that bothered Harry, but he decided it honestly wasn't
that important.

"How did you find me? I've seen… nothing… since I've gotten here."

"Which isn't surprising given how *focused* you've obviously been. I
assure you, you are hardly alone here. If you truly want to get out,
you're going to have to be more alert to your surroundings."

"There's a way out of here? You mean, I don't have to wait to be
released?" he asked, although he was aware that Carrigan, if that was
who this truly was, had once again evaded his question.

"If you wait your body will likely be destroyed before you can reclaim
it. You'll be released once you've gone through an ordeal fitting to the
severity of your crime. Waiting is a trial in and of itself, but you
can't afford to stay here for much longer. Not if you want to stop
Greyback."

Harry nodded. He was still confused and had a thousand questions, but he
knew enough to know what was truly important. If he didn't stop the war
god the werewolves who he was responsible for would be massacred, and
that was something he didn't want to ever have to experience again.

"What do I have to do?"

Carrigan turned and pointed at the creek with his staff.

"Water and caves have always been the natural portals between realms.
This creek leads to a lake. That lake is your portal to the mortal
realm. Once you reach it you will submerge yourself and then emerge in
your own body, evicting Greyback in the process."

"He won't try to fight me?"

"He will, but not in the mortal realm. He can't win against you there.
He lacks the necessary skills to anchor himself. Instead, he'll try to
stop you here in this realm, where he has more power. He will place
obstacles in your path. The closer you get to the lake the more
dangerous it will become."

Harry grimaced. The idea of fighting Greyback, who was a *god* for
Merlin's sake, was terrifying. He took a deep breath and rallied his
courage. It wasn't as if this were the first time he had faced danger
head on. It should have been as routine as Wednesday at this point.

"Okay. I should get started then."

He stood and turned to Carrigan.

"Thank you," he said, sincerely, but knew it wasn't enough. He may never
have found his way out of there without the other's help. He had an
idea. "Would you like me to give Lord Voldemort a message from you?"

Carrigan serious expression broke into a smile. "Tell Tom… no, no don't
tell him anything. He won't believe you. Tell Bobby-"

"Bobby? As in Bobbitimus IV? You know *that* Bobby?"

The priest was all out grinning at this point. "I certainly ought to. He
was my familiar. After he died and became a raven, of course. Before
that, he was my brother."

"…There is a whole lot I want to say about that, but I'm afraid I don't
have that much time to spare. What did you want me to tell Bobby?"

"Tell him to take you to the Numanti Ring when you have the opportunity.
You'll find a stone that has no business being there. I have buried
something underneath it that I would like my dear Tom to have. Do this
for me, and I will consider any debt my assistance has earned to be paid
in full."

"The Numanti Ring… okay. I'll remember it. Anything you want me to tell
Bobby directly?"

"Tell him to get a girlfriend."

Harry couldn't help but grin, despite the circumstances. He and Bobby
really needed to have a little chat about what the raven had been
keeping from him. They hadn't parted on the best terms, but if he wanted
to keep his word to Carrigan (and he most certainly did) then he would
have to track him down eventually. This might be an interesting way to
open up a conversation.

"I'll do that. Are you going to come with me?" he asked, although he
already knew the answer.

"No, I am afraid not. This is as far as I can go."

There was something ironic in the other man's smile, but Harry didn't
have time to question it. He had already wasted enough time as it was.
He turned and started walking. If there had been enough time, he knew he
would have spent hours, days even… just talking to the man about a
thousand different things, but he didn't that time. Not today at least.
He turned back for one last question.

"Hey, do you think we'll ever see…"

Carrigan was already gone.

---

It was raining in Warsaw when Lestrange stepped out of the International
Floo Depot, after having spent almost two hours in customs and she
couldn't afford to wait it out if she wanted to check in with the
British Embassy before the office hours ended. Spells kept her from
getting drenched in the down pour, but did nothing to take the wet chill
out of the air or from soaking her boots.

Wizarding Warsaw was an odd little city, seeming to contain a bit of
architecture from every country except its own. Tidy little Dutch
tenements, Russian orthodox cathedrals, French style cafes, Italian
fountains, and British gardens rose up around her and fell away as she
made her way to the Embassy. All of it obsessively maintained in a
picturesque state, so that while the structures could have been anywhere
from a hundred to a thousand years old they looked as if they had been
built the year before.

And that probably wasn't far from the truth. The war against Grindlewald
and the German air raids during World War II had been hard on the city
and its people, and it expressed itself in their need to utterly erase
any reminder of those dark days.

Lestrange didn't care. She wasn't there to play tourist. Her primary
concern was that the recent events in Berlin and the Polish Minister of
Magic's fickle loyalty was going to complicate her own mission. At the
moment, entrance into Berlin was impossible, and communication was
spotty and unreliable. Even if she did request information, without
being able to reveal its purpose she doubted that anyone would bother to
help her. Her best hope was to somehow implement herself into one of the
Cultie troops for the second wave invasion of Berlin, and begin her
search for McGunny amongst the German Ministry records once things were
stabilized in the city again. It was risky, but she had run out of leads
in Britain and she needed to demonstrate that she had not been idle when
the Dark Lord called upon her to give a report of her progress.

Perhaps she might even be of some greater use in the invasion. It had
been a long time since her Death Eater days, but she remembered that
time clearly as some of the best in her life. She had never felt so
powerful or feared as when she had been running missions for the Dark
Lord. This could be a renewal of those incredible times. This cheered
her a little, but not much. As much opportunity as there was to be had,
she couldn't forget that she had been banished on a wild goose chase
because of that damn Potter boy.

She didn't think she would be truly happy until she found some way of
paying him back.

---

Madam Puddifoot' Tea Shop was not normally a place Snape would be caught
dead in, but he had few options available for a visit from Ira. He had
no intention of bringing her into the castle and inciting an endless
wave of shameless rumors, and since Madam Rosmerta in the Three
Broomsticks was as shameless as most of the students at the school that
option was out, as well. He wouldn't take a lady within a hundred feet
of the Hog's Head, so that left Puddifoot's. The Tea Shop was
ridiculously feminine, but at least the owner and her employees were
discreet.

"It's not *that* bad," Ira said, trying to hide her amusement and
failing miserably. She too, found the décor ridiculous, but unlike her
companion she could enjoy the absurd now and again. He glowered at her,
which only made her smile widen.

"Any word from Jacobi?" he asked, changing the subject.

"No, and I doubt I will hear from her until my next appointment. I think
she likes to give news in person when she can. How are things up at the
school?"

"The usual nightmare. The restrictions on the grounds have left everyone
a bit stir crazy, which is driving me crazy. I'm going to strangle one
of the little dunderheads before Christmas. I know it."

She rather naively thought he was joking and kept smiling. He nearly
corrected her presumption, but then thought she look rather pretty when
she smiled like that and decided to let it go.

"Which reminds me, how is Harry? Not getting into too much trouble, I
hope."

He sighed.

"No, he's been unleashed in France for the time being. I expect we'll
hear word of burning villages any day now."

"France? What's he doing in France?"

"I honestly have no idea. Some diplomatic mission. He'll be back soon.
Not that it will make a difference. He's going to fail his classes if he
keeps taking all these excursions, and coming back acting like a zombie.
He's going to need tutors-"

Snape flinched and dropped his tea, and the porcelain cup shattered on
the floor. He grit his teeth and reached for his arm that was now
throbbing painfully. Ira jumped from her seat.

"Severus?! What's wrong?"

He shook his head. "It's nothing. Just…a summons. I have to go."

He watched Ira's eyes widen as she realized what he was saying. They had
never spoken of it, but he knew she knew that he had been a Death Eater
during the war and wore the mark on his arm like all the others. He
would have been happy to never speak of it, but the unwelcome reminder
wasn't something either of them could ignore. One day, one day very
soon, he was going to have to explain exactly what that mark meant for
both his past and their possible future, but that day wasn't today.

He kissed her hand, which made her smile but did nothing to wipe the
strained worry from her eyes as he walked out of the tea shop, leaving a
few sickles on the counter as he went. He would worry about it later.
The horse he had taken into Hogsmeade was ready and waiting for him
outside, and he rode it full speed through the village and up the road
to the school. McGonagall was waiting for him at the portcullis, her
expression tight.

"It's Harry," she said one he had dismounted and left the horse to find
its own way back to its stable. Snape's first thought was, *no duh.*

"Are burning villages involved?" he asked sarcastically, startling the
older woman. Her eyes suddenly narrowed.

"Not to my knowledge. The Dark Lord is waiting for you in his office."

He shivered. This was the first time in nearly ten years since he had
been called by the dark wizard in such a manner, but he could recall
very vividly what the man had done to those who had arrived late. He
wondered what sort of idiotic mess Harry had gotten himself into that
would incite Voldemort to that extent, and how he was going to thank the
walking disaster once it was all sorted out.

The Dark Lord was in his office, but fortunately wasn't waiting for him.
He was talking animatedly with several Culties and Sentinels of rank,
Lucius among them. None of them looked happy, and it didn't take long
for Severus to figure out why.

"My lord, I'm not sure how we can do this," Lucius said, struggling to
remain calm. "We were told we had another week. Our people are still
scattered all over the country. They haven't been assigned official
commanders, and we haven't finalized our plans of attack so I couldn't
even debrief them even if they were. Not to mention we've only gathered
about half the supplies we need-"

"I don't want to hear excuses, General," the Dark Lord snarled, stalking
away from the man so that he could stand behind his desk. "I taught you
everything I knew about warfare, *including* how to organize a battle on
short notice. Do not tell me you've gone *senile* since then."

"No, my Lord," Lucius said tightly, and Snape suspected he was biting
the inside of his cheek. The potions master hoped his friend remembered
his lessons from the war quickly, particularly the one about swallowing
his pride in the face of the Dark Lord's verbal abuse.

"Good. Now get out. All of you. Finalize your plans. I will meet you in
Bristol in two hours to *help* you," he sneered and sat down in his
chair, gathering up parchment and a quill. Snape's eyes were immediately
drawn to the blood soaked bandages around the dark wizard's hand. Lucius
and his men saluted respectfully and left, completely ignored by the man
who was now focused on new task. The Malfoy patriarch gave him a
completely unnecessary warning with his eyes as he went, and Snape
nodded in acknowledgment. When they were gone, he was left alone with
the Dark Lord.

Patience was one of Snape's natural virtues (one of the very few he
actually possessed), so standing in the office without fidgeting or
trying to draw Voldemort's attention was not so difficult. Even after
twenty minutes of doing nothing but watching the other man write a
letter and giving no indication that he even realized Snape was there.

"Harry's leading a small army of werewolves to Berlin," the Dark Lord
said at last, not looking up from his paperwork. Snape knew he should be
surprised, and to some extent he was, but not enough that he couldn't
hide it.

"Ah," he said, "Is he under a spell or some other form of coercion?"

The Dark Lord finally looked up, and despite his obvious aggravation he
seemed pleased with Snape's question.

"He's being possessed by Greyback. It is how he is able to command them
even against Blackbone's instructions."

Snape wasn't entirely sure how Harry could have been possessed by the
dead alpha, and thought now was not the time to ask. He had set a good
precedent for this meeting by asking only what needed to be known, and
thought he might yet walk away in better favor with the dark lord than
when he had entered.

"What do you need me to do?" That was usually the safest question, even
if the answer wasn't always pleasant.

"Right now I cannot simply stop him. Greyback has threatened to kill
Harry if I try, and he has moved himself and his people beyond my
reach."

Snape had a hard time believing that was possible. Where could anyone go
and be safe from this man?

"I will have to intercept him in Berlin, but in doing so I must engage
the Germans in a battle I was holding off for another week. If I am
fortunate, I will be able to remove him from the battlefield before the
fighting starts, but if I am not, I will need to keep him safe until the
fighting is over. That is what I need you for. You will be his protector
and his keeper until I am able to deal with him myself."

Snape flinched at the very notion of going into a full out battle. He
had done his fair share of fighting since the war (not a little of it
because of Harry), but a full out battle between wizards and
*werewolves* was not something he ever wanted to be a part of. It wasn't
as if he had enjoyed that sort of fighting. It was all chaos and luck
and who was the most ruthless. He still had nightmares about it
sometimes.

His only consolation, and it was a very small one, was that the full
moon wasn't for another week and it seemed the battle would start well
before then. Fighting both German Aurors *and* fully transformed
werewolves was the stuff of nightmares.

"As you wish," he said, because there was no backing out of it. "I do
not know that I am the best choice, however. I am not as young as I used
to be."

The Dark Lord smirked and turned back to his papers.

"That is exactly why I need you. Someone with your experience will not
panic and over react to every little thing that happens. Besides,
potions are more effective at subduing werewolves than spells. I suggest
packing a broad selection. You have an hour."

Knowing he had been dismissed, he bowed respectfully and walked out of
the office. Once outside he set a tapestry on fire for the hell of it,
and stalked down into the dungeons. He had an hour to pack his things,
find a substitute for his classes *and* his headmaster duties, write to
Ira to explain why he couldn't make it to her appointment this Saturday
(and perhaps that he wouldn't be coming back at all), all because the
Dark Lord had a soft spot for the kid who was possibly going to kill him
in the future.

That thought stopped him dead in his tracks. Harry might one day kill
the Dark Lord, if he was the truly the boy from the prophecy… It was
something he had managed to push out of his head for the last few weeks
as he concentrated on Ira, but now it couldn't be ignored any longer. He
had to decide now where his loyalties lay before he risked his life for
all the wrong reasons.

"Dammit," he hissed under his breath and continued further into the
dungeons. Once inside his rooms he went straight for his private lab,
and opened the refrigerated cupboard, pulling of the age testing potion
and setting it on the counter. From another drawer he pulled out a tiny
little vial labeled 'HP/Blood Nov. 6, 1999'. He added a drop of blood to
the potion, shook it once, and set it aside.

Forcing himself away from the potion, he went to his bedroom to pack
what he would need. It wasn't much. Mobility was key on the battlefield,
and most of what he needed would be worn on his persons. His old battle
robes were a little tighter around the middle than he remembered, but
otherwise fit like a glove. They were not the same as the ones he wore
to dueling club classes or competition, half the spells he had on this
gear would have his exiled from the sport for life if he did. The duffle
bag he carried across his back was weightless and served as an extra
layer of protection. Inside he could fit those bare necessities he would
need. Potions for injuries, non-perishable food for energy, a spare set
of clothing in case his own was ruined irreparably, and a book for those
unbearably long hours of boredom before and after the fighting.

By the time he was done packing, he knew the age testing potion would
have his results, but he chose to write his letter to Ira first
otherwise he might not be able to do it. He kept it brief and vague,
stating only that Harry had run into some trouble and he was going to
pick him up before things got serious, and he would hopefully be back
within a few days. He couldn't bring himself to get any more detailed
than that. He didn't want to worry her, not when she was already so
nervous about the test results.

He checked the clock and cursed. He had ten minutes to inform McGonagall
that she was in charge until he got back and to send his letter. There
was no putting off checking the potion any longer.

On the counter, he could see the potion had already turned a dark purple
and as he approached little golden number could be seen floating inside
it. He picked up the vile and held it close to face to read.

07311982

He closed his eyes. His suspicions had been confirmed.

He opened his eyes and shoved the vial in the drawer, slamming it shut.
What now? He couldn't delude himself into believing it was all a fluke.
Neville Longbottom had been murdered for nothing, and the true assassin
was perhaps the Dark Lord's favorite. He didn't believe in God, not in
the traditional sense, but he hated Him at the moment. Hated the twisted
little world He had created and the intolerable cruelty of the fates it
wove. He hated Harry and the Dark Lord both for dragging him into it.

The only question now was who did he hate more? Voldemort with his
blatant cruelty and undeniable greatness or Harry with his selfish
nobility and endless potential? Either of them could destroy the world
and rebuild it anew.

But only the Dark Lord was a guaranteed winner.

…*Or else the dark lord shall reign for a thousand years…*

That had been part of the prophecy as spoken by the ever questionable
Sybille Trelawny, a hack fortune teller from a long line of true seers.
He knew. He had been there when she had related it to Dumbledore, and
likewise related it to the Dark Lord. But there had been no future
foretold if the Dark Lord were defeated. There were no promises of a
steady rule or even that the 'hero' would survive long after. Fate
apparently didn't think it was important to mention.

But Snape needed to know. He needed to know what would happen if he
sided with Harry and the boy eventually defeated the Dark Lord. Would he
rise to take the dark wizard's place? Or would he leave wizarding
Britain without a leader, vulnerable to her enemies and civil war? Harry
was not immortal like Voldemort. Even if he did take the role of leader,
how long could he survive in a government founded by the man he had
destroyed? He would have to tear it all to pieces and build it anew, and
that was civil war all over again. Lucius would be the greatest threat,
and behind him Draco and Narcissa would always stand, with Hermione
caught in the middle.

The only sure thing was Voldemort, and though he felt squeamish and
uneasy about the Dark Lord ruling for a thousand years, he couldn't
imagine the chaos and fighting that would follow his absence would be
any better. The fight now… he could see an end to it. Not soon, but
eventually. Fighting for fighting sake was not the Dark Lord's
intention. He had a vision, a glorious vision that sometimes left even
Snape in awe.

Harry just wanted to save everyone.

As horrible a person that it made him, Snape knew that wasn't enough.

He checked the clock again. Three minutes. He was out of time. He went
to the secret cupboard, the one hidden behind a secret wall, where he
kept his collection of poisons. There was no need to think which one he
should take. Merciful Sleep was obvious. It was his own special brew;
tasteless, colorless and like its name suggested a painless and quiet
death in a bottle. It could be applied orally or topically, slipped into
food or drink or bathwater with the same affect. There was no way to
test for it. No one but him even knew of its existence.

He had never used it on a person before. He had never imagined that
Harry would be the first to test it.

Shoving the inconspicuous blue bottle into his duffle bag, he hurried
out the door before he could think on it any further. He knew what he
needed to do now. There was no point analyzing it endlessly, clouding
the waters with uncertainty that he did not yet possess. If he were
lucky the boy would be dead before he ever reached him.

Che. Like he hadn't thought *that* before.

McGonagall was still waiting for him at the portcullis, convenient since
he didn't have the time to track her down or write her a letter. She
looked just as tense as she had when he first arrived, and he supposed
she knew no more now than she did then. He spared a quick glance around
them, but the Dark Lord was not there and the Sentinels had to be
elsewhere guarding their flock of students.

"What's happening?" she asked, immediately.

"I have to go get Harry in…" he wanted to say France, but McGonagall
wasn't Ira. He was less worried about frightening her than losing her
trust when she found out he had lied to her. Despite the Dark Lord's
favor, he didn't have many allies within in Hogwarts, and she would have
been his most important one in any case. "…Berlin. I don't know how long
I will be gone. I will need you to look after the school in my absence.
The wards already recognize you as Deputy Headmistress so there
shouldn't be any problems."

She took a deep breath.

"Berlin? How did he get… is he alright?"

Snape shook his head. "I don't know. I can't tell you much. Please don't
mention this to anyone else. Not the other teachers and most certainly
not my goddaughter."

She nodded, worry lines dominating her expression.

"Don't worry. I'll hold things down here. You just concentrate on
getting Harry out of there," she said. He felt uncomfortable as her
voice hitched a little as she spoke, and her expression continued to
tighten with repressed emotion. "It's really bad this time, isn't it?
Worse than the first time they took him?"

Technically, no one had taken Harry. Not in the traditional sense, but
he nodded anyway.

"You'll find him, won't you?" she asked. He nodded. He didn't doubt for
a moment that he would find him. In what state was another matter
altogether. "You promise?"

He hesitated. It wasn't a promise to find him that she asking for. She
wanted him to protect Harry as well.

"I can't," he said. "You know I can't promise that in complete honesty."

She closed her eyes, her expression laced with pain. "Please…for Lily's
sake if no one else's."

She couldn't have hurt him more with those few words than if she had
stabbed him in the heart. Lily, long dead and gone and never his to
begin with. He had managed to not think about her as more than one of a
thousand regrets for a long time now, a moment of nostalgia in his
better moments. Now he was going off to kill her son, and he might as
well be killing her all over again. He jerked away from McGonagall,
hating her in that moment as much as Harry and Voldemort for smashing
his certainty without even trying.

"Do not make a liar out of me, Minerva. I have enough sins to my name as
it is," he said coldly.

*What was a few more?*

He was spared her reply, her possible begging, by the arrival of the
Dark Lord who swept between them from out of nowhere. He spared neither
of them a glance, but headed straight for the horses that waiting for
him at the end of the portcullis. Hurrying to catch up to him, Snape
didn't look back. He didn't want to see the hurt in his colleague's face
at his callous refusal.

He didn't want to see her disappointment in him.

He hated himself enough at the moment.

---

"You better not be playing with me," Fenrir warned, glaring up at the
raven as it circled low, but not low enough to snatch out of the air as
he wanted to do. Around them the air was warm and clear, and the land
stretched out in an endless green sea of rolling hills. Everyone had
stripped down to their underclothes, it was too warm otherwise, and a
few had even taken off their shoes and were carrying them in makeshift
bundles on their backs. There was no road to follow, but the ground was
soft and made their traveling easier. Their numbers were fewer now that
he had left most of the women and the weak behind, and without the trees
steep hills in their way they traveled in a neat little line behind
Fenrir. Most of them seemed to be enjoying themselves.

He wasn't so naïve to think this might not all be a trap.

"I could say the same thing," Bobby said, the edge of warning in his
voice. "You might be a god, and a nasty one at that, but don't think I
couldn't dump you in hell if you double crossed me."

Fenrir smirked. So the little feather duster had a spine? Good. It would
give him something to chew on later.

"How much further?" he demanded. The raven circled once more, letting
him hear his irritated sigh. The bad part about traveling in such open
country was he had few places where he could safely perch while in
Greyback's company.

"At this pace? Three days. Like I said the last time you asked. And the
time before that. And before that."

The war god glowered up at the raven, contemplating shooting him out of
the sky with his wand but decided against it. He had no idea how to get
through the faery realms. He doubted anything here could truly hurt him,
but he had two hundred other people to look after and a bloody revenge
to exact. The unpleasant fact was that his run in with arrogant bird was
a turn of good fortune. He now had the means to safely travel to his
destination without worrying about either Voldemort or the Germans
finding him before he reached it, and the distance they now needed to
travel was a small fraction of what they would have had to go before.
Jane's promise was starting to come true. It didn't mean he had to be
grateful for it though.

"If you double cross me-"

"I'm ignoring you now," Bobby said pointedly and flew off ahead of them.

Fenrir grunted in annoyance, and counted the ways one could eat a raven.

---

Viktor could hear before he could see, and before he could hear he could
feel. He felt the too tight pull of ropes on his chest and on his
wrists, the weight of his head and the ache in his neck from holding it,
and the freezing chill of his still damp clothing. From this alone he
knew he was alive and had been captured by the enemy.

When hearing came he learned who that enemy was and what they wanted.

"You know him?" That was the vampire that had been called Katarina, the
one who had killed his comrades. His hands twitched involuntarily at the
sound of her voice.

"I do… you could say we were school acquaintances." This voice was
familiar too, but for the life of him Viktor couldn't understand what it
was doing here. He had last seen Horace McGunny the day he had warned
him of Voldemort's orders to arrest them during the TriWizard
Tournament, and had not thought of him since. Now he was back, playing a
dangerous game with dangerous people for reasons he could not even begin
to guess at.

"What will you do with him?" the vampiress asked, and moved to stand
behind him. He could hear the rustle of fabric as she moved, and he
suspected she had changed out of her tunnel wear and into a dress.

"That all depends how useful he proves to be. These maps, for instance,
are quite valuable."

"I could have told you anything you found on that map."

"Except what I needed to know. These mark the location of the ward hub.
I was wrong assuming it was in the Department of Justice. It's *under*
the Department of Education, as our dear tunnel rat apparently figured
out. We were fortunate to have found him when we did. An hour later and
the entire system would have been destroyed, and we would have been
trapped in the middle of the fighting again."

Viktor's confusion mounted. McGunny wanted to find the ward hub but not
destroy it? Why would the vampires bother helping him do that?

A hand touched his shoulder and he couldn't stop from flinching.

"So you're awake," Katarina purred in his ear, and he shifted away from
her, pushing up his shoulders instinctively to protect his exposed neck.
She chuckled cruelly and moved away. Cautiously, he opened his eyes.

He was in a bedroom, a suite, with lavish furnishing that swung towards
the feminine. Two large windows were sealed shut with heavy shutters,
leaving a series of candles and strategically placed mirrors to light
the room. There was a fire burning in the fireplace, and McGunny was
watching him with a cold expression he had never seen on the boy before.
Katarina stood by the bedroom door dressed in a dark green chiffon
evening dress and eyed him hungrily.

"Hello again, Krum," McGunny greeted, smiling at him humorlessly. "I see
you've continued to make a nuisance of yourself after graduating. They
must be missing you on the Quidditch Pitch by now."

Viktor just glared at him. Seeing the young man wasn't interested in
playing his game, Horace got down to business quickly.

"These are very interesting," he said, gesturing to the maps in his
hand, the same ones Viktor had brought down into the tunnels. "Where did
you get them?"

"The library," he replied, because he saw no reason not to. It was
hardly going to incriminate anyone now.

"Huh. I suppose I should have thought of that."

"Why are you doing this McGunny? What are you even doing here? If-"

"*Stupify*."

Viktor immediately fell limp and senseless in his chair. Katarina
frowned, disappointed.

"You're not going to question him more?" she asked.

"Later. He's not really important right now. I'll interrogate him
properly once we're safely in Frankfurt."

She didn't believe him. Something in the boy's eyes as he studied Viktor
told her he had something in mind, and it wasn't interrogation. A wave
of irritation and jealously washed over her. It wasn't fair. *She* had
seen him first. *She*had been the one to catch him. What possible use
could Horace have for him?

Whatever it was, he didn't say and merely turned back towards the maps
he was holding, ignoring her completely until she left.

---

There were rumors circulating in the school. Well, there were always
rumors circulating in the school, but for once some of it was of
interest to Ron. Nancy Salibi said she received a letter from her
brother, who was a private in the Brass Cult saying that they were
moving to invade Germany within the week. Ron wondered if Private Salibi
was going to be taken into the woods somewhere and executed for sharing
national secrets with a thirteen year old girl within that same week.

There was also a rumor that Professor Snape had been drafted to fight by
the Dark Lord himself, which seemed a bit silly to Ron but he couldn't
account for his Head of House's abrupt departure the day before and none
of the teachers were talking. McGonagall had taken over in his place,
and the Slytherin in him cringed at seeing a Gryffindor as the school
overlord, even if she was a scary woman in her own right.

Potter still hadn't returned from France, and aside from a few odd
suggestions that he might be involved in the fighting (which even the
most gullible of them had a hard time swallowing) there wasn't much talk
of him. Ron intended to take full advantage of his absence to continue
practicing his charm on Hermione. She might act all frustrated and
irritated with him in public, but he knew she secretly liked his
company. If it weren't for the bloody Chastity spell he was quite
certain they would have had more than a few snogging sessions in the
broom closet by now. There had to a way around it. He bet Bill would
know.

He was contemplating writing his elder brother a letter about it when
Natalie intruded on his corner of the Slytherin common room. She stopped
in front of him and sneered and he smiled back nastily.

"Your mum's here."

His smile vanished, replaced by confusion.

"What do you mean my 'mum's here'? In the castle?"

"No, the 'here' that means she's in Istanbul," she said sarcastically.
"Yes, in the castle, you dolt. She's in McGonagall's office now. You
must be in some sort of trouble. The old crone sent me to get you."

He frowned. He couldn't think of anything he had done that would earn a
special trip to the school from his mother, especially since she wasn't
his legal guardian anymore despite their keeping in touch. An sense of
unease settled in his gut, and he stood and walked out of the common
room, ignoring Natalie and her 'you're *welcome!*'

He had been to McGonagall's office only twice, both times for
detentions, which did nothing to endear the place to him. The fact that
it was close to Gryffindor Tower and the area was usually teaming with
the little jerks didn't help either. He tried to distract himself about
the upcoming meeting, which couldn't be anything good, by imagining that
he hexed every Gryffindor (and the odd Hufflepuff) he happened to come
across. The exception being the few people he recognized from the
Hogwart's Herald. He felt it was professional courtesy not to imagine
turning your photographer into a gopher, and had nothing to do with
liking or god forbid, *respecting* them.

"Ron?"

He turned around to see Ginny coming up behind him, a confused look on
her face.

"You got called too?" she asked.

"…I guess so. Mum tell you what this was all about?"

She shook her head. "I didn't even know she was coming. Do you think
something's wrong?"

*Yes.*

"Dunno. Guess we'll find out."

They walked together to McGonagall's office. Inside, they found Fred,
George, and Percy had already arrived and were studying Molly Weasley
with worried expressions. Their mother was sickly pale, her eyes
red-rimmed. In one hand she clutched a handkerchief and in the other a
folded piece of parchment with a broken official Court seal.

McGonagall sat behind her desk, her expression soft with sympathy and
making Ron more nervous than he otherwise would have been. She wasn't
known for her sentimentality. He jumped when Ginny closed the door
behind them, and to cover his own nervous reaction he broke the silence
first.

"Mum? What going on?"

She looked up at him, and he wished he hadn't said anything. He wished
she wouldn't answer, and force on them what had left her a weeping mess.
But wishing was futile. Wishing was for little children who still had
mommies and daddies taking care of them to make them come true.

"It's your father…"

\~ Author's note\~

In the fifth HP movie, the Death Eaters transform themselves into smoky
missiles and terrorized muggles and wizards alike. I thought this was a
very cool concept, so I'm incorporating it here even though it wasn't
described in canon. My theory is it some sort of self-transfiguration
