# Vengeance

The lake was near. Harry could hear the soft, eerie call of loons and
the croak of frogs, and the sound of flowing water had slowly died. He
could hear it, but he couldn't *see* it. The fog had swallowed his world
in a damp white blanket, and he was forced to stumble through the
thickening muck with his hands held out before him as if blind.

It did nothing to deter the shadow stalkers. Indeed, they only became
more bold, flitting in closer and closer and then retreating shorter and
shorter distances, until he felt wet fur brush against his outstretched
hands. It was nerve-wracking, and though he managed to keep himself
moving, he couldn't stop himself from shaking and flinching.

How close to the lake would they let him get before they attacked? Would
they attack at all? Could they? He had no idea how vulnerable he was in
this place or whether anything in it could truly hurt him. He hoped not.
His wand and his sword were back with his body, and he had nothing to
protect himself with.

A shadow stalker brushed against his hands again, and this time he could
briefly feel a cold, wet nose. Another rushed in from behind, knocking
into him and making him stumble. His arms came up to protect him against
the fall, and the mud swallowed them until his nose was nearly touching
the muck. Another attacker ran over him, a single claw foot striking him
in the back as it went. He pushed himself back up and flung out his
fist, felt it brush against more fur and the shadows retreated yet
again.

He climbed to his feet and winced. His back hurt where he had been
stepped on. Apparently, they could hurt him. Trembling, he simply stood
there trying to decide what he should do. He had found that if he didn't
move they didn't touch him, and as urgently as he needed to leave he
needed a break for the sake of his own sanity.

Under the sounds of water fowl and amphibians he could now just barely
make out the rhythmic hush of water lapping against stones. He couldn't
have been more than a hundred feet away, probably less than half of
that, and yet the closer he got the more impossible it seemed. The mud
was up to his knees now, and though he didn't tire he could barely move
either, and… the*things* Greyback had sent were getting as desperate to
stop him as he was to keep going.

He stood there and thought for a long moment, but no clever plans
presented themselves. He took a deep breath, and surged forward again,
stomping over the thickening mud as quickly as he could. The attack that
followed was no surprise, except perhaps in its intensity.

A mouth filled with pointed teeth clamped onto his outstretched arm,
pulling down and forward, back into the mud. He screamed in pain and
fright, and struggled to rip his arm free but the teeth only sunk deeper
until he was almost certain the bones would break. A second attacker
leaped onto his back, pushing him forward so that his stomach and chest
sunk into the mud, clawed feet digging into his back before another set
of teeth clamped onto his shoulder. There was not enough air available
for him scream, with only one arm to support himself and the massive
weight on his back he barely able to keep his head up high enough to
gasp for air or risk suffocating.

"Aahh!!" he gasped, "Sto-ahhhh!!" Teeth grazed his collarbone,
threatening to snap it. Harry felt lightheaded from the pain, but
struggled to keep his senses. They were close enough now that he could
see them. They were indeed wolfish creatures as he had suspected, but
were not in the shape of true wolves or even werewolves. Their legs were
extremely long and thin, more deer-like than canine, their claws almost
talon like in their size and curve, and their fur had a nacreous sheen
like the inside of a claim shell. Their head and body were completely
wolf-life but for the eyes, black, empty, and unblinking.

They were horrible.

They were going to kill him.

*What do I do? What do I do?* he thought desperately, trying to think,
between the desperate gasps for air and the excruciating pain. *I don't
have my sword! I don't have my wand! I don't have anything!*

There was an audible *snap*and agony bloomed in his captive arm, pulling
out another scream even as collarbone started to crack under the
pressure of merciless teeth. *I don't want to die!* *I'm sorry,
I'm*sorry!*I should never have taken the Du'on nadi! It was stupid and
selfish, I know! I*know!*But please don't kill me! Don't let anyone else
die for my mistake! Please, please, someone help me!*

The shadowstalker on his back released his shoulder, and for a blessed
moment Harry thought it was over, that someone had answered his prayer,
that he was free. Then the teeth returned, this time clamping firmly
over the back of his neck.

Harry screamed.

---

The Aurors were more prepared for the second attack and on the
offensive, driving heavily into the ranks of their enemies. Several of
them now carried crossbows as well, laden with silver quarrels.
Voldemort and Greyback's forces had lost their element of surprise, but
they were far from outclassed. The werewolves, despite their bestial
minds, were excellent group hunters, fast and clever. Those few Aurors
who had experience dealing with them, had only ever dealt with them one
at a time or from the safety of a broom, and had never seen their true
potential unleashed while in a pack. They were fast and quiet when it
suited them, infinitely strong and terrifying when it didn't. All of
this, combined with Greyback's strict control and intelligence, made
them a terrifying force to reckon with.

Voldemort's Culties were by no means on the same level as Aurors, but
their rigid discipline and numbers supplemented their more skilled
commanders, the Sentinels, Lestrange, Snape, and the Dark Lord himself.
While the more powerful let loose their own mental repository of dark
spells, the Culties supplied the protection and the distraction to allow
them the time and space to do their worst.

"*Frango vitrum*!" Snape snarled, catching an Auror on the leg as he
dove for cover. The leg instantly exploded into thousands of glassy
shards, and the Auror screamed briefly, before a pair of werewolves
caught up with him and silenced him forever.

"Hhmm… I've never seen that spell before," Greyback said off-handedly,
before turning back to his werewolves and summoning them back towards
the main group with a whistle. One werewolf limped slowly over to its
god, causing Snape to cringe a few steps back from him, but only long
enough for Greyback to pull out the silver quarrel that had hits its
back leg. It yelped in pain as Greyback pulled it free, but lumbered
along quickly enough on three legs. Around them, Culties tossed up
shields and counterspells as Aurors hurled curses down the tunnels from
somewhere up ahead in the darkness, illuminating the brick walls in a
flashing rainbow of colors.

Voldemort, whose patience was starting to wear thin, glowered at
Greyback. In one hand he held his wand, in the other the raven, confined
to a small wire mesh cage. The raven had not moved the entire time, and
anyone who thought to notice it assumed it had been stunned. Bobby
certainly hadn't been spelled, as far as the Dark Lord knew, and was
likely shocked more than anything. Despite all his traveling, the raven
had been uniquely sheltered against the true horrors of the battlefield.
Voldemort didn't spend much time thinking about it, or what he was going
to do with the raven once this was all over, as he still needed to get
Harry out of this mess first.

"The second attack should be occurring any moment now," Voldemort said
to Greyback. "The Aurors will be forced to abandon the fight here to
defend what remains of their city, and when that happens, you *will*
leave that body."

Greyback glanced back at him, and smirked.

"Of course. No point sticking around if there's no one else left to
kill."

Voldemort contemplating the possibility of killing Greyback in his god
form, but ultimately decided it wasn't worth it[^108-1]. He would find some
other way of punishing him later. Maybe he'd eat Luna instead.

The sound of a train coming drew him from his thoughts of revenge to
further down the tunnel. The underground was loud with shouting and
screaming and small explosions, but nothing could dampen the
ear-splitting screech of trains. Whatever traffic that was supposed to
have come down the main tunnel must have been rerouted once it had
collapsed, and only now that the fighting was moving into other sectors
were the trains truly becoming a risk. The train was far enough away
that finding a spot to keep out of its way wouldn't be a problem, but
confining their movement in the already confining tunnels was dangerous.
The only consolation was that the Aurors were likewise confined.

"Cross to the other side of the tunnel. They won't dare fire on us while
the train is passing," he commanded, and everyone moved to obey except
the werewolves who were moving about the shadows in any which way they
pleased, dodging quarrels and spells, exhausting their enemies' supplies
and energy as they prepared their next big rush.

Greyback crossed the tunnel with the others, not so arrogant as to stand
as the sole target of a hundred angry Aurors, but stopped when a howl
pierced the air. It was not a howl of pain or a battle cry, but
something else, something that brought an unholy light to his mismatched
eyes. Bright white light appeared around the turn of the tunnel and a
deafening blow from a horn filled the cavern. The spells stopped flying,
just as Voldemort predicted, no one daring to risk derailing the train
in such closed quarters. Greyback glanced briefly at Voldemort, then in
the direction of the howling, now drowned out by the approaching train.
The Dark Lord himself was distracted, calculating distance and time and
his next offensive move, but Snape's responsibility was Harry and he
hadn't forgotten it, not even in the middle of their fire fight.

"He's escaping!" Snape snarled, dashing after Greyback when he changed
his direction towards the other side of the tunnel. Lestrange spun
around, and cast a stunner at Greyback, but either it didn't hit or had
no effect because he didn't stop. Snape managed to get across the
tracks, along with one of his underlings, but before either the Dark
Lord or any of the other soldiers could follow. The train was already
upon them, and they were forced to cower back against the walls,
covering their ears and their heads as the sound rattled their brains
inside their skulls.

After what seemed like minutes, though it could only have been a
fraction of one, the train finally passed them and they brought up their
wands to prepare for the next assault. It proved pointless. The Aurors
were gone.

And so were Greyback and the werewolves.

---

Oblitz was furious. They had two days notice, *two days!* That should
have been plenty of time to prepare for the second invasion, but they
were getting humiliated out there! They had lost nearly seventy men
already, while the enemies' casualties was less than half that! It was
ridiculous, that should have to leave the command central to bail them
out.

He had not been in the underground fighting, instead sending out the
soldiers and taking intelligence on the battle as injured Aurors
apparated back to base, and he knew it had gone very badly. To be fair
to the fighters, there were several factors Oblitz hadn't prepared them
for. One being that Voldemort himself would be there, a veritable army
all his own but never a more valuable target, and the other was Potter
and the werewolves… which honestly, he still wasn't sure he believed. He
shuddered to think how it might be true, and if Britain didn't have
*two* Dark Lords running around.

Then the second attack had started on the edge of their base, Culties on
brooms sticks swept in for a surprise attack. There were not many, but
with they were vicious and well armed. Oblitz killed two, before
apparating to the tunnels to call the Auror's back. He knew the little
*Blitzkrieg*was only the first strike to soften them up for the heavier
fire power, and he needed his other soldiers there ready to face it.

They set up anti-apparation wards before they retreated, and hoped they
would keep Voldemort and his people trapped in the underground long
enough for him to defeat the enemy topside, before they joined the fray
or made their own escape. The only problem with that of course, was they
had to get out of range of the wards themselves before apparating to the
battle grounds. Oblitz wasn't familiar with the muggle tunnel system,
but one of the Aurors knew a few places where it intersected with the
wizarding underground.

They were running there now with only the Lighting spells to see by, and
casting the walls in shining wetness and deep shadows. They moved as
fast as they could carrying the wounded on their backs, hoping the
passing train would buy them enough time to disappear. Oblitz wasn't
counting on it, and as usual his pessimism proved correct.

They were half way to their destination when the first man screamed. He
turned around just in time to see one of his Auror's dragged away into a
side tunnel, where the screaming persisted for a few more seconds before
ending in a choking, wet gurgle. Oblitz sent out a fire curse to
incinerate the attackers, but the stream of molten fire merely
illuminated the figures of nearly two dozen werewolves and one lone man
before the flash of a sword caught the curse and shattered it into
harmless little sparks and then darkness.

Laughter rumbled through the artificial cavern, echoing off the walls so
what was only one sounded like dozens. Around him, Oblitz could smell
the stink of fear wafting of the Aurors like a wave. It was no Dark
Lord, but what they had glimpsed ever so briefly in the darkness was
even worse. They were men and women who had been prepared to fight and
die violently in the line of duty, but against dark wizards and witches.
There was something innately more horrible, something primordially
terrifying about the sort of death that was stalking them now.

"Oblitz," the laughing voice called, and for a moment the commander
wasn't certain he had heard right. "Cameron Oblitz. I know you're there.
We *all* know you're there. We've come a long way to find you."

Suddenly, the Aurors' fear was his own. They were here for him? There
was no point questioning the *why* of the matter, he wasn't so deluded
as not to understand their desire for vengeance, but the *how* was
something he couldn't begin to guess at. No one had known. He had made
absolutely sure of that.

He mentally shook himself. He couldn't afford to loose it down here.
This was a war, there were more important things than his own sins
coming back to haunt him. He shouted out orders to his people.

"Kuster! You're in charge now. Take everyone topside and meet up with
Gersten if he's still alive."

"Sir!" she protested, her wand drawn and ready to fight to the death. He
was glad of it, but if she was going to find death it wasn't going to be
fighting for an old soldier like him. Berlin needed her strength, needed
all of their strengths, and he had no intention of them losing their
lives down here.

"Go! That's my final order."

"S-"

"Go, damn you, or I'll curse you myself!" he snarled, grabbing her by
her cloak and all but throwing her down the tunnel. She stumbled, but
straightened, gave him one last look of regret and ordered them forward.
Oblitz didn't watch them go. He didn't dare turn away from the enemy, he
could no longer see.

When at last the echoing footstep faded behind him, he stood in absolute
silence, the floating orbs of light the only source of illumination. It
was so utterly quiet that, if it weren't for the overwhelming feeling of
malevolence directed at him, Oblitz might have been able to convince
himself he was alone.

Then another wand lit, and the figure he had seen briefly stood some
twenty feet away, and behind him the two dozen werewolves had multiplied
to nearly a hundred, sitting obediently behind their master in tidy
little rows, a bestial army of monsters.

Harry Potter stood smiling darkly at him; in one hand his wand, in the
other a sword, and a black cloak hanging round his shoulders. There
wasn't a trace of fear in his hooded eyes, no trace of sanity either,
and if Oblitz had any doubts about a second Dark Lord they were gone
now.

And then suddenly, the sword vanished.

---

Teeth closed around his neck, just as his fingers closed around steel.
Harry didn't think, didn't have time or a clear enough head to think, to
realize what exactly had appeared in his hand, but swung his free arm
backward, clubbing rather than stabbing. The blade hit the shadowstalker
awkwardly, the edge tilted so it slivered shallowly against the flesh
rather than slicing deeply.

It was enough to startle the monster, though, and it released its prey
and skittered out of range, its fellow hunter releasing the captive arm
to disappear into the mists. Harry swung wildly at their retreating
forms, even as his wounds screamed in agony to be stretched. He shouted
and screamed into the nothingness, terror and hatred and anger bubbling
out in mad frenzy. Trembling, he climbed to his feet, ignoring the pain
and surged forward into the mist.

Sanity was slipping away from him, replaced instead by a primitive
instinct to *escape*. He needed to get out of this place, not to save
anyone or out of necessity, but for the simple need to survive.
Predators surrounded him and there was shelter in sight, and even with
the sword in his hand he felt no safer in this cursed place. The mud
wouldn't let him run, would barely let him move at all, pulling his
downward like a predator all its own. He struggled on, eyes wide and
still seeing nothing but endless white, his chest heaving and stretching
his torn skin and cracked bone.

The faintest of sounds, perhaps nothing more than an echo of his own
frantically beating heart or the wet slurping of mud as he moved, blew
timidly into his ear and sent him swinging around like a madman. The
blade sliced through nothing but air and he swung back to his exposed
side. He hit nothing. There probably had been nothing to hit. His cloak
dragged in the muck, twisting up in his arms, and forcing him to
struggle with it. Frustrated and terrified, he tore the cloak from his
neck and tossed it aside, frantic to free himself like a rabbit in a
snare. The next steps had him pulling free of his boots, leaving them
stuck in the sucking mud. All the while, he searched blindly and swung
pointlessly into the colorless abyss.

His paranoia slowed him, but eventually he found himself at the waters
edge, cattails and pond grass shooting up around him, thick enough that
he could finally walk without sinking into the earth. The water was icy
cold, his first experience with temperature since he had entered this
strange place, but he didn't care. He had to go, get away, to the center
of the lake, deep enough to submerge himself.

He managed to get far enough in that the water reached mid thigh, and he
was just beginning to hope he had moved beyond his attacker's reach when
snapping and splashes from behind had him spinning around to meet the
second attack. He caught the shadow stalker as it leaped for him,
spearing it through the neck. It was dead before it fell, but the
momentum kept it on its trajectory, smashing Harry in the chest and
throwing him back into the frigid water. He struggled to right himself,
but the weight of the dead held him down, pushing him deeper. One arm
broken and other trapped between the body and his own, he floundered
pathetically, struggling to raise his head the mere half foot to the
water's surface.

He was feeling light-headed and convinced he was going to drown when his
kicking leg was seized savagely in another pair of jaws and was
carelessly dragged from beneath the shadow stalker's body and out of the
water. His strength waning, he lost his grip on his sword, leaving it
lodged its victim as he was pulled back to the muddy bank. Gasping for
air and then screaming it out again, he kicked uselessly at the beast
with his bare foot. It didn't even slow, dragging him further from the
lake and into the mists to Merlin knew where. He dug his one good and
heel into the mud, but there was nothing to hold onto and it slid easily
beneath him.

More out of lack of options than any true plan on his part, he scooped
up a wad of mud and hurled it. There was startled yelp, and his foot was
released. He scrambled back towards the lake, hobbling and crawling,
although all he wanted to do was lie down and sleep. Maybe if he didn't
move it wouldn't attack?

Not something he thought he could bring himself to do, not when every
instinct was screaming at him to *run*. He was back amidst the reeds,
finding the dead shadow stalker and searching for his blade. It was
harder than it should have been to pull it free, his strength all but
gone, so that he had to put his whole crippled body into it. He fell
backwards into the water, just managing to keep his head above the
water. He didn't bother to stand, he didn't know if he had enough
strength left to do so. Instead, he stayed floating on his back, kicking
weakly.

The sword rested across his chest, feeling like a lead weight trying to
drag him down, but he dared not let it go. He swam what felt like hours.
The icy waters numbed the pain in his limbs, but robbed him of his
strength. With every passing moment, he felt his legs loosing the
struggle to move and his body sink lower and lower. He could no longer
hear the loons and frogs, only the muted pounding of his heart as the
water slipped over his ears. The adrenaline rush of his escape faded,
and with it came the certainty that he was going to die here anyway.

A soft splashing drew his attention, and as weak as he was, he could do
little else but stare into the mist as the splashing drew closer. As
close to death as he was, he felt a resurgence of horror as the head of
the shadow stalker glided through the water towards him, its mouth
opened and panting, its teeth bared in a monstrous grin.

"No," he cried, his voice barely more than a whisper. "Not you. I won't
be killed by you."

Decision made, he stopped kicking. His legs sank, just barely avoiding
the teeth that attempted to snag one. After his legs, the rest of him
quickly followed. An exhalation of breath and his head finally slipped
beneath the surface. He kept his eyes open though, watching the black
silhouette of the monster against the dark blue tint of the sky as he
slipped deeper into the water. The creature dived for him he noted
vaguely, but it was a slow and clumsy swimmer, meant for hunting on the
muddy marshlands and shallow pools, and the sword in his hand was an
anchor, quickly pulling him down into the cold darkness of the lake.

---

"You know, I gave the sight in my left eye to know your name," the boy
purred in two dissonant voices. He had acknowledged the sword's
disappearance with an irritated glare at his hand, then turned his
attention back to his enemy. Oblitz suspected a trick, but he couldn't
think of exactly how such a thing would work. The werewolves had
remained seated as their master approached him, a small consolation to
him as their master was frightening enough all his own. Oblitz had met
Harold Potter before, and honestly he hadn't thought too much of him at
the time. The boy's escape and rising political career had been curious,
but not entirely sinister. He knew now he should have paid closer
attention. "I sold it to a crone. Can't imagine what she intends to do
with it, but I suppose in the end we both got what we wanted."

"I'm flattered you think me worth such effort," Oblitz sneered, all the
while scanning his surroundings for the battle that was to come.
"Although, I can't imagine what *I* in particular have done to earn such
enmity."

Potter tilted his head a bit, his expression unwavering.

"You killed my wife and children."

Oblitz blinked at him. Had Potter just made some sort of joke? As punch
lines went, that was pretty bad. Greyback chuckled darkly, acknowledging
the look of confusion that flittered across the German wizard's face.

"Don't let this body fool you. Potter's gone off on a little vacation
and I'm keeping house for him while he's away," he clarified. "The last
time we saw each other in my true flesh I believe you had just
disemboweled me."

Oblitz started. Greyback attacked, rushing for him. The wizard leaped
back barely avoiding the knife blade that had appeared as suddenly as
the sword had vanished. He stumbled and Greyback pressed his attack, but
was knocked back by a boot to the chest. Rolling back, he landed in a
crouch, ready for another strike.

But Oblitz was already fleeing down the tunnel, dousing his wand as he
went. Greyback sneered in disgust. To have been killed by such a
cowardly opponent was more than insulting. No matter, he would be
unburdening himself on the little bastard soon enough. He ran after him,
the army of werewolves rising up to follow and assist if necessary. He
didn't light his wand, preferring to bespell his glasses rather than
risk exposing himself to the wizard. The werewolves that followed needed
no such consideration and could see easily as they pursued their query.

The man didn't go far, only far enough to put a little more space
between them and grant him the space and time he needed to cast his
spells.

"*Castrostinatum*!" he snarled, all previous hesitation gone. The spell
glowed darkest red as it hurtled toward Greyback, who cast a simple
*protego* and strengthened it with his own power. The magic smashed into
each other, hissed like water thrown in boiling grease and dissolved
each other.

"*Expelliarmus!"*Greyback countered, not expecting anything to come of
it, but using the time Oblitz spent blocking it to further close the
distance between them. He had no intention of ending this with magic.
When he killed the wizard it was going to be with bare hands and bare
teeth.

The elder wizard didn't bother blocking, instead casting
*castrostinatum* again, letting it smash through the Disarming Charm and
continue on to its target. Greyback didn't have time to block it, and
dodged to the side instead. The curse missed him, but hit a werewolves
not quick enough to get out of the way, and there was a hideous wail of
pain. It only lasted a second or two before it stopped and the tunnel
was filled with the reek of burnt fur and sulphuric acid.

Greyback growled. "I would have thought you had better aim. You seemed
quite adept at hitting even the littlest child from atop your broom."

Oblitz turned and ran, trying for more distance again, but Harry's body,
for all its weakness, was built for speed. He caught up with his prey
quickly, slashing at his back with his blade. It tore the fabric of the
cloak, and the wizard spun around and smashed his first into the side of
his attacker's face. Greyback stumbled, lost his glasses, and righted
himself. He swung his knife again, but the wizard caught it and tried to
wrest it from his grip. Greyback smashed his forehead into his opponents
nose before he could succeed and grinned when he felt it break.

Yes, yes! This was the sort of fighting Greyback could really get into.
Blood and bone, wits and wills, clashing in a heady mix of exhilaration,
rage, and pain! Oblitz had stumbled, and the war god grabbed him by his
thin, graying hair so he might smash his knee into his face and see what
else he might be able to break. The wizard twisted in his grip, losing
some hair and some flesh, but broke away long enough to shout out
another curse at him.

"*Exsanguis!*"

They were too close for Greyback to move completely out of the way, and
it caught him on the side as he tried to twist away. He kept twisting
until he had spun around completely, bringing up his knife to sink into
the wizard's unprotected back. The man cried out in agony and surprise,
and with a sense of satisfied sadism, Greyback twisted the blade and
then stepped away. Oblitz collapsed to his knees, alive but momentarily
crippled by pain. The war god took the moment to assess his own
injuries. There was no pain from the curse he had received or the
resulting injury, but he had heard a disconcerting *pop*, and touching
side revealed it was now gushing blood.

"*Sanguis restrictus,"* he growled. The bleeding instantly stopped, but
the countercurse was ironically more painful than the curse itself. He
grunted, ignoring the pain as turned back to his prey to finish it.
Continuing the fight any longer on this plane was likely to destroy this
body, and that wasn't what he came for. He could continue his fun in the
comfort of his own home. "I think we better wrap things up, don't you
agree?"

Oblitz glared up at him hatefully, clutching stubbornly to the wand he
likely couldn't even lift to use. Greyback let out a sharp whistle, and
one of the werewolves that had been waiting patiently from the shadows
loped obediently to his side. The war god patted the beast
affectionately, like a well-loved hunting dog and turned back to the
wizard, who was eying them both with growing apprehension.

"I bet you think I'm going to kill you now," he said idly. "And
admittedly, the idea *is* tempting, but you know, since I've become
immortal I've come to appreciate lasting pleasure…and make no mistake I
am taking great pleasure in killing you. If I were to kill you now…
well, that would be it. You'd suffer for a while, then your body would
just give out. You'd go to heaven or hell or whatever, and I would be
left here rather unsatisfied. So I came up with this brilliant idea. I
think even Voldemort will be quite impressed with it."

Greyback paused, giving the wizard enough time to ask what exactly his
oh-so-brilliant plan was, but Oblitz wasn't going to play and remained
stubbornly silent. Finally, the god continued without prompting.

"I'm going to turn you into a werewolf."

Oblitz still said nothing, but now it was from horror rather than
stubbornness. Greyback was pleased, and went on.

"I'm going to have Amsel here bite you. And then, no matter what happens
or how you die, your spirit will belong to the moon and to me. Once you
slough his mortal meat bag you call a body, I'll drag you into my lair
and tear you apart every day and night from here until eternity. Doesn't
that sound like fun?"

He laughed at the wizards expression and at his own gruesome
imagination, laying down plans for punishment he would reap against his
family's murderer. The laughter boiled out, laced with pain from his
wounded side, but uncontrollable. It was over. It was so *close* to
being over!

Caught up in his own twisted glee he didn't notice the wizard starting
to chant voicelessly, mouth moving rapidly for one last spell. Oblitz
had lived his life on his own terms, an ambitious and proud man seeking
always to better himself by working to better his nation. He had fought
against Grindelwald, against dark creatures, against apathy and
incompetence. He would have liked to stayed to fight one last war, to
see his country and his people rise above the tyranny of yet another
dark wizard, but it seemed he would have to be satisfied with what he
had managed to accomplish so far and hope that he had tipped events far
enough into Germany's favor to make a difference.

He had lived by his own terms, and if he were honest with himself he had
always known he would meet a violent end, so dying on his own terms was
possible even now. If he had to die, taking a dark wizard and a hundred
werewolves with him seemed a good way to do so.

He was just finishing the last of the complicated incantation, when the
insane laughter suddenly broke off into a choking gurgle. The dark
wizard before him pitched over onto all fours, vomiting up water.
Oblitz's first thought was that Potter had been hit with a drowning
curse and someone had come to save him.

The second thought was that it was already too late.

His magic was already welling up inside, sliding out from his very core
and expanding inside of his body in an ever increasing pressure. It
burned, turning his blood into acid, his breath into fire, and flesh
only so much dry kindling. Worse still was the emptiness that was left
in the magic's place, a crushing emptiness, a hunger that knew no
bounds. It was excruciating, physically and spiritually, and now it all
seemed pointless as Potter floundered for air before him. The previously
missing sword miraculously reappeared again, now glowing brighter than
the strongest *lumos.*.

The power swelled and with it the pain, and Oblitz thought for certain
this would be it and in an instant it would all be over, but still it
keep coming filling him like a balloon that should have burst long
before. It was all so excruciatingly mind-numbing, he missed everything
that happened after that.

The werewolves, waiting patiently with their bloodthirsty glares, burst
out into long, tormented howls and shifted back into their naked human
forms, released from the unnatural transformation and collapsed onto the
cold, dirty floor and each other. Potter himself had finally stopped
choking, and was now gasping desperately for air on his hands and knees.
Disoriented and blind, the young wizard flinched away from the rising
magical power more out of instinct than anything else. He moved his
wobbly legs beneath him and backed away, raising his sword to fend off
the newest threat.

It was the likely the only thing that saved his life.

---

Snape kept his distance. He wasn't a coward, but he wasn't fool either
and he had no intention of wading through veritable ocean of werewolves
in an attempt to wrestle Potter… Greyback?… whoever into submission.
Greyback was no friend of his, and while he might have refrained from
letting his minions tear Voldemort's people to pieces, Snape doubted he
would extend the effort to him alone.

He followed just far enough to follow the werewolves by sound, and kept
well out of sight of them. They could probably smell him, but none had
turned to investigate and as long as he didn't pose a visible threat
they didn't seem interested. One of his Sentinels, the fool who had
initially challenged his authority, was following close beside him,
visibly shaken by the battle that had just happened and the one that
might yet happen. Snape's only order to him was to be absolutely quiet
and to watch for danger, and so far the man hadn't deviated from that
task.

When their quarry finally stopped and engaged the enemy, Snape hung back
and considered his options. There really wasn't much he could do. There
were at least a hundred werewolves between him and Potter… Greyback…ugh…
and his initial attempt to apparate ahead of them had failed, likely do
to anti-apparation wards. With only one other wizard, any chances of
fighting through would be impossible…well, maybe not impossible, but
dangerous and with little chance of success.

Something had to be done though, and soon.

Greyback had recklessly engaged Oblitz, a master duelist, in a fight in
Potter's body. This might be the situation in which Snape was relieved
the necessity of killing the boy, but to do nothing while the Dark
Lord's protégé engaged in a life and death battle was enough to have
*him* killed or worse, sent to Azkaban.

Harry had to die. That was a hard and, though he would never admit even
under the threat of torture, tragic truth. One of hundreds he had seen
play out before him over the years. Snape, however, *didn't* have to die
(or worse), and that meant setting up the situation where it appeared he
had done everything conceivable to protect the boy and yet failed. At
least then, he would only be tortured briefly while the Dark Lord
excised his rage, and then limp away with only a few extra scars and
another lead bar of guilt weighing down his soul.

For that, everything had to be set up *just so…*

Then everything just fell apart. Greyback started to choke on something,
the potion master's first thought being blood, and then the werewolves
who had been ominously quiet until then, sudden burst out into pained
howls and writhed on the floor. Within seconds, canine limbs began to
shift into human ones, grotesquely misshapen in their transition.

"This is it! Let's grab Potter and get out of here!" the Sentinel
hissed, and jumped out from their hiding spot. Snape let out a furious
hissed and reached to pull the fool back, but an explosion of
uncontrolled magic burst through the tunnel. His arm caught some of it,
and flared with heat and pain as he stumbled further back behind the
cover of the stone tunnel. The Sentinel, completely exposed, received
the brunt of it. The potions master watched horrified as the other man
stiffened, glowed blue for a scant few seconds, before his clothing and
skin burned away like paper, leaving only the blackened tissue beneath
it. He turned away, unwilling to watch the rest of it, fearing the man
might somehow still be alive and aware of what was happening.

Instead, he looked at his own arm. His robes and dueling armor had been
burned away, but he had managed to pull his arm back quickly enough that
only the top of his hand and lower arm appeared to have second degree
burns. There would be more scars he noted clinically, but the nerves at
the tip of his fingers and palms were intact. Dueling and potions were
not yet lost to him. Merlin, that had been close. If it had been just
half a second later, I would be… like Sentinel what's-his-name. His
heart was pounding in his chest, deafening him. He closed his eyes
tightly, reciting instructions for the healing balm he would need for
his magically burnt skin, willing himself to be calm. *14oz of aloe
vera, 3.6 oz of boomslang skin, underbelly would be best, half a drop of
dragon's blood, 1.4 oz of silt from west bank of the Thames, at least
thirty miles north of London…*

The rising panic began to fade, enough for him to control his shaking
hands. Enough for him to grip his wand firmly. The magical energy,
although powerful and violent, faded quickly and he cautiously moved
from his hiding spot. The sentinel was dead, a black smoldering heap on
the ground, and he didn't waste time on him. He moved further into the
tunnel until he came upon the werewolves. Many were dead, killed in the
blast, but a surprisingly large number were still alive, weeping and
wailing from pain and fear. They had all been low to the ground when the
blast hit, partially protected by each other's bodies, so that now in
their frail human forms some still managed to live with partial burns
that Snape himself suffered from. He didn't linger long enough for a
deeper assessment, but stepped around and over them to center of the
attack.

*Harry is dead*, he told himself. *There was no way he could have
survived ground zero of such an attack.*

His hand clenched around his wand. Harry was dead, and it was over now.
The Sentinel was dead and the werewolves were incoherent. He would state
that he had tried to intercede in the fighting, but there would have
been no stopping the explosion. He had the injury on his arm, to prove
he had tried to save the boy.

*Harry is dead.*

*… 13 pieces of marsilea…no, it will be out of season. Subsititute ½
dandelion leaves and three drops of vinegar… white silk for the burial
shroud and silver pieces from Ireland for the eyes… a pint of plum wine,
heat slowly so the alcohol does evaporate too quickly…they will build
the pyre on the tallest hill across from Hogwarts, the weather mages
will make sure the sky is clear and windless so that everyone will see
the smoke for miles… add the boomslang skin all at once, then sprinkle
silt in slowly, stir clockwise twice then counterclockwise twice, let
sit for 23 minutes… Hermione would lay the white rose on his heart,
Voldemort the Lotus crown, Snape would hide the Scarlet Pimpernel
beneath his crossed hands and hope the boy somehow found a way to bring
it to Lily…*

"Uuhh…uugh..nnn…he..hel..nngh…" a voice begged somewhere, and by all
accounts Snape should have dismissed it as one of the dozens of
werewolves doing the exact same thing and continued his search through
the charred bodies at the front of the pack for some clue that would
distinguish Harry from the rest. But something about the voice, maybe it
was the childish tenor or maybe it was the direction it came from, made
him pause and turn behind him.

At first, there didn't seem to be anyone there. Part of the roof had
come down due to the explosion, and a broken pipe was pouring a steady
waterfall over a pile of rubble almost as tall as he was. Could someone
be alive under there? Impossible.

"He..ahh..help!....*HELP!"*

There was no mistaking the voice now, not even with it so distorted with
pain. He moved closer to the pile of broken bricks and mud, scanning it
for some sort of opening from where Harry might be trapped inside, but
it was solid. No one could be underneath and calling for help. He was a
fool, hallucinating, the magical backlash was poisoning him-

"Agh...p-please…"

No, it wasn't from *inside* the pile. It was *behind*it. Quickly, and
rather gracelessly, he scrambled and stumbled over and around the loose
brick, scraping his hands and bruising his knees as he went. He was half
way over when he came across another body half buried in the debris. A
blackened skeleton leered up at him, loose bits of meat and hair
clinging stubbornly to its skull. He very nearly buried his hand in its
open mouth before he realized it was there, and reared back in disgust.
He froze and stared at it for a long moment. That couldn't be…?

"Is-is some…s-someone… ah..ahh…help."

He turned around, and there was Harry, laying half buried in mud, his
clothes almost burned away completely. Snape felt his heart leap into
his throat when he saw almost the entire body was black.

"*Lumos!*"

The tunnel bloomed into light, and he squeezed his eyes shut as he
willed away the Night Vision spell. When he opened his eyes again,
expecting to see this horror in full color, he was infinitely relieved
to see Harry's body wasn't as blackened with burns as he had first
though. Most of it was blood. Blood and mud and whatever filth he was
currently buried in.

He moved in quickly, then to lean over him and stared into a *pair* of
brilliant green eyes. Eyes that were wide with terror and agony,
unshielded by his glasses.

"Pro-professor?"

Snape blinked. Harry wasn't dead. How the bloody hell was he *not* dead?
Looking for some sort of clue, he spotted a sword handle gripped tightly
in the boy's hand. The blade had shatter in the explosion, and what
little remained of it was pitch black. *The Sword of Gryffindor,*he
realized. *It must have absorbed most of the magical explosion. It
destroyed itself trying to protect its master.*

He turned back Harry's face. "Yes. It's me."

"I-I d-died again," he stammered, his breath hitching. "I d-drowned. Did
you s-save me, again?"

*Drowned? What is he talking about? He must be delusional from the
pain.*

"Where are you hurt, Potter?" Because, clearly something wasn't right.
The sword obviously hadn't stopped everything, and there was no telling
what sort of injuries the boy had sustained before the explosion.

"E-everywhere…" he managed, and then gasped, "But my side…m-my
s-side…hurts…most."

Snape wiped away some mud from the boy's naked side, and cringed when
the hidden wound there spurt several ounces of blood all over his hand.
Mentally cursing, he muttered a spell to help seal the wound and then
tore his bag from his shoulders. He tore open a side pocket and pulled
out a thick roll of cloth, and unrolled it to reveal nearly twenty
potion vials secured safely inside. His hand immediately reached for the
pear-shaped vial with the Blood Replenishing potion, only to pause.

Right beside the life-saving vial was another, innocuous little tube
with a clear, colorless liquid inside with another purpose altogether.
Snape stared at it, frozen.

*What am I doing? Didn't I come here to end his life? To solidify a
prophetic future for Britain and myself? He is dying already, by his own
stupidity no doubt. How long will you continue this foolish game? How
long will you continue to save him? Until his recklessness or his
destiny destroys you both?*

His hands were starting to shake again. No, no, he couldn't hesitate
now. He didn't have much time. Voldemort couldn't be that far behind
him. He reached for the clear vial.

*Add 6 pints and 4 oz water, bring to a quick boil, do not stir…You have
to stop shaking or you'll poison yourself first… for ten minutes and
thirty-six seconds, then clockwise eight and a half rotations. Add
shredded dandelions and wait for potion to turn pink…*

He turned back to Harry, and froze again. It was a sudden and terrible
realization that the boy looked far more like his mother than he had
originally thought. The trademark Potter rats' nest for hair, was now
smoothed back from the boy's face with wet mud, exposing a hairline
identical to Lily's and a beauty mark in the upper right of his forehead
just where she had had one. The eyes… they had always been Lily's eyes,
but never had they been so wide and so vulnerable. She had never looked
at him the way Harry was now, but he had nightmares about it during the
war when any day he expected to hear new of her being hunted down and
murdered by Voldemort's Death Eaters… or tasked with the job himself.

"I…I'm glad you're here," Harry gasped out, the pain obviously getting
worse with every passing moment.

"Shut up, Potter," he snapped, unscrewing the vial.

*Lily's dead and gone, and you're a fool and louse to cling to her
memory. You have a fiancé; sort of, a woman alive and probably in love
with you, promising you more than Lily was ever willing to give. Her son
is going to destroy you, just like she nearly did. Are you going to help
things along? Stupid, masochistic fool!*

*…siphon excess fluid through cheese cloth, place remaining solid in
cool glass mixing bowl. Add dragon's blood, folding gently until paste
is a soft pastel orange, leave to set at room temperature overnight…*

The vial hovered over Harry's open mouth. The boy's eyes were no longer
wide, but starting to drift close. He was starting to fade, slowly and
painfully. Still, somehow, he managed to focus on Snape.

"I don't want to die…"

Green eyes drifted shut.

*No, no, no! You forgot the vinegar! It'll be too acidic and ruin the
aloe extract! It's useless! All that planning and preparing and waiting
was for absolutely*nothing!

He threw the vial into the rubbish heap, heard it shatter, and knew its
contents were diluting in the water and would soon become inert as they
mixed with the chemicals in the brick. His hands were already plucking
potions from his cloth. He moved behind the boy, propping his head onto
his lap to keep it angled, pouring Blood Replenishing potion into is
open mouth, and massaging his throat so that he would swallow rather
than choke. Then concentrated stinging nettle extract to flush foreign
magical energy, Berphilium's healing drought for internal hemorrhaging,
Timmelson's Infection Fighting Drought (because there was no way Harry
wasn't catching *something* in this damnable sewer), and glucose
dissolved in water (not a potion, and technically not magical in any
way, but an excellent source of quick energy in a pinch nonetheless).

Harry's eyes still didn't open, but his color was slightly better. His
breathing still sounded atrocious, and Snape remembered hearing him
choking on something before the explosion. He had nothing for it. If he
were bleeding into his lungs, the anti-hemorrhaging potion would stop it
for a while, but could do nothing to expel what was already there…

*He said he had drowned...maybe he hadn't been delusional when he said
that after all.*

Removing his cloak, he wrapped it around Harry, and pulled him up until
the boy's back was pressed to his chest. He was uncomfortably heavy, but
even still Snape could feel each rib beneath his fingers as he was
re-positioning him. Shoving aside the questions that brought up, he
concentrated instead on conserving his body heat and monitoring his
heart rate and breathing while he waited for help to arrive. It couldn't
be much longer.

*But plenty of time to do the deed you set out for yourself. You fool,
you've damned yourselves and who knows how many others. One day,
Voldemort will figure it out and know that you betrayed him or Harry
will make his move against the Dark Lord, and it wil bel chaos or civil
war or both and all your damn fault! All for some stupid, mudblood who
never gave a damn about you anyway!*

Except of course, as he sat there in the filth, cradling the fifteen
year old who had brought more stress and danger into his life than the
Maurauders and the first war combined, he knew it hadn't really been
about Lily. For the last five years, it hadn't *ever* really been about
Lily. For all the resemblances and reminders Harry may have brought
about his mother, Snape could honestly say that his interactions with
the troublesome Gryffindor had been almost exclusively between them and
not him and ghosts of school days past. Their relationship, whatever it
was, was exclusively their own.

He had saved Harry because… because… *I am a god damned masochist
addicted to stress and misery.* [^108-2]

"Idiot. You're going to owe me after this," he muttered to the
unconscious form. "Don't you dare die on me now."

---

Voldemort sent half his troops to locate and dismantle the
anti-apparation wards in the tunnels, while he and the rest went in
search of Harry and the werewolves. They were not hard to find. They
just had to follow the echoing screams. In his cage, Bobby finally
started to stir, but said nothing as he shifted uneasily in his tiny
prison.

Stumbling upon the naked mass of men and women writhing on the ground,
while not the first time Voldemort had encountered such a thing, was
rather worrisome. The Culties certainly didn't know what to do about it,
aside from the medi-witches and wizards who immediately went to work
sorting the injured from the dead. The Dark Lord let them dally. Harry
wasn't amongst them, but he couldn't have been far. The most obvious
place to look was underneath the debris that half blocked the tunnel. He
stopped and starred at it for a long time, unsure if what he should even
admit to the possibility that Harry might somehow, inconceivably, be
dead.

"My Lord?" Bella said, drawing him from his distraction. He turned to
her, and she flinched, but continued. "Should I have the men search the
rubble or...?"

"May as well. We aren't going anywhere until the others take down the
wards. Is Snape amongst the d-"

"Here!"

Voldemort spun around towards the debris and the sound of the shout.
Several Culties immediately began scaling the brick to see the other
side. One turned back and shouted.

"He's got Potter!"

The Dark Lord grinned in triumph. Why did he ever doubt Harry's ability
to survive even the most-

"Medic! We need a medic over here!" the same cultie was suddenly
shouting, and quickly scrambling to the other side. Three medics
abandoned their position with the werewolves and rushed over the pile.
Voldemort followed after them, arrived quick enough to see a flash of
naked skin before the medics and Culties swarmed around and hid him from
view. He didn't dare get any closer and distract them from their task
until he knew it was safe to do so. He could see nothing, but they
narrated well enough.

"Shit, he's practically hypothermic. Someone get me some Pepper-up!" a
medi-witch shouted. Snape was quick to countermand the order.

"No. I had to give him anti-hemorrhaging potion. It'll become toxic if
they're mixed together. Heat some blankets and wrap him in them."

"Harry? Harry? Can you hear me? Squeeze my fingers if you can… nothing."

"He's filthy! Who knows what's getting into his wounds. Start cleaning
him off so I we can see what we're doing! *Lavo corpus!*"

"What other potions have you given him?"

The Dark Lord listened with growing concern as Snape rambled off a
rather daunting list.

"Where's his wand?" one of the Culties asked.

"Check what's left of his right sleeve, otherwise it's gone."

Nothing else was said for a few seconds excepted warming and diagnostic
spells, until the same Cultie spoke again.

"Ha! Found it! Lucky devil."

"Do shut up. What do you got?"

"Water in the lungs for one, but that's better than blood. He's
definitely going to get pneumonia, no matter what we do at this point.
Six fractured ribs. He's going to need a hospital soon just to keep
breathing properly. How about you?"

"Minor fractures along both the upper and lower vertebra. No more sudden
movements. I don't want something to chip of that close to his spinal
chord. Some internal hemorrhaging, but I can't tell how bad because of
the potion."

"He was bleeding extensively from the side," Snape clarified. "He would
have bled out before I got to him if it weren't for the mud."

"The burns are pretty bad below his knees. Thank Merlin for quality
boots or he wouldn't even have legs right now. We can still probably
save them."

"How's his temperature?"

"Just below normal range, and dropping!"

"Alright, everyone we've done what we can here. Cover him up and get him
secured! *Tutus corpus leviosa!*"

Voldemort watched mutely, as they finally moved away far enough for him
to see Harry clearly. They had wrapped him in a thick, white blanket
strapped securely around him with black buckles, hiding the worst of the
damage. As if in mockery to everything he had just overheard, the boy's
face was smooth and untouched, though far too pale. Under some sort of
levitation charm, he hovered, stiff as a board. It all reminded the Dark
Lord uncomfortably of funeral pyres. He watched numbly as his people
carefully hovered his wounded protégé over the debris to the others.

"Um…my L-lord?"

Slowly, he turned his head to the young Cultie who had been among the
melee. He was holding out a wand him, and it took Voldemort a moment to
recognize it as Harry's. Suddenly furious, he snatched it out of the
fool's hand. It was slightly blackened, but nothing a gentle sanding
wouldn't undo. It would still needed to be checked for structural
integrity. It wouldn't do to hand a seemingly undamaged wand back to its
master only to have it explode in his face the first time he tried a
spell. If his protégé ever touched the wand again.

*What have they done to you, Harry?*

He turned away from the startled soldier, and returned to the other side
of the debris. Harry had been moved safely out of the way, under the
diligent care of Snape and a medi-witch, while the others began working
on the werewolves again. He felt another irrational wave of anger at
them for neglecting their prince, but forced himself to squash it. They
had done what they could for him here. He needed a hospital; equipment,
surgeons, an apothecary… He needed out of these damned tunnels.

As if fate had heard his thoughts, a Cultie came running up the tunnel,
shouting not to curse him as he rounded a corner. The wizard blinked
stupidly at the scene before him, before shaking his head, and running
up to the Dark Lord and saluting.

"My Lord, the wards have been destroyed. Captains Worthington and Gaona
await your commands."

Voldemort started at him for a moment, processing what had been said,
looked to Harry on the verge of death, and came knew exactly what he was
going to do.

"I want twenty men to start transferring the wounded out of here.
Apparate them to our infirmary in Warsaw. Professor Snape will transfer
Harry is to the *Pitié-Salpêtrière Hospital du Sorcellerie[^108-3]* in Paris
under an alias as soon as he is stable enough, and have her Majesty
Queen Ophelia informed of the circumstances."

"Yes, sir…er… what are the circumstances precisely?"

The Dark Lord narrowed his eyes at him. "That is for Professor Snape to
decide. He has experience in such matters. As for everyone else… I
haven't quite satiated my thirst for blood this day. We're going
topside. Inform the others I will be there shortly. That is all."

The Cultie saluted and hurried off as quickly as he had arrived.
Lestrange, who had been lingering close since they had arrived, stepped
forward to say something but he walked passed her without listening and
made his way over to Harry and Snape. The potions master looked over to
him briefly as he approached, and then quickly back to his ward. His
fingers were pressed to the boy's throat, measuring his pulse, while his
eyes focuses on the unsteady rise and fall his chest. The medi-witch was
busy filling out a medical form, cataloging his injuries and treatment
thus far for the next set of medical wizards, and he ignored her.

"How is he?"

"I am fairly certain he will live," Snape said, evenly, without looking
at him. It was just as well. Voldemort wasn't looking at him either. He
had reached out and gentle touched Harry's cheek. It was too cold, too
still.

It made him inexplicably angrier.

Pushing aside a wet lock of hair from his ear, he leaned in to whisper.

"I give you my word, Harry, they are going to pay dearly for this."

If he heard him, the Gryffindor gave no indication, not even an eyelash
fluttered. Snape, however, stiffened noticeably. Voldemort glanced up at
him darkly before straightening.

"What happened exactly?"

"I am not entirely sure, honestly. He… Greyback found and cornered
Oblitz of all people, said something about… sacrificing his eye to find
him. And then… he dueled him, if that's what you want to call it. I
didn't see most of it. I was trying to find a way to cut him off while
my man followed from behind. I managed to get ahead of him, but then
there was the explosion. I received minor injuries trying to reach him,
but I was already too late."

He made a gesture with his arm, revealing the burns without removing his
fingers from Harry's pulse. Somewhere behind them, Lestrange snorted.
Voldemort nearly turned around and snapped her neck.

"It must have been a… what do you call it? A *exhalation furibundus de
magi ex corpus*[^108-4]."

Snape frowned, but didn't look up. "My Lord… I was not aware of that
being anything other than an urban myth."

"No myth… just a well maintained secret. Now isn't the time to discuss
it," he said, then gave the man his instructions.

Snape, through all of this, did not look at him, and if it were under
any other circumstances, Voldemort would have been extremely suspicious
of his evasive behavior. Under these circumstances, however, all he
cared about was the man's nod of acknowledgment. With one last glance at
his protégé, he turned to order his soldiers into formation and quickly
stalked away to meet up with the rest of his battalion.

---

Tom moved quickly passed a small squadron of soldiers, not even
bothering to hide. They glanced at his familiar Cultie uniform and then
didn't bother again. He smiled grimly, amused at the effectiveness of
simply transfiguring his clothes and wondered how long it would take
anyone to notice the ruse. He had no intention of testing it now, and
continued back towards the hotel.

Chaos had broken out on the other side of the barrier, and whatever the
wards were meant to keep out, it wasn't chaos. Voldemort had launched
his second attack on Berlin, determined to retake the entirety of the
city and secure his position there. Civilians still alive within the
barrier were panicking, running from their hovels in search of more
secure places to hide while still others rallied their courage to resist
the second onslaught. There had been several attacks on soldiers caught
unawares and vulnerable outposts. Few still had wands and made do with
antique weaponry and Molotov cocktails, setting dorms and eateries
ablaze and cutting down anyone who ran out in a panic. Or at least
trying to. The Culties were soldiers, and once alerted to resistance,
they handled matters with their usual brutal efficiency, before moving
on to more important things, primarily the fighting going on *outside*
their self-made prison. They were organizing to join the fight, ready to
bring barrier down on a moment's notice.

Chaos, it seemed, had created yet another opportunity.

When the barrier came down, either during the battle or afterwards, he
would slip away and think of another plan. The vampires had proven more
useless than he had thought, lacking discipline or any true conviction.
For all their age and power, they were nothing more than children who
wanted to play at being monsters.

He would have to deal with them before he left, wiping away the evidence
of his attempted subterfuge. He could not risk Katarina going to the
Dark Lord and demanding the terms of a contract that didn't exist or
allow her to speak of what had truly sparked the fires of war.

Besides, Viktor was there, and he needed a new body. McGunny, despite
having retreated to the depths of his mind to cower in horror and fear,
had worn out his usefulness. He had gotten safely out of Britain, but
now Britain had followed him and he couldn't risk being found. Snape
would have informed the Dark Lord of his existence, as much as he knew
anyway, and there was no telling if his older counterpart and fit things
together yet.

Viktor… Viktor was a target in and of himself, but he was a target with
allies and those allies were well established and powerful. Or they at
least had the potential to be. He hadn't had time to delve deep in the
young wizard's mind, but hadn't needed to. Dumbledore and his
*resistance* (ha!) were at the forefront of his thoughts, moving to
gather information and power now that the Dark Lord had shown his hand
and the fear of his spreading tyranny would galvanize others into
action.

He would infiltrate them, and use the information he gathered to make
his move against the Dark Lord and the Dark Lord's enemies all at once.
And fucking kill that self-righteous old goat, Dumbledore in the
meantime.

Slipping into the secret side entrance, he entered the hotel and headed
for Viktor's room. He needed to be quick. There was no telling when or
for how long the barrier would be down. He needed to block the entrance
to the underground tunnels, kill Viktor's soul (he wasn't making the
same mistake of cohabiting again), take over his body, and set the hotel
ablaze. With no tunnels to escape to, the vampires and McGunny would be
dealt with by fire and sun.

He made it as far as the hotel lobby, when he sensed something wrong.
There was music coming from the parlor, an old viola wailing out some
Wagnerian Opera. No one should have been up, and certainly no one would
have left it on. He paused. He couldn't ignore it. If someone was still
up, they might warn Katarina. It was best if he dealt with them now and
then went about his plan.

Strolling leisurely to the door, he maintained a cool and collected air,
ensuring no one would guess at his murderous plot. He knocked politely
at the parlor door, then slid it open… and froze.

The entire clan had crowded into the parlor, sitting in the chairs and
sofas, or standing nearby. They were dressed in their better finery,
handsome frock coats and ruffled satin skirts, looking for all the world
like a picture of a Victorian cocktail party. A *muggle* picture, based
on the all encompassing stillness. They stared at him, their expression
varying from smug to unreadable. Katarina was of the former party,
lounging on the loveseat in creamy white, looking ready for a wedding.

He did a quick calculation on how fast he could close the door, lock it,
and set the hotel on fire and how long it would take them to reach the
door and/or break it down. The odds were not in his favor.

"Having a party, are we?" he asked. Flight was no longer an option, and
he hoped he would be able to bluff before he was forced to fight.

"Why yes," Katarina said, amiably, "A celebration of sorts."

He knew a lure when he heard one, but for now there was no point in
refusing to nibble. He sighed, ever so slightly, but enough for her to
catch his apparent boredom.

"Ah, how delightful. May I inquire as to the special occasion?"

Her smile grew ever so slightly, and he knew his little nibble had just
sprung the trap.

"Our family, you see. It's grown today. Viktor, why don't you come out
and say hello to *Cousin* Horace?"

Tom's bored façade dropped as from the back of the crowd, Viktor stood
up from the piano and moved around to the center of the parlor. He was
dressed as the others, in a black frock coat and maroon vest, a cane in
one hand and top hat in the other. As gentlemanly as he was dressed, the
bloodlusty hatred in his eyes was pure barbarian. He said nothing, and
Katarina swatted him playfully on the hip.

"No need to be so shy and sulky. You and Horace go *way* back. After
all," she said pleasantly, her eyes lighting with the same suppressed
rage of her new progeny. "You told us so many *interesting* stories
about him."

*This is the last time I work with vampires*, he decided, and threw out
a curse. Viktor dodged, and snarled like a beast, but Katarina was
already on the attack. She caught him by the neck and hurled him at the
nearby stairs, smashing the banister into splintering pieces, before
gravity sent him tumbling down the steps again. He groaned in pain and
tried to right himself, but she grabbed him again, this time by the back
of his robe, and threw him into the hotel counter. A quick flick of his
wand and an unspoken spell turned the wood and marble furniture to the
consistency of tofu, cushioning his fall even as he prepared his next
attack.

Katarina refused to allow him the opportunity. She rushed him again,
kicking his wand out of his hand before backhanding across the lobby
floor. He groaned in pain, and she smirked, stalking him at more
leisurely pace now that he had been disarmed. Her children gathered just
outside the parlor door to watch, Viktor at the front of them,
displaying a level of innate dominance that made her feel like the proud
new mother that she was. She would give the little con artist to him for
his first meal. It seemed poetically appropriate to her somehow.

"Oh, Horace, you played a good game. You had me going there for a while,
but you over played your hand. You were just too damn cocky, convinced I
would never figure out that you didn't even hold any cards. Now I have
to kill you just to save face."

She sighed sadly.

"Goodbye, Horace. It was fun while it lasted."

She removed her silk gloves, baring her wickedly sharp claws. He would
be Viktor's first kill, but that didn't mean she wasn't going to soften
him up a little first. Then he laughed, painfully, turning slowly to
bare his bloody teeth in a macabre grin and she frowned, confused.

"You stupid cow," he chuckled. "Always one step behind. Always missing
that one vital piece of knowledge, even now."

She cocked an inquisitive brow, not buying his bluff for a moment. She
would never believe a thing he said again. But she would play a long for
a little while longer, if only for the excuse to start breaking his
fingers.

"*Really?*" she said, mockingly, her eyes wide and fluttery. "Then why
don't you tell me, oh wise and powerful wizard, sir? Oh, pretty please…
before I tear your head off your body…"

His smile didn't waiver.

"One word, luv. 'Splinching'."

She only had time enough to blink once in confusion, and then he
disappeared with sudden '*pop*'. Instantly, she heard a second pop
behind her and spun around to strike him, but he already had her by the
arm and apparated a second time, this time bring her along for the ride.

Most of her.

He left her head behind, and it fell out of the empty air, hitting the
marble floor of the lobby with a sickening crack, and rolling a few
scant inches before coming to rest on its side, wide eyes staring
sightlessly at the lobby doors.

He apparated with the rest of her body to the other side of the room to
where his wand had landed, feeling her already beginning to dissolve
into ash beneath his hands. He shoved her desiccating corpse at the
gathering of stunned and horrified vampires. A vampires caught it and
screamed as it crumbled to pieces all over her. He threw one last
triumphant smirk at Viktor, who stared back coldly, before apparating
again to the outside of the hotel.

Once outside, he fell gasping, his magic and body strained passed
reasonable levels. Apparating within anti-apparition wards was possible,
despite what everyone said, but anything over twenty feet was likely to
kill you. As this wasn't even his body, he wasn't overly concerned. He
laughed darkly. Things just weren't going as planned these days.

"*Incendio."*

It was a simple spell that required little magic to do, but once it got
started it could turn into a real monster. Within moments the front door
was a blaze, and spreading inside.

At *least, I'm not the only one having a bad day, he thought ruefully*,
and climbed to his feet. He had best get out of the area before a Cultie
came along to investi-

"Hold it right there!"

Tom froze. *You have got to be kidding me!*

Somewhere, in the back of his mind, he thought he heard McGunny giggle
but he was probably just imagining it.

"What are you doing? You're supposed to be at the frontlines with
everyone else!" the soldier snarled a heavy Scottish accent. Tom didn't
immediately turn. No one had given him a second glance while in uniform,
but if they had looked harder he doubted he could fool anyone for long.
"You trying to dodge the fight, you little snot? Name and rank,
soldier?"

"Ah, Private…Jones…" he said, and flinched at how obviously fake that
sounded. "I was just-"

"Where's your boots, soldier?"

Tom looked down, and realized he hadn't bothered to transfigure his
shoes into the standard military boots. Damn it.

One of the windows exploded, showering glass onto the street. From
inside, there came a terrified shriek.

"Bloody hell! Who's in there?!" the soldier shouted. "Goddamn, saboteur!
Thought we would be too stupid to figure it out what you was up to?
*Caedo corpus!"*

Tom tried to leap out of the way, but he was already exhausted, and
caught the Cutting curse in the back. There was a moment of
weightlessness, and then saw his body fall forward onto the pavement,
the back of his clothes shredded and soaked with blood. Irritated, he
turned to his would-be murderer. The Cultie was nothing impressive;
young, blond hair cropped close to the skull, squinty little eyes, and a
cleanly shaven face that made the loose flesh of his sagging jowls all
the more pronounced. The only even slightly redeeming feature about the
man, it seemed was that his insignia ranked him a step or two above a
private.

As the man swaggered closer to inspect his kill, Tom thought to himself,
*I can work with this.*

---

Viktor walked beside Goethe through the tunnels, leading the remainder
of the once proud clan deeper into the underground. The survivors were a
solemn and tearful lot, the loss of their mistress and their home so
suddenly and so violently had shaken them and all of them feared the
future. All except Goethe, who maintained his detached sort of amusement
over the discord he had just been witness to, and Viktor, who had only
been dead for less than a day and felt a keen distaste for his own
existence already and no urge to mourn the one who had given it to him.

"You are Master, now," Goethe said quietly, after they had walked a
ways.

"I am no master," Viktor contradicted without looking at him.

"You are the only master here."

"*You* are a master."

"Ha. Maybe, but I am no leader. You are both. It is providence that you
came to us when you did."

"Providence does not exist for the damned."

"All depends to what god you pray. Mistress Katarina was a good master,
she looked after us in unlife and she looks after us still in undeath.
They all would have died if you had not been there."

"You led the way."

"But it is not me they followed. I am no leader. They hate me."

"I hate you."

"Ha."

"I hate them too."

"You are Master. They are what you make of them. Make them into
something you do not hate."

They said nothing more, the elder vampire allowing his new master to
absorb what had been said and to decide for himself what he would do.
Viktor, on his part, felt the wheels in his brain that had ground to a
halt at his death slowly begin to turn again. He was a vampire. He was a
goddamn vampire because Horace McGunny was a psychotic manipulator bent
on war and *Mistress* Katarina had impulse control issues.

And he to make matters even more fantastic, he was a Master Vampire. The
one in a hundred odd vampire who for one reason or another retained
enough of their personality and will to control other vampires.

Despite what Goethe had said, there was no providence in him being
there. These men and women were now reliant on a leader who knew nothing
about them or their world or their needs. How many would die before he
figured it out? Did he even care if they did?

He hated them. It absolutely *loathed* them, but they were his.

Now, he just had to figure out what to *do* with them.

---

"Lie still. You were badly injured," a gentle voice said softly.

"Mom," he called softly, staring up at the soft cream and brown blur
haloed in white. His throat was dry and his lips cracked.

"Ssshhh… I'm sorry, your mother is here, but don't worry. You're safe
now. You are in a hospital. I'm Nurse Williams and I'll be taking care
of you. You'll see your mother soon, I promise. Here, drink this."

A straw touched his chapped lips and he latched onto it, suckling
greedily at the cold, slightly sweet liquid. When at last he was
satiated, she pulled it away and spoke again.

"You were found unconscious in the war zone. Do you remember what
happened?"

He tried to recall, but all that came where hazy memories of fear and
pain.

"No."

"Do you remember your name?"

He thought for a long moment, and the first name that came to mind was
Tom, but that wasn't right. Tom… that had to be someone he knew, not who
he was. His name…his name was…

"Horace. My name's Horace."

[^108-1]: Voldemort's pack name is 'God Eater', and that isn't just a symbolic
reference. He really can, and has, eaten gods. Only minor ones, but enough to
make his body almost indestructible. That's how he survived so easily after
the Quidditch stands collapsed on him in Book III. Anyway, one of the problems
with eating gods is you inherit their powers, but also their responsibilities.
Voldemort honestly doesn't want to be responsible for the werewolves.

[^108-2]: This is Snape Speak for 'I can't imagine the world without him.'

[^108-3]: Pitié-Salpêtrière Hospital is a real teaching hospital in Paris, France. I couldn't think of a French sounding hospital that sounded very impressive so I stole this one and attached the French word for wizardry onto it. In my story, it is supposedly the best hospital in the wizarding world (think Mayo Clinic for you Americans out there), so naturally, Voldemort will take advantage of the Queen's hospitality to have Harry sent there for treatment.

[^108-4]: Basically, this is latin for ' a furious exhalation of magic from the body'. Oblitz essentially made himself into a magical bomb.

