# Battle Fatigue

Harry woke twenty-six hours later, staring half blind up at Luna's
blurred form hovering above him and the warmth of her arms on either
side of him. For a surreal moment he felt as if he were dreaming, of
what exactly he didn't know. Of the future? Of the past?

And then the present caught up with him, and the warmth of her arms and
her presence could not fight off their cold, stark reality. Fenrir
Greyback and the Goddess Clan were dead, murdered on their sacred night
when they were at their strongest and most vulnerable, and they were two
of a handful of survivors.

"Did you see?" she asked, her voice breathy as a whisper and clear as
bell all at once.

"I did."

"I'm sorry." She touched his cheek and pushed back his hair. "I knew you
would go if I said it, but… I…"

"You didn't want to be alone in this," he finished for her.

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be. I don't want you to be alone either."

He could feel her begin to tremble, and he reached up and gently guided
her back down, curling her up underneath his chin just as they had been
sleeping previously. Her weeping was silent, but he could feel her every
sob and tremor against his chest and felt it echo in the emptiness he
felt inside. He could so easily resent her now. She had sought him out,
for safety, for comfort, for who knows what or why and in doing so drawn
him into her pain. He could resent her, but then they would both not
only be hurt but also alone in their suffering.

"I'm sorry… I'm sorry…"

"Ssshhh… I know. It's okay. It's done now."

The soft tap of footsteps drew his attention, and he instinctively
sought out his wand on the bedside table, moving in a defensive position
over Luna, who stilled beneath him. He waited tensely, until the privacy
screen around their bed was pulled back just enough to allow a woman to
enter.

"Good Heavens, Mr. Potter, you're lucky I'm not a reporter! You have no
idea what an inappropriate picture you two are making right now!" Madam
Pomfrey chided, and Harry jumped off the bed as soon as he realized what
she was talking about. Redness bloomed across his face. He had been
grief-stricken, exhausted, and too shocked to question his initial
instinct to seek Luna out before falling asleep, but if anyone had
actually *seen* him he would have a hard time offering explanations. The
fact that Pomfrey wasn't demanding any was vaguely disturbing.

"I'm glad you're up," the medi-witch continued. "I need to give your
friend…?"

"Luna," he clarified.

"…your friend Luna an examination. One I don't think you should be
present for if you catch my meaning?"

"Er…not really, but I'll take your word for it."

"I think she wants me to get naked," Luna suggested. "Though why that
matters I don't know. It's not like you haven't seen me naked before."

Harry couldn't see it, but he could imagine several different
expressions crossing Pomfrey's face, ranging from indignation to
embarrassment, and busied himself looking for his glasses to hide his
disconcertion. He would have to talk to Luna about what she said, but
later, when he could speak without stuttering like a fool.

"Uh..er… yes, well, that's a bit different. Um…. Where can I…er…?"

"Your friends brought you a change of clothes. They're on the chair by
the medicine cabinet. Change and then go take a walk for an hour or so,"
Pomfrey said pointedly.

Knowing he had been dismisses, at least for an hour, he just about
turned to go but looked back to Luna first.

"Are you going to be alright for an hour?"

"You'll be back," she stated, as if it were a certainty, but she held
her arms in self-comfort and he felt his heart break at the sight. He
went to his clothes, and after ruffling through them, found his watch
and brought it back to her.

"Here. It's the second most valuable thing I own, after my wand, so be
careful with it. I'll be back in an hour. I'll get you something nice
from the kitchen."

She clutched his watch in her hands, feeling and hearing it beat like a
little heart in her palm. His smile was reassurance and heartbreak all
rolled into one, and hers was its mirror image. He slipped passed the
privacy curtain, the sound of him moving around and changing his clothes
persisted for a few minutes more, and then he was gone. At least… she
checked the watch… for another fifty-two minutes anyway.

She turned to the woman who had sent her pack away. She wasn't sure what
to make of her. She was a healer, and as a healer's apprentice Luna felt
a sort of respect and sisterhood towards her, but she was also bizarrely
alien. The crispness of her clothes, her lack of scent, and the
congenial demeanor were not something she associated with women of their
craft. If she were in the proper frame of mind, she would be enjoying
the experience, but right now she wanted the comfort of the familiar.

"No worries, dearie," the elder woman said, "The worst of it is over
now. It can only get better from here."

---

Harry had no intention of returning to class that day if he didn't have
to, but that didn't prevent class from coming to him. He had the bad
luck to leave the hospital wing between classes and found himself wading
through the usual mêlée with an unusual amount of attention being paid
to him. He cut through crowd like skiff through calm waters, the
students parting before him and only their wide-eyed stares dragged him
down. He wondered what they knew, about Luna and that night, about his
flight from Hogwarts, the massacre that he had found, the murder he had
nearly…

"Harry."

He turned to see Natalie, her expression tight, pained. Guilt clawed at
him. Once again he had rushed ahead without thinking about those he left
behind, just like Snape said, and hurt those who cared about him. What
had he put Natalie through? Hermione? All of his friends and teachers?

I'm sorry, Luna had said. Yeah, same here.

"Hey."

She opened her mouth to say something, but never got the chance as Snape
stepped out of his classroom and entered the hallway, immediately
spotting the wandering Gryffindor.

"Potter, are you making another escape attempt or just being a general
nuisance?" he snapped, then cast a sweeping glare at the students
milling about. "Don't you all have *somewhere* to be? If not I could use
a few volunteers for my first years to practice on."

The inertia that followed in Harry' wake broke, and dozens of bodies
hurried on their way. Natalie lingered, but a particularly sharp look
from Snape sent her on her way with only a few backward glances. Snape
turned his malevolence back to his original target.

"Well?"

"General nuisance, I suppose," Harry said, looking pointedly at the
floor. He wasn't sure how he was supposed to act around the man who had
prevented him killing another. Should he be grateful? Angry? Dismiss it
altogether as a moment of temporary insanity? "Pomfrey kicked me out of
the infirmary for an hour. I was going to the kitchen."

"Yes, I suppose that is one of the few options left to you at the
moment," Snape said, almost off-handedly, and stepped back into his
classroom. Harry made a move to follow, but before he could step through
the door he felt himself repelled backwards. He stumbled and fell to his
back. Snape was back at the door a moment later, glaring down at him.

"What part of your suspension don't you understand, Potter? The 'you
shall not enter any classroom or library' or the 'compliance will be
strictly enforced'?"

Harry glared up him. "How about the part where someone actually tells me
I've been suspended?"

He climbed to his feet, angry and humiliated, and walked away.
Suspension. On top of everything else he was bloody fucking *suspended*!
Well, screw them! What did he care?

"Where are you going?"

He jumped, and turned around to see Snape had followed him.

"The kitchen, like I said."

"You're not going to ask about your suspension?"

*You'd bloody well like that, wouldn't you? Wait for me to come running
to you for answers, and all I have to do is sit through your mockery to
get them,* he thought bitterly. *Not this time.*

"Ignorance is bliss. Behold my blissening state."

He turned to leave. Snape touched his shoulder and he surprised even
himself when he recoiled violently. They both stood there for a moment,
staring at one another in shock. Awkwardness and uncertainty came over
Harry, and he quickly moved to leave.

"Potter-"

"I don't care!" he said, not looking back. "I don't care one damn bit!"

By now most of the students had reached their next classes and the
hallway was empty, making his escape route clear. It also meant he
couldn't hide from Snape's eyes burning into the back of his head as he
ran away.

---

"There you are."

Harry looked up from the pumpkin juice he had been brooding over to find
Hermione and Draco standing in the doorway of the kitchen. The house
elves were scurrying about making him something to eat, as well as
'something nice' for Luna, and aside from their usual wide-eyed
adoration they were otherwise unobtrusive. He wasn't sure if he was glad
for his friends distracting presence or anxious about what they would
ask him. So much had happened and he hadn't had time to digest any of
it.

"Hey… aren't you supposed to be in class?"

Draco rolled his eyes. "Faked a migraine. My dear sister here was just
escorting me to the infirmary, but wouldn't you know it? She got us
*lost*."

Harry gave him a look. "McGonagall actually buy that?"

"Not a chance," Hermione said, and drew close to him. He shied away when
he felt her reach out to hug him, and immediately felt like a right
bastard at the hurt expression that cross her face. He looked away.
"Harry…"

He desperately grabbed for the first distracting topic he could think
of.

"Snape said I was suspended. I don't suppose you know the details?"

Hermione wasn't fooled, but Draco spoke before she could prod him
further.

"'Two week suspension for leaving the school without appropriate
supervision or permission and reckless endangerment of students, staff,
and self'. You got off light. Lestrange wanted to expel you for the rest
of the semester, but Snape nearly bit her head off."

"He wasn't the only one! McGonagall and Flitwick argued for him too."

And didn't that just make Harry feel like an utter asshole after how
he'd walked away from Snape? The guy goes around pulling him out of the
fires he's started, and all Harry can think about is how much the man
makes him feel like an idiot sometimes.

"Anyway," Draco continued, "Two weeks or really thirteen days since it
started yesterday. Not that it makes much difference, since you've been
subpoenaed to appear before the military tribunal and who knows what
else and would have been gone anyway."

Harry blinked at him. What? He was suspended *and* subpoenaed?

"It does too make a difference! This is going to go on his permanent
record!" Hermione protested, but even she seemed to think that was a
minor affair, especially given the circumstances.

"Military tribunal?"

Draco and Hermione both turned away, and she remained focused on the
elves busying themselves around the oven. "They need your official
statement before they can take action against the Germans for what
happened. They've been collecting evidence since yesterday. The papers
have been flooded with the story. They know about the werewolf coming to
Hogwarts, and that you saved her and then went to the colony. They… the
papers have these… pictures…"

Harry closed his eyes, trying not to imagine what those pictures had
recorded and calculated the possibility of him being able to avoid them
for the rest of this natural life. About as likely as he was to forget
what had happened, he thought. He checked the time with a tempus spell.

"I have to go here soon. Luna's expecting me."

"Harry…" Hermione said.

"I said I'd only be gone an hour."

"Harry…"

"Filly, how's it coming?"

"We's is wrapping it up now, Master Harry Sir!"

"*HARRY!*"

"What?!" he snapped back, startling both Hermione and Draco. He quickly
reeled back in his anger. It was getting the better of him too quickly
today. "Sorry. I'm just… tired, and she really does need me. I'm the
only one she has right now."

Hermione gave him a said look. "I know, but she's not the only one
hurting. You have people you can turn to also. Remember?"

He nodded, but didn't meet her eyes. He knew she meant well, and he
loved her for it, but this wasn't something he wanted to burden her
with. It wasn't something she could truly understand, and he didn't want
her to. It was bad enough that he had to live with it.

"I know… but I've just been awake for an hour. I need some time to
think… and I really do need to go. Filly?"

"Is ready sir!" She grinned up at him happily as she handed him a
basket.

"Thank you," he said, and turned to his friends. "We'll talk again
later." For the second time that day, he fled, feeling eyes burning into
the back of his head. How much longer could he keep running? Where would
he find himself when he stopped? The world had changed in just one night
or was the world the same and only he that was different? Different how?
Angrier if the last hour were any indication, but what else?

All he had were questions he didn't know if he wanted the answers to and
decisions that needed to be made.

---

She managed to get all the way to the dungeons before the tears came.
She had felt the tell-tale signs of it while at dinner. Harry was not
there, still hiding away in the infirmary, but his absence did nothing
to hinder the talk about him. Much of it was idle speculation,
curiosity, and the usual jealous malignment and if that had been all
there was she was confident she could have lasted the entire dinner
without the slightest reaction. It was concern for Harry that did it.

The Gryffidnor's appearance, however brief, had driven home the tragedy
that had occurred to a people they had never met. His grief radiated out
from him like a dementor's aura, sucking out the happiness of the air
itself. He had smiled, or tried to, and his words had not been
particular melancholic, but his eyes and his body language had betrayed
him. He was suffering.

And it was so obvious that even the nimrods that inhabited Hogwarts had
taken notice, and in their usual lack of propriety had gushed on and on
about it to each other in hushed voices, awkward pauses, and trite
expressions of sympathy. She had only made it a quarter way through her
quiche, when a tightening around her sinuses warned her of impending
embarrassment. She feigned lack of appetite and headed back to the
Slytherin common room, hoping against hope she would be able to hide
herself away before anyone noticed. She only just made it to the
dungeons when suddenly her cheek was damp. Horrified, she ducked into an
empty classroom before anyone could see her. She wiped away the first
few tears, but the more she did it the more that came. Before she knew
what happened she was sniffling and choking on sobs and nothing she did
would make them stop.

"Natalie?"

She spun around, her eyes widening as she saw Draco standing in the
doorway, looking as surprised as she was. It was too late already, but
she turned away tried to wipe away the evidence of her crying.

"What do you want, Draco?" she said sharply.

"Are you crying?" he asked, stepping into the empty room and closing the
door behind him.

"What do you think, stupid? I got hit with a Crying Hex. [^99-1]sniff[^99-1]."

He didn't say anything, and she was hoping against hope that he bought
her ruse. If he had she had probably ruined it by looking when he moved
to stand in front of her. He handed her his handkerchief.

"Here, use this. And don't rub your eyes, it just makes them red and
puffy."

Reluctantly, she accepted it and patted her tear stained face and blew
her nose.

"You can keep it," he offered, smiling at her. She glowered back at him.

"This isn't funny."

"No, no, of course not. It must be deadly serious if *you're* crying.
Did something happen?"

She looked away. "No."

"Does this have something to do with Harry?"

Her head snapped up. "No."

He gave her a knowing look.

"Yes," she admitted, and looked down. "Don't laugh."

"My self-preservation instinct is too well developed for that. What
happened? Did he say something to you?"

She shook her head.

"No… he didn't do anything wrong… [^99-2]sniff[^99-2] which I think is the
problem."

He gestured for her to elaborate, and she grit her teeth at his
presumption.

"He looked so… frail this morning. I've never seen him look like that
except when he's sick or hurt. It wasn't even this bad after Larousse
died. He doesn't deserve this. He doesn't deserve to have these things
happen to him… it just isn't fair. It's such a stupid thing to say, but
it just isn't fair."

And the tears were back with a vengeance and the handkerchief was
already soaked, and Draco was smiling in that annoyingly indulgent way.
But instead of mocking her like she expected him to, like she would have
in his position, he simply reached out and pulled her into a hug. She
immediately stiffened, although he his hold was easy and firm, as if he
done this a thousand times with her before.

"This is the first time you've ever cried for someone other than
yourself, isn't it?" Draco asked softly. "It's okay. I promise I won't
tell."

And like that she felt herself melting into his hold. She believed him.
Even knowing he was the chief manipulating in Slytherin and a selfish
brat, she still believed him. In certain ways, Draco was like her.
Neither of them formed attachments to people easily, but when they did
they guarded them fiercely and treated them like something precious. Had
she somehow fallen into his circle of precious people without her even
knowing it? The warmth and strength she felt in his arms, certainly made
her feel that way.

---

Snape did not *run* but over the years he had perfected a sort of brisk
walk that moved him at a speed most other people would have to jog to
meet. This was particularly useful when leading miscreant students to
their punishment, but today it served to maintain his dignity while
still reaching his appointment on time. He had believed himself well
prepared to complete his 'chores' in London before meeting Ira for
dinner, but he hadn't counted on the pedestrian traffic being quite so
high or that he himself was quite so publically recognizable. He had
been stopped more than once by complete strangers inquiring into Harry's
well-being, something he didn't divulge because frankly it was none of
their damn business.

Truthfully, he wasn't sure he could have answered the questions even if
he were so inclined. The boy had cloistered himself in the infirmary,
spending most of his time with Luna. He didn't fault Harry's selection
in companions, though their physical closeness left him uneasy. They
were two orphans who had both been witness to something horrific that no
one else around them could hope to understand. For the time being, they
offered the comfort and companionship they both needed. It was when they
parted ways, that Snape would really start to worry about Harry.
Gryffindors where passionate to a fault, and Harry was no exception. His
rage had been so profound he had nearly killed a man with his bare
hands, and Snape had a hard time trying to imagine Harry suppressing
those feelings for long. Already he had seen glimpses of it directed at
himself. Would the boy end up expressing his anger on others or direct
them internally? What other feelings lingered? Sorrow, indignation,
depression, guilt, fear? It was hard to tell with Harry. As emotional as
a person he was, it was hard to tell what was going one with him until
some over the top gesture revealed his feelings.

If he were lucky, Harry would have purged a majority of his feelings
before he returned to the castle. He had left that day with Luna for
Edinburgh and the military tribunal, and wouldn't return until his
suspension was over. Snape hoped for the best, but as usual, mentally
prepared himself for yet another disaster to descend on him.

At least he had finally gotten rid of the Body Tree, although its
ultimate purpose still baffled him. He had kept it too long already, and
with the war in full swing he couldn't afford to have that particular
threat ignored just to sate his curiosity.

"Name, sir?" the maitre 'd asked as he stepped in the restaurant.
Loraine's was not the fanciest restaurant in London, but it did have a
respectable serving staff and a cozy atmosphere. Lucius had liked coming
here during his collegiate years, when he was still too much of a prig
to eat at a pub and too prideful to ask for more money from his parents
than the allowance they already allotted him. The booths were charmed so
that unless you were sitting there or standing right next to it, the
voices you heard would only sound like garbled nonsense, allowing for
privacy without the awkward deafness of silencing charms.

"Snape."

"Right this way, please."

He was lead to a corner booth, where Ira was already waiting for him,
skimming through an article, a set of glasses perched at the tip of her
nose. She smiled as he sat down.

"I didn't know you wore glasses."

"What? Oh! These." Embarrassed, she removed them and tucked them away in
her purse. "Only for reading. Bookworm tendencies are hard on the eyes."

"And what are you reading?"

"'The Ethics of Creating Unnatural Life' by Holt."

Snape made a face. "I've read it."

"You didn't agree with him?" she asked, looking a bit disturbed. Holt's
work was canon in academic circle, particularly in classes on
professional ethics. He was the scientific Jesus of his age.

"He made some very good points, but he also dealt in the realm of
absolutes. Creating an animal only to serve oneself is absolutely wrong.
Creating a human being at all for any reason is absolutely wrong.
Creating life without a specific purpose is absolutely wrong. I can name
several examples, particularly in medicine, where these principles are
violated routinely and no one questions the moral reasoning behind it. A
man with no flexibility in reasoning is a man without imagination or a
zealot or both."

"I see what you mean, but I think he saw the exploitations of those
'flexibilities' when he wrote his paper and believed that the atrocities
one could cause made the benefits insufficient to justify such an
undefinitive stance could create."

They argued congenially for nearly an hour over Holt, which was a novel
experience for Snape. Whenever he got into academic debates, in his
youth and in adulthood, it typically was with men and usually resulted
in a lot of shouting and insults. However, Ira was a generous debater,
listening to his arguments without interrupting before presenting him
with her own ideas, and though they didn't agree by the end of the
debate, he did respect her rhetoric ability.

"You look tired, Professor," Ira said, once their conversation switched
gears from academic to personal.

"It's been a very trying week."

"How is Harry?"

It was a fair question and one he had hoped to avoid.

"I don't know. He's been avoiding me… and everyone else. The only
company he seeks is the werewolf girl, Luna."

Ira's eyes softened in sympathy. "And how are you?"

Now that question caught him off guard. "Well enough. I can't say I had
any particular attachment to the werewolves."

Wasn't that an understatement? If it weren't for the fact that Harry
would have gone stark raving mad, Snape wouldn't have been sorry to see
Sirius Black listed among the dead. Logically, he knew what happened was
a tragedy, but emotionally he felt it only by proxy.

"That's not what I meant. It can't be easy for you, being responsible
for Harry and for the safety of all of your students with war knocking
at your backdoor."

"Technically, the Headmistress is responsible for the students' safety,
but… I can't say I trust her with the task. She's been practical with
the defense of the castle, but her spirit just isn't in it," Snape
acknowledged. "I am less worried, however, about Hogwarts as I am about
your own university. Has there been any added security procedures?"

She looked away, skillfully distracted.

"Oh, well…sort… kind… no, not really."

He smirked. "So have you given thought to my offer?"

She stiffened, and he had a feeling he should have just stuck his foot
in his mouth. Trouble came in threes. Harry had brought it twice
already, first with the werewolf cuddlefest, then the romp through the
site of a massacre. Ira finishing it off seemed strangely appropriate.
She was awfully troublesome for such an unremarkable woman.

"You're going to say something unpleasant, aren't you?" he said, urging
her to get it over with now. She bit her lip, and he was reminded that
she had to be almost ten years younger than him, still in her twenties.

"I… You know when I tried to break it off the first time… I did it
because I didn't want to lead you on…"

"You're married?" he surmised, feeling something icy settle around his
heart.

She looked up at him, her eyes wide. "No! No, of course not! Well, not
anymore. I'm divorced. Have been for four years now."

The iciness thawed a bit, but he was still a little shocked to learn
about the divorce. Divorce wasn't a common practice in the wizarding
world, even before Voldemort's rule, and there were only a few instances
in which it could be done. Endangerment of the spouse and or children of
their union, murder of another family member, polygamy, violation of the
marital contract, or transformatism of a partner (i.e. turned into a
werewolf, vampire, fairy, etc) were about the only situations in which
it might apply. He wondered which category her husband fell under.

"…But I can't marry you."

He was taken back by her forthrightness, and then a bit offended by her
presumption. Yes, he was looking for a potential wife, but that didn't
necessarily mean he would choose *her.* A sarcastic remark was at the
tip of his tongue, but she beat him to it.

"I can't have children."

And that sarcastic remark died.

---

Harry and Luna stayed at one of Voldemort's estates somewhere between
Edinburgh and Perth. It was large and roomy and surrounded on all sides
by wilderness, and they liked it that way. They spent most of their days
outside, walking the swampy meadow and exploring the pine forest
surrounding their shelter. They took their meals outside when possible,
and in the study by the fire when it wasn't. At night, after the staff
had gone to sleep, he would get up and climb into Luna's bed. Victoria
must have suspected something, but said nothing. In fact, no one said
much of anything, including themselves.

The only times they spoke of what happened was when they were debriefed
in Edinburgh, and that was a mind-numbing and painful experience, one
that fueled Harry's own simmering anger and resentment. To General
Malfoy and his minions it was all just another move on a chessboard, and
perhaps Harry could have lived with that, but not with Voldemort's
indifference. He knew Voldemort was an apathetic bastard, but he had
expected *something* from the man who had lost an ally and perhaps even
a friend only a few days ago.

Yet, there was no change of expression, no tension, no demands of
respect as he oversaw Malfoy's ruthless questioning of Harry and Luna.
The only time Voldemort had said anything through the entire proceeding
was when his general had made the mistake of questioning Harry's sanity
and then it had been directed at Harry.

"If my sanity is faulty it failed long before I met the werewolves,"
Harry sneered, "Voluntarily working so closely with our Lord does
suggest some sort of neuroses."

It wasn't an original though. The wording was an adaptation of something
Sirius had jokingly said to him once before. The absolutely stunned
silence that followed his utterance made it well worth remembering. Even
Lucius looked like he had been slapped with a fish. He glanced over at
the Dark Lord, who looked less than amused.

"No offense."

"None taken, but perhaps it would be best to save the witty remarks
until later?"

Except there hadn't been a later. After his testimony, he's shied away
from further contact with Voldemort and finally just left the court
offices in a flurry of camera flashes and shouted questions. That was
three days ago and he hadn't seen the man since.

"I wonder what they are now," Luna pondered, staring out across the
moor, her feet half sunken into mud and her eyes far away. Harry, who
had been watching a flock of sparrow dancing in the distance, turned to
her.

"Who?"

"Father and mother and Diana and Jackal and all the others. Did they
find new bodies yet? Have they forgotten us and started their new lives?
Or do still cling to their spirit forms and watch over us now? Father… I
bet father is still around. I can't imagine father wanting to be
anything other than a wolf."

Oh. Harry had forgotten about that. Pagans like themselves went to
neither heaven nor hell, merely reincarnated or transcended into
godhood. He had simply thought of them as… gone. Now… now there were so
many other possibilities, and if thinking about it didn't dredge up the
awful memory of them lying dead in the snow he might have seriously
pondered it.

"I don't know, I think he might have made a pretty good goat. A mean,
angry goat."

They turned to see Sirius and Remus coming towards them, dressed in
their in their finest leathers and furs (which were still perfectly
appropriate for wading through swamp muck) and silent as ghosts. They
looked tired, but strong and serious at the same time, and Harry felt
the first stirrings of relief and happiness since the full moon.

Sirius and Remus lived. The Goddess Clan still had a Head Alpha, and
they would rebuild. It would never be the same, but it could still be
good. When Sirius pulled him into his arms and held him tight, Harry
relaxed, and when Luna and Remus joined their huddle he all but melted.
They were together. They were pack, and they were strong. Everything
would be okay.

He almost laughed at the ticklish sensation of Sirius and Remus sniffing
at him, puffs of air brushing against his neck and ears. Luna was doing
the same, even going so far as to touch her nose to the tip of Remus'.
Finally, they pulled away from each other.

"You are hurt, Luna?" Sirius asked first, frowning at the heavy scent of
potions that lingered on her breath.

"Not anymore," she said, wistfully, then added a bit more curiously.
"You smell of men."

"Being cramped in a boat with wizards for two days will do that. The
queen insisted I have an escort," he said, irritated at the memory. He
turned to Harry.

"And how are you, pup? I heard you got yourself mixed up in this mess."

Harry smiled ruefully and shrugged.

"I got suspended for two weeks."

"I'll make sure you can't sit for two weeks if you ever run after
trouble like that again." His threat might have carried a bit more
weight if Harry couldn't have read the pride and affection in his eyes.
Remus on the other hand looked more than ready to carry out the threat
if it came to that. He accepted both their reactions as signs of their
concern and let them warm him.

"How long are you staying?"

Sirius' expression fell somewhat, and Remus spoke for him. "We only came
to check on you both. We have to meet with Voldemort in Edinburgh and
return to the Goddess colony. We will be performing the ascension rites
for Fenrir and funeral rites for the others tomorrow."

A tense silence passed between them for a moment, before Luna spoke.

"I'll bring a ptarmigan. He liked ptarmigan. You'll help me?" she asked,
turning to Harry.

"Er… yeah, of course."

She smiled and moved away, deeper into the moor to hunt her decided
pray. Harry looked to them both questioningly.

"Why is she bringing a bird?"

Remus and Sirius shared an amused look, before answering.

"Fenrir was Head Alpha, and perhaps the most important werewolves in
centuries. The chances of him ascending into godhood are high. He'll be
buried with all the respect and offerings we can afford him, so he will
be comfortable in his realm. Food, clothing, weapons, all of it. Without
it, he'll end up like the demi-goddess, forced to anchor himself to one
of the living or dissolve into nothingness."

Harry had not known any of this, and felt a flush of guilt over his own
ignorance. He had been seriously remiss in his studies since Brennan's
death, and had been relying far too heavily on improvisation and
guesswork. Tomorrow would be a rather painful tutorial, he suspected.

"Oh… is there anything you want me to do?"

Sirius shook his head. Remus said, "Just what you've been doing. Watch
after Luna. She is strong, but doesn't connect with others easily. Right
now, you're her only friend."

He nodded, and let them ruffle his hair and say their goodbyes, before
he turned back to the moor and followed after Luna.

---

Whatever gentility and patience Sirius had, he left with his godson and
Luna, and by the time he reached the meeting hall he had kicked down two
doors and thrown a Sentinel out the window (they were only the second
floor so he would *probably* live). Remus might have been able to reel
in his temper, but the security had refused to let the beta entry, which
only served to irritate him further. At some point, Chief Sentinel
Morgan has planted himself just behind him, his presence assuring his
own people that they had *intentionally* let an irate werewolf storm
through the building. Voldemort's expression when he burst into the
meeting hall was decidedly unimpressed.

"Welcome, Lord Blackbone," he greeted blandly. "As rambunctious as ever,
I see."

Sirius's growl rumbled through the room like encroaching thunder. The
dozen men and women in the room reached for their wands instinctively,
but only Voldemort had been allowed to keep one in the room.

"I'm bored of your nonsense already. What do you want?"

"A cure for stupidity would be delightful, but I'll settle for a modicum
of civility. Come now, there's no reason to be irate. Your former Head
Alpha and I had a mutually productive relationship, there's no reason we
can't have the same."

Sirius' eyes narrowed.

"I can think of a few," he said, but settled himself into a chair (after
emptying it of its former occupant with a glare). "What do you want?"

Voldemort smiled, and with a gesture everyone in the room left, leaving
only the Dark Lord and the alpha. Once privacy was assured, the Dark
Lord spoke.

"I want us to help each other, Blackbone. Help each other fulfill our
obligations to our people. The murder of your Head Alpha, his family,
and his clan is an insult that can not be allowed to go unanswered,
anymore than I can ignore the destruction of the wards and the attack on
the villages. The weaknesses that they have exposed cannot be allowed to
remain unprotected. You *need* my help, and I want yours."

Sirius barked out a laugh, sharp and ugly.

"I don't need your help, and you don't *want* mine. *You* need *me* to
cooperate with you. The Snake and Wolf Treaty and my own blood-bound
oath to you means I can never act as your enemy, but the same treaty and
all your werewolf sympathy campaigns means you're in the same position.
I may not have free movement outside my territory in Britain, but I have
more than enough in France to execute my vengeance. I've got a bloody
*legion* of angry men and women dying to fight back."

Voldemort's amusement vanished. He should have realized that Blackbone
would make things difficult. Fenrir had never been a savvy politician,
and never really had a need to be, but he did appreciate the power that
being Voldemort's ally brought to the table. His successor wasn't so
open-minded.

"Don't over simply the matter," he warned. "Your territories and the
packs exist only because I *let* them exist, just as the French werewolf
territories exist only because Queen Ophelia is letting them exist. If
you make a nuisance of yourself, I won't hesitate to make your packs
suffer for it."

The depth of hatred in Sirius eyes burns like dragonfire, and Voldemort
takes a moment to appreciate the shiver that runs up his spine at the
sight of it. It is beautiful and enigmatic, and he wonders if Fenrir, in
his ephemeral godhood, has already lain his blessing down on his
successor. As magnificent as it was, however, it was also
counterproductive. He needed to calm the man down again. He lets out a
sigh.

"I am not asking for much, and I am paying for what I ask. Fifty men and
women with good health and a bad disposition. In return, I'll make sure
your territories have proper protection during the full moon. I'll even
throw in military pay for the troops. I get the extra man-power and you
get the support you need. It's a win-win situation."

The burning hate radiating from Sirius cooled to an icy regard, and for
a moment Voldemort thought he had won and was somewhat disappointed.

"I want final approval on any mission involving my people."

Oh goody, round two.

"Absolutely not."

"Then you don't get your troops. Did you really think I'd let you use my
people as expendable pawns? I won't be sending them on any suicide
missions, dying for your cause of the week or setting them to do your
dirty assassin work. If I'm going to give you any of my warriors I want
to be damn certain I get at least most of them back and with their
sanity intact. We've lost enough to your games as it is."

Touché.

"Fine," he concedes, because all things considered it's a cheap price to
pay. Blackbone wasn't the gabby sort, and even if he was he had no one
to tell plans to. No one who could use the information against him
anyway. "I'll have a treaty written up. You can review it after your
coronation."

"Fine. Are we done?"

"Yes. Always a pleasure, Blackbone."

The alpha stalked out without a word, and Voldemort starts to gather up
his papers. It had been a long week, but he felt energized, pulled along
the momentum of history unfolding. There was waiting and planning and
positioning to be done (when wasn't there?), but now there was also
action and reaction. Life and death were on the line now, not just for
individuals, but for entire populations and every choice he made may
well determine his country's future. Or lack there of.

He felt like a god.

"My Lord."

Morgan came into the room, his usual non-expression tight. Something had
happened. Voldemort wondered how many casualties were involved.

"What is it?"

The Chief Sentinel closed the doors, raising his suspicions of some sort
of disaster. "I have just received word of some sort of plot being
uncovered in London. I believe it worth bringing to your attention."

Mentally, the Dark Lord sighed. Conspiracies and murder plots directed
at his person were weekly occurrences, and he had long been bored of
hearing about them. There were very few original ideas nowadays, and
most were dealt with before they ever came to his attention. The only
interesting parts were when he got to interrogate the perpetrators and
frankly, he didn't have time for that particular hobby. Morgan, however,
wasn't the sort to waste his time with trivial matters, so when the man
handed him a report Voldemort actually skimmed through it.

Then went back and read it again, his brow furrowing. He stared at the
picture paper clipped to the document.

He stood up and turned to Morgan. "Take me there immediately."

He looked ready to protest, but then thought better of it. Half an hour
later, they both stepped through the University of London's floo in the
campus student center, stalking passed several dozen occupants before
they even realized who he was. Dressed in his usual robes and without
the conspicuous flock of Sentinels (Morgan had dressed in his civilian
clothes for this particular outing) and reporters following after him,
he could easily be mistaken for a professor or even a graduate student
and no one gave him or his servant a second glance as they walked
towards the astronomy building.

The investigating Sentinels had done well in keeping a low profile. Only
one woman guarded the front, disguised as a student simply reading on
the steps, and once he slipped inside the building Voldemort he located
half a dozen more.

"Where is it?" he asked the closest investigator. The man swallowed
thickly and led him down some stairs and into a boiler room. A group of
half a dozen Sentinels lingered here, gathering boxfuls of evidence and
photographic documentation. As the Dark Lord approached, they moved out
of his way, revealing one last door. The door itself was unmarked and
unremarkable, easily overlooked. He turned the knob and stepped inside.

A child was hanging in the middle of the room, hanging from a *tree* no
less, his pale naked limbs dangling limply at his sides. He moved closer
to examine him, prodding the little arms (they were oddly warm) and
checking the noose, which he quickly discovered wasn't a noose at all
but a vine growing out the child's neck. Lastly, he checked the face,
and confirmed what precisely he was looking at.

Tom.

At least, a seven year old facsimile of him. Of himself. But why would
anyone want to..?

"Collect a sample of its tissue for testing and then destroy it," he
said, not tearing his eyes away.

"Yes, my Lord," Morgan acknowledged.

"Do you have those responsible for this travesty in custody?"

From the boiler room, an investigator stepped in, her insignia
designating her the head of the team. "Not yet, my Lord, but we do have
a suspect. A student here at the university. He's been missing for over
a month now. Judging by the recent care that's been given this…thing… he
never left the campus."

"His name?"

"Horace McGunny."

---
