# The Eastern Front

Lieutenant Seitler internally cringed when Potter arrived at the front
gates of Hogwarts and *saluted* him. He had been warned in advance of
the boy's recent change in status, but two days was not enough to
mentally prepare himself for the sight of a skinny adolescent boy in
full military uniform standing in front of him. It was beyond
inappropriate. It was an insult to the armed forces, both Cultie and
Sentinel, not so much because of the person Potter was (Seitler like
many of his colleagues felt he had great potential despite being a
walking disaster magnet), but because the employment of someone so young
into an extremely dangerous profession (especially these days) went
against their very reason for being. They were meant to *protect*
Britain's youth, not paint a giant target on them and set them loose.
More irritating was the fact that Potter was probably oblivious to his
own mortality, and that was dangerous for everyone.

"You're not going to wear that here," he stated, glaring at the younger
man's black and fur-lined uniform. It wasn't quite an order. He wasn't
mentally prepared to attempt to pull *rank* on another Lieutenant from
the military.

"It's only for when I'm on duty," Potter said quickly, fidgeting a bit.
It was obvious he wasn't yet comfortable in it. Good.

"Are you on duty now?"

"… no, sir."

"Then go change. This isn't Halloween and that isn't a costume."

"Yes, sir. I mean, no, sir…Er… I'll go now."

"Leave your luggage and be back in half an hour. There's paperwork."

"Yes, sir." There was a definite hesitation on leaving his luggage with
Seitler and his men, but nothing too suspicious. Civilians rarely liked
to leave their belongings to be looked through by government entities.
Seitler made quick work of it. There wasn't much to find. Clothes and
the usual hygiene materials mostly.

There were only two suspect items; a bag of leaves and five foot staff.
The leaves were common herbs, nothing that couldn't be found over the
counter at any local apothecaries. The staff was holly wood wrapped in
leather and sown with bones, feathers, and beads. It obviously came from
the werewolf colony and set off their magical detection devices at
nearly six feet.

He decided to run that by Snape before returning it.

Privates Tousack and Finn looked disappointed.

"Were you expecting a severed head?" Seitler snipped. Tousack, a recruit
barely a year out of academy and who could sass with only his left
eyebrow, grinned back at him.

"You never know with this one. Bit of an odd duck, he is."

Finn tried and failed to suppress a smirk. "Could have stuck a werewolf
puppy in here somewhere."

"Good to know you gentlemen are not underestimating Mr. Potter's
propensity for trouble. I, myself, continue to be amazed at the level of
chaos he has managed to achieve."

Seitler tensed, but kept his face expressionless as he turned to see
Snape gliding soundlessly towards them. How had he snuck up on them
undetected? He nodded to the man.

"Professor."

"Lieutenant," the man acknowledged. Tousack and Finn had once again
adopted their 'game face' which may have intimidated school children but
had no affect on the de facto headmaster. "So he has returned then?"

He gestured towards Potter's things.

"Yes. I sent him to change. He was… inappropriately attired."

The other man had nothing to say to that.

"Find anything of interest?"

Seitler pointed out the herbs and staff. Snape checked the herbs first,
sniffing tentatively. His expression remained completely blank, but the
Sentinel suspected he was thinking very deeply. He set the herbs aside,
and went to the staff. He did not touch it, but performed several spells
that even Seitler was unfamiliar with.

"This… is coming with me. Inform Potter if you would that I shall be
sending it to his vault in Gringotts," he said finally, carefully taking
hold of the staff.

"You do not wish to speak with Potter yourself?"

Snape's expression remained stony. "Lieutenant, I am a very busy man
these days. Idle chatter with delinquent students is not high on my list
of priorities right now. Send him to Professor McGonagall. She can deal
with him."

He left without another word, and once out of hearing range Finn
muttered 'jerk' under his breath. Seitler wasn't about to jump to the
same conclusion. Snape… was not a likeable fellow. He was curt,
sarcastic, and intolerant of incompetence. But he was also fiercely
protective of his students (Potter in particular who was simultaneously
the most troublesome and the most valuable of his peers) in his own
merciless way. It seemed odd to Seitler that the man wouldn't speak with
Potter directly, if not to chastise him then to at least learn what the
Dark Lord was up to these days. The election of the new Minister of
Magic in Germany was supposed to be today, and he couldn't be the only
one wondering if they would be continuing the war against the idiot
Seibligg or some complete unknown.

He wondered if something had happened (something more than the usual
weirdness) that had created a rift between guardian and ward. He
wondered if there might not be a way to take advantage of it.

---

There was no way out of the Underground that lead to muggle Berlin.
Those who had fled into the tunnels soon found themselves at a dead end,
bricked over and heavily warded. Any spells sent at it ricocheted, and
no one dared try more hardcore spells for fear of killing everyone
crowded around them. Some turned back immediately, some just sat and
waited for help to arrive, some lingered around the blocked passage and
tried to find a way to tear it down. Some of those who left came back
with medi-witches and wizards to help the injured. Some of them came
back with news.

"They've cut off the entire Court District and Lindt-Wilheim
University," a man said, his thick winter robes smeared with blood and
ash, to a small group standing near the blocked wall. Viktor listened
with his one good ear as a young medi-witch tried to examine him. She
was already exhausted from treating dozens of others, and he didn't try
to rush her. She was doing far more good than he was at the moment.
"They're raiding all the buildings, dragging out all the people.
Sometimes they just took their wands and let them go, but other times…
especially near the Auror's headquarters…"

The man covered his eyes and could say nothing else. A woman took up
where he left off. She was ashen and despite the bright lights in the
tunnels, her eyes remained wide and unblinking.

"It's like they've got a list. This…*death list*, and they're just
sorting through everyone to find them."

"List? A fucking *list?* Where the hell were you looking?" another man
snarled. "They were killing anyone who had their wand out! And that was
everyone! I saw them! Cut down a bunch of college kids trying to put out
some of the fires. *Kids*I tell you! Not one of them over 22! Fucking
sick bastards."

"It's not just people either," another nervous fellow jumped in. "It's
*places.*They were burning all the wand shops on 42 ½ St. I… I don't
know if the owners were inside or not. They were destroying all the
Ministry offices as far as I could tell… but it was dark from the smoke
so I can't be sure…"

"My God, how are they doing all this? How could they?" the woman
sniffed, her wide eyes finally squeezing shut as tears began to fall and
she sobbed quietly. Viktor, who either from his concussion or some other
shock, was thinking clearly enough to know the answer but not clearly
enough to realize it was a rhetorical question finally spoke up.

"I know this one. It's brilliant. Horrible, but brilliant. It's why they
attacked the debate first… well, that and they wanted to kill the
candidates I guess… This isn't even their spell work, you know. They
just… pirated it. It's the Ministry's. They set off the Ministry's own
fucking defenses."

The medi-witch glowered at him. "Ssshh… enough of that. You're hurt and
confused. Hold still and I'll do something about your ear."

But everyone was looking at him now, and it seemed wrong to leave them
wondering.

"The Ministry has defenses around the city to protect it from muggles.
Most major wizarding cities do. The Brits must have found out where the
main hub for controlling them was located. They attacked the debate, the
Aurors protecting it all go to help the minister, then those that remain
are wiped out by another group of Brits, and then they take over the
hub, activate the defenses and then… amp them up. Doesn't take much to
make a ward meant to keep out muggles from keeping in witches and
wizards, you know."

He must not have been very clear because they were all staring at him
with the same vaguely horrified and confused expression.

"How… how do you know that?"

Viktor snorted. "Vikings did it in Londinium in eight hundred something…
I know a lot about Vikings."

"And I know a lot about healing," the medi-witch interjected, "And if
you want to heal, I highly recommend you shut up for ten minutes. Would
all leave us be? He has a concussion, he doesn't know what he's talking
about."

Ten minutes later his ear was healed, albeit temporarily, and he could
walk without feeling dizzy again. The concussion was gone, but his
certainty in his idea wasn't. It seemed most of the others hiding in the
tunnels were becoming increasingly certain of his idea as well, if only
because no other plausible or even implausible explanation had been
offered yet. He didn't stick around elaborate on his theory. The only
one who might actually make use of it was Dumbledore and he had to find
him quickly.

He back tracked through the tunnels, unconsciously searching the dirty,
frightened faces of the people huddled together for Martin, the boy he
had seen just before the explosion, but there were too many people to
know if he was there or not. He continued on until he reached the stairs
that would lead up to the surface, and found a small crowd standing
there with apparently the same intentions. A young man turned to him as
he appeared and gestured for him to stop.

"Wait a minute. We're waiting for the scout to get back."

He really didn't have time to wait around for someone who might not ever
appear. If Dumbledore was still in the city, it probably wouldn't be for
long. He had more than a little experience slipping through traps.
Pushing and squeezing his way up, he tried to listen for any suspicious
sounds, but there was nothing but the dull roar and occasional snap and
crackle of fire. Outside the air was thick with smoke and steam,
buildings and signs stood out as ghostly silhouettes in the haze. He
searched for possible threats, but it was uncannily silent. Cautiously,
he made his way towards the Lindt-Wilheim University, an abandoned
dormitory the agreed meeting place if things should go wrong.

The journey there was like a dream, shapes forming and disappearing in
and out of the gloom, shouts and screams from out of sight, and the
uneasy feeling of being watched. Viktor kept to the alleys wherever
possible, and made it a point to look upwards frequently for broomsticks
and snipers. There was no one else out on the street, but passing by
some of the darkened windows he could see people trying to hide under
tables and chairs. Some of the windows had been exploded and were now
blocked with planks of wood or furniture. Paranoid eyes peeked out at
him through doorways and gaps in the woodwork.

He didn't encounter any real signs of battle until Leipziger, a café and
bar strip a few blocks from the campus. Several of shops were now
burning, while others were merely cinders and melted glass, and in the
street bodies lay scattered. Men and women had been left where they lay,
their wands out, some tucked behind a small tree or whatever possible
cover they could find. They were not fighters, but even still they
managed to take down a soldier or two. Viktor made it a point to
memorize the look of their grey uniforms, but shied away from their
faces, younger still than most of those civilians they had helped to
murder.

Wilheim was the main street leading to the dormitories, and here Viktor
met the enemy. His only forewarning was the heavy trod of boots from up
ahead, and quickly ducked a doorway and cast a notice-me-not on himself.
It was just in time. A small squadron of soldiers, at least a dozen,
appeared with their wands up and their eyes alert, looking like wolves
on the hunt. They were grouped together in threes, and positioned
themselves in front of different shops, just a short distance away from
him.

"Reducto!" one of the men shouted, blasting the door of a small
restaurant into shards of glass and winter. Inside, several people
screamed in fright. "Come out with your hands up or we'll burn you all
alive inside!"

The words were stilted, a rehearsed line by someone who had no real idea
what they were saying. The soldiers stepped away from the doorway and
after a moment a middle-aged wizard appeared with his hands up, followed
by a busboy, then more and more people began to file out. Two of the
soldiers grabbed them roughly and herded them into a line and forced
them to their knees while the third kept his wand on those still filing
out. When no one else came out the third went inside, and returned a
moment later and signaled that it was clear. Some thirty men and women
knelt terrified in the street.

Across the street another set of Aurors repeated what had just occurred,
breaking down the door and ordering those inside to come out. While that
was going on the first trio continued to the second stage of their
routines.

"When I stop in front of you, surrender your wand, handle first, and you
will be allowed to leave unharmed. If you resist, I will kill you," he
stated blandly. He moved to the first person in the line, the
middle-aged wizard, who reluctantly pulled his wand from his jacket and
handed it over. The soldier took it and snapped it.

"NO!" the wizard shouted and lunged for him.

"*Crucio!*"

The wizard fell to the ground and screamed, as did several other people
in the line. Viktor clenched his wand in his hand and calculated the
odds of killing the soldier and escaping with his life. They were
abysmal, but he could not stand watching the torture for much longer.
The screaming finally stopped and wizard collapsed, struggling to
breath. The soldier moved to the next person in the line, who
surrendered his wand and did nothing more than cringe when it was
snapped in front of him.

"Hey, Captain! They ain't coming out!" one of the soldiers from the
second trio called in English.

The soldier who was snapping wands turned to him. "Did you give them the
warning?"

"Yeah, twice."

The captain shrugged. "Burn it down."

The soldiers nodded and lifted their wands.

"*Oprimo viscera!"*

Viktor's curse caught the closest soldier squarely. The result was a
shrieking scream, followed by burst of blood from his mouth, and then
death. The others stared stunned just long enough for him to repeat the
curse on a second soldier, this one as far away as he could still see
him. More screaming, from the civilians in the street, from inside the
buildings, and finally shouts from the captain to find the attacker.
Viktor had already moved from the doorway to the closest alley,
runningas fast as he could without knocking over debris and giving away
his position. A whistle went off somewhere behind him, alerting others
to what the attack.

He risked crossing the open street to get to a large park located on the
edge of the campus, and ducked into the undergrowth. He kept moving
until he found himself at large pond. No one followed him, but he
continued to scan his surroundings restlessly. When he was absolutely
sure no one was going to be firing any curses at him, he sank to his
knees and vomited.

Those people on the street, he may have killed them for all he knew. The
captain had been willing to burn innocent people alive, would he think
twice about killing those on the street now that Viktor had provoked
him? Had his own misguided attempt to stop them really saved those
people in the shop or had they burned it anyway?

*Stupid, Viktor! If you had just stunned those two they might not have
been as angry! They may have been distracted long enough for those
people inside to surrender.*

There was nothing to be done about it now. Maybe he had helped, maybe he
had made things worse. For himself, there was no help. He would never
reach the dormitories. He knew that now. They would find him, kill him
if they recognized him, kill him if he tried to fight, and Dumbledore
wouldn't even be there. He was gone. He had to be. All Viktor could do
was run and hide.

For now.

As soon as he found a place to hide that was relatively safe, he would
start planning. The Brits were working quickly to unarm the civilian
population before a resistance could be mounted, but they wouldn't get
everyone. They couldn't. Viktor just needed to find others, find out how
deeply entrenched the invaders had made themselves, find a way to tear
down the wards that entrapped them, and they might be able to win back
the city.

Funny how that sounded so much harder without Dumbledore and a bag of
lemon drops backing him up.

---

Katarina awoke choking on ash, her entire body convulsing in panic until
she blindly kicked open the lid to her coffin and sent it flying to the
other side of the room. She searched the room, expecting to see fire,
but there was only a sickening smog trying to invade her undead lungs.
Her rooms were shuddered against the deadly rays of the sun, but the
electric lamps she kept on at all times glowed and she hunted her way
through her room to the adjoining one, where six coffins lay.

"Wake up! Wake up!" she shouted, throwing open lids and pulling her
groggy children from their beds and all but tossing them on the floor.
"We're under attack! Wake up the others!"

Disoriented, the younger vampires scrambled to their feet to do as she
commanded while their mistress hunted for answers. Despite the smoke,
none of the rooms were on fire, and no one had entered. The smell was
atrocious, but being undead she was not *forced* to breathe it in, and
despite the lack of fire her instincts were screaming at her to get all
of her children out of the house. But what if that was what they wanted?
What if they were trying to flush them out so they could cut them down
once they left their sanctuary? Who were they anyway?

"Calm yourself, Madam."

She turned letting out an angry hiss. Horace stood in the parlor,
drinking tea, the smoke that had enveloped everything else parted away
from him. He did not look concerned.

"What is the meaning of this?"

His expression remained bland, but there was an underlying tension she
didn't miss. He was angry with her, angrier than he had been when she
had thrown his last command in his face and sauntered off to do as she
pleased.

"The meaning? The meaning my dear lady is… that I told you so."

"I beg your pardon?!"

"Beg away, I doubt it will save you."

"You-"

"Shut up, you stupid cow! You didn't want to listen to me before, wanted
to *prove* something, and congratulations you've proven what spoiled
brat you are and probably killed us all," he snarled, a flick of his
wand smashing her into the piano. The instrument shattered, leaving her
stunned in a pile a dangerously sharp wood and broken piano wire.

Goethe burst into the room, followed by half a dozen other vampires. One
of them made a rush for the young wizard, only to burst into flames. He
began screaming.

"Horace, stop!" Katarina screamed. "Please, stop! Please!"

The flaming vampire extinguished himself, leaving behind the charred
remains of his clothes, and lots of exposed and unharmed skin. It had
only been a warning. One she was not going to take for granted.
Defeated, she let Goethe pull her to her feet, and looking down turned
back to the wizard.

"Please, tell me what's happening."

The boy put his tea down, shoving it aside and began pacing.

"Voldemort's army has invaded Berlin. They've locked down the wizarding
city. There's no way in or out. We're stuck. I filled the house with
smoke to trick the Culties from actually setting it on fire, but someone
is going to catch on eventually."

"I don't understand. What do you mean Voldemort's invaded Berlin?"

"I'm not sure how I can simplify that sentence," he sneered. She bit
back her own acidic retort.

"I mean… why didn't you tell me?"

"Because *I* didn't know. He told me to leave for Frankfurt so that we
wouldn't be caught up in this but he never told me his plans in case I
was ever caught. Dammit, dammit, dammit."

Katarina wanted to ask more questions, offer some suggestions, but she
had a feeling anything she said at this point would only infuriate the
boy further. Looking more closely at him, she could see he was
exhausted, his eyes bloodshot and shadowed and his hair and clothes
uncharacteristically mused. At last, he stopped pacing and turned to
glare at her.

"I'll figure something out, but in the mean time I expect you to follow
my orders to the letter or I swear on my life I'll leave you here to
burn with the rest of the city, is that clear?"

Once again, for the sake of her children as much as herself, she bit her
tongue.

"Chrystal."

---

Harry hadn't even gotten the chance to unpack yet, and Hermione already
had him sifting through enough homework to make his brain pop. His
suspension meant he could not re-take any tests or make up missed
assignments, which after two weeks was going to make a hefty dip in his
GPA for the semester, and if he wanted any chance of bringing it back up
before the end of the semester he was going to have to ace almost all
his assignments and pick up as much extra credit as he could muster.

"I've already talked to Professor McGonagall and Professor Slughorn,"
Hermione reassured him, looking her most sympathetic as he gawked at the
foot high stack of papers. They were in the library, cloistered into a
quiet little nook where the stares and whispers from the other students
wouldn't bother them. "They're both willing let you complete some extra
credit work during the holiday break, and I'm pretty sure I can convince
Professor Snape to let you tutor for the first years for extra credit,
but he's been in a mood lately so I think we should wait before we try
discussing it with him. Professor Sprout and Professor Flitwick…eh… I
don't know if there's much to be done about them. They're both still
furious with you."

Harry nodded, hoping he didn't look too panicked. "What about Vector and
Toure?"

"Simple," Natalie interrupted, inviting herself to squeeze in next to
Harry, while Draco situated himself next to Hermione. "Bribe Vector with
one of those cool pagan rituals with all the circles and triangles and
things. Don't even worry about Toure. She practically creamed herself
when she heard you became an official diplomat for the Dark Lord. She'll
probably give you an Outstanding in her class just on principle."

"Oh, yuck, Nat," Draco cringed. "Do you have to be so vulgar? It's hard
enough listening to that woman's ranting without you tossing in those
wonderful mental images."

"Prude," the Slytheriness dismissed. She turned to Harry, and before he
could react she pecked him on the cheek. "Welcome back, Harry. You're
looking much better, I have to say. Although, I'm sorry I missed seeing
you in uniform. Cullis said you looked quite dastardly."

He smiled a bit awkwardly. She'd caught him off guard with the kiss, and
he was feeling a bit flustered, although she didn't seem to have meant
anything by it.

"We all are feeling quite deprived. How are you, you mad rogue?" Draco
said.

"Getting madder every day. Did you hear-"

"No, no, *no*. Not now!" Hermione interjected. "You've probably got more
stories than Beadle the Bard to share, but if you start on them you'll
never even get started with your assignments and you've got two chapters
to study for if you want to pass that quiz in Arithmancy and a foot long
essay on transmutation of alloys due tomorrow in Transfiguration!"

Natalie glowered at the other girl. "Oh come on! *You're* here. We
haven't seen him in two weeks and the last thing we heard about him was
that he got drafted into the military! Did you really get drafted?"

"Uh… yeah, I guess-"

Hermione glowered at him. "*Harry*, do you want to pass your classes or
not?"

"Er…"

Draco chuckled and climbed out of the cubicle. "Uh-oh, she's got the
evil eyes on her, mate. Best to just nod obediently at this point. Come
on Nat, we can grill him at dinner."

"I'm not afraid of-"

The Gryffindor prefect turned her formidable glare to her. Natalie
quickly shut her mouth. She glared back briefly, before letting out an
indignant sniff.

"Have it your way, but Ron will be *so* disappointed."

She stalked off. Draco rolled his eyes as he turned to follow her.
Hermione let out a frustrated huff. "That girls sometimes…Argh!"

Harry gave her a thoughtful look. "What was she talking about? With Ron,
I mean? Why would he be disappointed?"

"Forget about it." She waved her hand dismissively. "He gets jealous
about spending time with me sometimes. It's silly really, and I'm not
going encourage his childishness. Now, chapter eight-"

"Hermione…"

"Harry, we really need to get started-"

"Thank you."

She blinked, and he couldn't help but smile at how surprised she looked.

"For doing all this," he elaborated. "You're a really good friend. I
know I don't say that enough, but that doesn't mean I don't think it."

Her ears started to turn pink and she looked down quickly at her hands,
flitting through her notes. "Oh…I… you're welcome. I mean… I know you'd
do the same for me… well, you *have* done the same thing for me. With
the acrumantula and all, except of course you risked your life so really
it's even bigger than… um.... chapter eight. Why don't you start copying
my notes?"

"Sure," he said, taking mercy on her. Hermione might love being praised
for her intelligence, but it seemed any other kind of praise turned her
into a modest mouse. He looked down at the parchment containing her
small, tidy script, and started to read.

As much as he missed Luna, there was something to be said about the
comfort of the familiar and routine. It was a warm, safe place after
stumbling lost through the wilderness. They had survived it together and
they were bonded forever by the experience, but he had bonds here as
well. Bonds formed through steadfast loyalty and shared affection.

It was good to be home.

---

"Fire!"

Another volley of spells smashed into the wards, causing the air to
shimmer like the oily surface of an enormous bubble, only to fade into
its undetectable translucent state. Oblitz glowered at the line of
Culties grinning at him and his men as yet another attempt to bring it
down failed. A few of them actually clapped mockingly.

Oblitz ground his teeth. This was not how he imagined his day going,
although even he could find a bitter appreciation for the irony of the
situation. It had been his intention to stage a terrorist attack about
midway through the debate, blow up a few buildings in a neighborhood
shopping district, give everyone a good scare before they went to the
polls and remind them of exactly what they were up against.

Except it seemed even Oblitz himself had underestimated what they were
up against. He hadn't anticipated the attack on the city on Election
Day. The move seemed too impolitic, too audacious for a creature as
manipulative as Lord Voldemort. He had only himself to blame. He was in
charge of the city's security, and now he had lost over 90 square
kilometers, nearly two-thirds of the wizarding section of the city,
including all of the Ministry Offices and Auror Headquarters. Seibligg
was dead or else soon to be publically executed, leaving wizarding
Germany without a true leader…

He might be able to work with that.

He turned to his men, a mere two hundred, not nearly enough to oust the
estimated two-thousand soldiers terrorizing the city even without the
wards separating them. They would need reinforcements.

"I want a perimeter set around this entire wall. We might not be able to
get inside, but I want to make damn sure that none of these sons of
bitches can get out either! Stay alert! I catch anyone of you sleeping
on the job, I'll make sure you wish you were in there with the
bastards," he snarled.

All of them saluted obediently and went off to do as instructed. They
were well trained. Ten times brighter than any of the stooges making
monkey faces from the other side of the ward, but they wouldn't be
enough. Not yet.

"Sgt. Lars," he snapped, and a young Auror paused on his way to follow
orders. Reluctantly he stepped up to his commander.

"Sir?"

"You transferred to Berlin from Hamburg, did you not?"

"Yes, sir."

"So you know the Head Auror there?"

"Er… by reputation only."

"Then by reputation only, do you believe he would spare some of his
men?"

Lars stiffened. "Sir, with all due respect, any Auror worth his salt in
Germany would willingly drop whatever they're doing to help drive out
these tyrants."

"I'm banking on it. Go to Hamburg, tell them what's happened. Have them
spread the word. I'll need men and supplies here as quickly as possible.
By dawn I want these fools to know exactly what sort of hornets nest
they've stepped in. Go!"

The Auror apparated away in a deafening snap, leaving Oblitz to wonder
if he were truly doing the right thing. What if this was exactly what
the Dark Lord wanted? If he took Aurors from the other cities then those
cities would be vulnerable to attack. Yet what choice did he have?
Berlin could not be surrendered after so feeble a battle.

He would think of something. There was no one else left to do it.

---

"Harry!"

He awoke instantly, wand in his hand and pointed before be even
registered that he had even been asleep. Something broke, a sconce
maybe, crashing to the floor. He blinked once, twice, grabbed his
glasses and tried again.

Hermione stood by the doorway blinking down at the twisted piece of
metal currently laying at her feet. He paled.

"Oh Merlin, are you alright?!" He clambered out of bed, ignoring the icy
chill of the floor. In the other beds, boys stirred from their sleep,
grumbling and cursing at the early hour.

"I'm fine," she said, still looking down at the sconce. "I didn't know
you sleep with your wand under your pillow."

"I don't. Hermione? Are you alright? I didn't… bloody hell, I don't even
remember what spell I used!"

"Potter take you're love spat outside! We're trying to sleep here!"

She blinked again, and then seemed to shake herself out of her surprise.
She grabbed his hand, leading him out of the dormitory and down the
stairs to the Common Room. It was empty, but a fire had been lit to
fight off the early morning chill. The grandfather clock showed it was
only a little after seven.

"We'll talk about what happened later. Did you know about this?!"

She shoved a newspaper at him and turned away to start pacing in front
of the fire, chewing her thumbnail nervously. Looking down at the paper,
it immediately became obvious what had her so agitated. Splashed across
the front in words large enough to be read from across the room,
*Wizarding Weekly* practically screamed;

BRITAIN CONSQUERS BERLIN!!! MINISTER SEIBLIGG DEAD!!!

Harry's eyes widened and he quickly scanned the article detailing the
invasion of the German capitol city during the election, the subsequent
death of the minister during the conflict, and the meager resistance
that was so easily swept aside. There was more, much more, but he
couldn't bring himself to continue. He shoved the paper aside, too
stunned to know what he should be feeling. Hermione took one look at him
and her expression softened.

"You didn't know."

He shook his head, not trusting himself to speak. He had seen the Dark
Lord the previous morning, the day of the invasion, had breakfast with
him, discussed military politics and the werewolf funeral. Some how
Harry doubted that the invasion of Germany had simply slipped his mind.

"What does this all mean?" he asked. "I mean… I sort of get why he… why
we're… no, no… I don't get it. Well, I do, but… how? How can we invade a
city? What's to accomplish? It can't be held forever! Merlin we
assassinated their minister!"

She shook her head.

"I don't know either. The Dark Lord must have a plan. *Lucius* must have
a plan."

Movement from the stairs distracted them for a moment, and Clyde ambled
down in a bathrobe, looking only half awake.

"What's going on?"

Harry handed him the paper, and he skimmed it. "Huh. About bloody time."

They both just looked at him. He shrugged.

"Well, what did you think was going to happen? The stupid jerks got
exactly what they asked for. We should have smacked some sense into them
last year after the whole tournament plot."

"People are going to die!" Hermione protested.

"People already died!" Clyde snapped back, the first real hint of anger.
"They *murdered* those people in Dunnan Hill and Timir! They tore down
our protective wards so they could go on to murder even more people!"

"How do those sins make it alright for us to commit the same sins
against people who weren't involved?! We're only escalating the
violence. This will only make things worse for everyone!" she shouted
back. Clyde threw up his hands and turned to Harry who was staring into
the fire.

"*You* know I'm right. They killed your friends, would killed your
godfathers if they had been there. They have to be stopped and this is
the first real step to doing that. Explain it to her. I apparently don't
speak intellectual."

"Harry, this is only going to get worse," she reiterated, but said
nothing else.

Harry closed his eyes. "You're both right."

Clyde snorted and rolled his eyes. Harry glared at him.

"You're *both* right. This is going to get worse. It's only the start of
things. More people are going die. A *lot* more people… but it… we
couldn't do nothing. They did have to be stopped. I just… I can't
imagine how this is going to end. I don't know what we're going to lose
or win and whether it's going to be worth it. I just don't know."

They all stood silently for a long time after that, until finally Clyde
nodded.

"Yeah, okay. That makes sense. Sorry, Hermione, didn't mean to snap at
you."

Hermione nodded, not looking any happier.

"What do we do?"

Harry shook his head. "What can we do? We don't even know what's going
on. We'll just have to wait. Gather our facts. Figure out what to do
after that, if there even is anything we can do."

---

The Dark Lord and General Lucius stood across from one another in the
meeting room, staring down at a map of Berlin. On it several pin pricks
of blue and red dots were moving. A majority of the red dots were
concentrated at the center of the city, with an even larger number of
blue dots scattered around them. Amongst the concentration of red dots
there was the occasional blue one, but they had been steadily
disappearing since yesterday and would soon be gone altogether. Their
men had successfully taken the city. It was a matter of holding it that
was of their primary concern now.

Around them several lieutenant generals, colonels, and majors were
gathered to await news from the battlefield and receive their orders.
Among them was Major Beartooth, the official leader of the werewolf
troops for all of three days. He was large, bear-like as his namesake,
with a thick ruddy beard and arms like tree trunks. He remained out of
everyone's way and they likewise returned the favor.

An urgent knock on the door drew everyone's attention, and they all
turned as the door as doors opened and a young private entered and
saluted shakily.

"What is it?" Voldemort prompted.

"The most recent report from Maj. General Albertson, my Lord!" he said,
holding out a scroll.

"Very well. Dismissed."

Lucius relieved him of the scroll and brought it to his master.
Voldemort read it, smirked and handed it back.

"The wards remain stable, the Aurors inside have been all but
annihilated, and our men have already disarmed an estimated third of the
population. Ladies and gentleman, Berlin is ours."

The room swelled with cheers and applause. It had been a risky maneuver.
The true scale of Berlin's defenses was unknown, but it would have been
at its most alert with the election in place. It seemed providence was
on their side. Voldemort let them have their moment of enthusiasm,
enjoying it himself for few moments before he gestured them to quiet
down.

"This is indeed a glorious victory, but we still have much work to do.
The Polish Minister of Magic is a new and skittish ally. Our success in
Berlin affords us some confidence, but we will need more victories and
soon if we hope to keep it. Albertson has what he needs to hold the city
for at least six months, but we're going to need to take the states of
Brandenburg and Baden-Württemberg long before then in order to secure
the borders in France and Poland. After that, we'll move our troops
towards each other through Hesse, Thuringia, Saxony-Anhalt, and Saxony,
effectively splitting the country in half."

"Divide and conquer," one of the majors said thoughtfully.

"Precisely. The Aurors will be gathering in Brandenburg and what little
remains of Berlin, so we will begin our attack in Baden-Württemberg.
We'll start off with shock troops first, take out as many Auror and
Ministry offices as possible, and then march our infantry after them to
establish control over the local population. After that we'll have to
wait and see how the Germans respond. If they stick to Berlin or rush to
Baden-Württemberg or split themselves, we have plenty of options left to
us in any of these events. Any questions?"

One of the Corporals, a hard-faced woman missing her left ear stepped
forward.

"How much force do you wish us to use to subdue the civilian
population?"

"As much as necessary," Voldemort said plainly, then added, "And no more
than that. As tempting as it may be to punish them for what happened in
Ireland and Scotland, they will suffer enough through their humiliating
defeat. I expect all of you to be ruthlessly efficient so that they
might fear you, but not so utterly ruthless that they will find
rebellion the more suitable choice than surrender. Remember, the eyes of
the world are upon us."

An audible snort drew his attention to the corner of the room where
Beartooth stood, arms crossed.

"You have something you would like to say?" Voldemort asked smoothly.
Several men and women quickly stepped out of the way so as not to be
between the werewolf and the Dark Lord's wand.

"My people don't give a damn about the rest of the world. Sure as hell
don't give a damn about German sensibilities. We're here for one reason
and one reason only: Kill as many as the fuckers as possible."

Those gathered in the room held their breaths, certain that such a bold
and disrespectful statement could only end in blood and/or screaming.
The Dark Lord must have been in unusually high-spirits, however, because
all he did was smile.

"Shock troops it is then."

---

Snape stared out the window and down at the small gathering of students
beside the lake. Harry was out there, weaseling some extra credit out of
Vector by demonstrating some sort of pagan ritual for making fire with
only diagrams of triangles and pentagons to the entire arithmancy class.
Seitler was nearby, scanning for trouble, and more than likely some of
his men were out of sight doing the same. He was thankful for their
diligence. It was hard enough convincing his own students to be cautious
and alert, let alone the castle's own security detail.

Within a few minutes Harry succeeded in making fire. Small though it
was, Snape couldn't help but be in impressed. He had heard Professor
Seamus gloat to Vector that the spell was possible but way out of the
league of a fifteen year-old novice. There were three hundred and thirty
three parts to it after all, and they had to be arranged perfectly.
Apparently, Potter had found an abridged version. Or had created one
himself.

The Gryffindor made some sort of flinging gesture at the little fire,
which suddenly exploded. Those gathered all leaped back in alarm, except
for the conjurer himself who had been knocked three feet away and onto
his back. Vector hurried to his side, but the boy was already climbing
to his feet, patting his clothes to put out the little fires. He didn't
seemed particularly concerned that he had nearly blown himself up.

Merlin, *this* was supposed to be the greatest threat to the Dark Lord?

No, it couldn't be. The child who had been prophesized to destroy
Voldemort was dead and gone, and had been for fourteen years now. Buried
in some unmarked grave with Frank and Alice Longbottom.

This was just coincidence. A mistake on the centaurs' part. Maybe even a
cruel joke. After all, there was no proof Harry had been born on July
31st. There was no reason for Harry to lie about it. He didn't know
about the prophecy.

However, Dumbledore did. Dumbledore who could have warned James and
Lily. It would explain why they had fled Britain so abruptly, why they
would hide their identities and pretend to be muggles, and why they
might lie, even to their own child, about his age and birthright.

No. They had reason to flee already. The war was escalating and the end
could be seen overwhelmingly in the Dark Lord's favor, and they had fled
knowing they and their infant son would be killed if they didn't.
Pretending to be muggles… it wasn't like they had any reason to cling to
wizarding life after they left Britain. They must have thought being a
muggle was somehow better than being a refugee, and in a lot of ways
they were probably right.

It was too important a matter to guess at. He would have to know before
he did anything. Wait, no, that's not right. If he knew, then he would
*have* to do something. What exactly? Tell the Dark Lord obviously… or
tell Harry. Warn him. Explain his destiny. Help him carry it out?

There had been a time in his life, one he was not proud, where he had
doubted the Dark Lord's cause. The Death Eaters, men and women he had
respected and admired, had been becoming increasingly fanatical,
malicious, and barbaric. He had found himself becoming disgusted with
their pointless cruelty and their lack of any true motivation beyond the
indulgence of their own growing sadism. More than that, he was starting
to hate the Dark Lord for encouraging them.

Only Lucius knew of his doubts, and was the sole surviving confidant of
those dark times. The death of the Longbottom child and with it the only
hope of the Dark Lord's defeat had stripped him of the possibility of
defection, and despite the hopelessness that followed the months after,
it eventually came to pass that the war ended. Lucius had pulled some
strings to have him transferred to Hogwarts rather than taking up a
Court appointment, sparing him the company of people he had come to
despise (with the exception of Lestrange of course, but then they rarely
sought out the other's company).

Things got better. The country began to heal. Everyday the future looked
brighter. A new generation, untouched by the horrors of that conflict,
was appearing now.

Just in time for this new war to deprive them of their innocence.

If Harry really was the one capable of killing the Dark Lord, should he
help him do so and put an end to this vicious cycle? Would that really
help anyone at this point? Pulling Voldemort from his immortal coil
would destabilize the government, the entire country, leaving them
vulnerable to threats from within and without. There would only be more
war.

If Harry was truly destined to kill Voldemort, and there was no
definitive evidence that he was, Snape may not in fact be capable of
stopping him anymore than he was capable of stopping Voldemort. The
infuriating Gryffindor had survived countless obstacles at unbelievable
odds for years, and in the process had obtained magical and political
power. He had nearly succeeded in killing the Dark Lord once already.
What if he sided prematurely? He was caught in a very precarious
position between them.

Questions. Too many questions. He didn't know what to do. Had it really
only been a week ago that his biggest concern was the future of his own
genetic line? It seemed such a small and ineffectual matter, and yet
perhaps if the future was really so grim it should be of primary
importance. What if he did not survive? Who would carry on his legacy?
Ira if he could have his preference, but life rarely asked his opinion.

What if he was just turning into a paranoid loon? Maybe Dumbledore
cursed his office before he fled Britain. The years Lestrange had spent
here certainly hadn't improved her sanity.

He needed answers to two very basic questions before he proceeded to any
others questions concerning his future.

Was Harry truly born on July 31st as the Centaurian naming book
indicated?

And could Ira, in fact, be the future mother of his children?

Saturday was in three days. He would uncover the answer to both
questions then.

---

"She won't come out," Timmons said softly, as he descended the stairs to
the living room of the small town home they were currently borrowing. It
all looked sadly empty. Krum was lost to them, as was Fredricks, both
killed during the attack on Berlin or else in mortal peril that none of
them could save them from. Dumbledore and Tonks had arrived as
scheduled, and while their leader informed them of the sad turn of
events, she had gone up to one of the empty bedrooms and would speak to
no one. Timmons had heard her weeping, but he didn't think that was
something he should share with the others. She obviously wanted to
grieve in private. "I think we should leave her be for now."

Johan, for once, had nothing sarcastic or belittling to say. Phoebe,
likewise remained silent.

"This…" Dumbledore began, then stopped and shook his head. "I find
myself at a loss for words in this moment, at a time I know you all need
comfort and reassurance. I can find none that would not be an insult to
those we have lost."

"We don't know if they're dead," Timmons said quickly. "They're both
very clever young men. They still have a fighting chance!"

"Yes, indeed, they do," Dumbledore agreed, smiling sadly. "Please hold
onto that hope for us, my friend. I am afraid we are running short on
it. Matters have turned increasingly grave. I had not considered the
invasion of Berlin possible with it being so far from both Britain and
France. It would seem that the Dark Lord has made a secret alliance with
Poland, allowing Britain to flank both sides of Germany. If something is
not done, Voldemort will take Germany and make himself at home on the
mainland. I don't need to explain to you how vital it is that we prevent
that from happening."

"To hear people talk in Linz, it shouldn't be hard to gain Austria's
alliance. It's the bureaucrats holding things up, but with the invasion
of Berlin, they'll have to take a side soon," Johan said. "Italy hates
the Dark Lord. They're calling him the anti-Christ over there."

"Funny, they said the same thing about me at one point," the old man
said, trying at a bit of humor. It died rather ignominiously. "I am
going to return to Germany. Without a Minister or their Parliament, the
people will be in desperate need of reorganization. There aren't enough
Aurors there to protect everyone from an invading army, but if I can
convince the public of the imminent threat I may be able to organize a
civilian militia."

They nodded. Timmons looked up towards the ceilings.

"Will you take her with you?"

The old man's eyes closed and he let out a deep sigh. "No, not yet. Dear
Nymphadora has always been a woman to carry her emotions in extremes,
both the good and the bad. When the time comes, she will arise from this
tragedy more fierce and driven than ever, but that time is not now. Let
her grieve."

---

"We should offer a truce with the British. Just because they don't know
about our alliance with the Dark Lord doesn't mean we can't make one
with them now," Katarina suggested. She was sitting alone in the parlor
with Horace, the room devoid of illumination. They had cleared out the
smoke when it appeared the Culties were through with ransacking the
city. For now, everything was quiet. Too quiet for an 8:00 P.M. in a
city like Berlin, but not even the vampires felt much inclined to
merrymaking with the invaders hunting the streets for rebels. Her
children were scattered around the various windows of the hotel, looking
out for trouble.

Horace didn't even grace her with his usual glare. He simply continued
to nurse his glass of brandy, pretending he could actually see it even
though she knew he couldn't. "No. Grandfather will wish to maintain
absolute deniability. There's no way he'll associate himself with you
until the entire massacre fiasco is forgotten *or* he could convince
everyone that you were in *Frankfurt* instead of Berlin when the attack
happened. You'll all be slaughtered."

Katarina mentally sighed. Was he ever going to let that slide?

"Then what do we do?"

"We find the hub, deactivate the ward, and escape," he stated. She was
tempted to throw something at him to see if he would duck.

"It'll be heavily guarded, and even if you succeeded, the Aurors outside
would get in and slaughter your men. I doubt Grandpa would appreciate
that."

That earned a small, barely detectable smirk. Yes, progress!

"The wards can't be continuous. There are too many different types of
terrains around the city, some of them are even underground. We may be
able to take down a small and inconspicuous section for a short period
of time before the Aurors even notice. No harm, no foul."

She nodded, even though she didn't like the plan. It was too risky. The
hub would be heavily guarded by trained and armed wizards, and while her
own people were formidable, they were not invulnerable. They didn't even
know where the hub was and if they did, would Horace even know how to
work it without tearing down the entire system?

Also, there were more immediate concerns.

"My children will need to feed soon, as will I."

He glanced in her direction, his normal ruddy-brown eyes appearing
entirely red.

"Then you shall hunt. There are enough dead in the street that I doubt
anyone would question a few people going missing."

Well, perhaps m the situation wasn't *entirely*bad.

---

Harry kept himself hunched over his Herbology essay, determined to
ignore Draco's snickering from across the library table. It didn't help
that if he glanced out of the corner of either eye he could see both
Ginny and Hermione trying very hard not to smile.

"I can't believe you actually burnt off your eyebrows," Draco finally
said plainly, and both girls burst into giggles. He glared at them all.
His eyebrows, thanks to Pomfrey, were right where they were supposed to
be but no one in class seemed quite able to forget the incident in
arithmancy. How was he to know that just a drop of blood would have that
big of a reaction?

"Shut. Up."

---

The Detrimonius Age Potion was the most reliable and the most precise
age determining potion Snape had ever encountered, and also the most
difficult to brew. He had only done it once before during his university
days and afterwards had sworn never to attempt it again. It had seemed
like such a uselessly over specific potion (who cared if your birth was
off by half an hour?) and so difficult to brew he was convinced its
inventor a closet sadist.

However, if Harry was 'born as the seventh month dies' he would have
been born close to midnight. A half an hour could have him born in
either August or July. He had to be absolutely sure.

Time was not on his side. His duties stole away his daylight hours and
snatched greedily at his evenings, and the Detrimonius Age Potion
required time and concentration. He had taken to brewing it at three in
morning in order to make the timing just right, subsisting on catnaps
for the last three days. It did nothing to improve his disposition, and
certainly wasn't endearing him to his students any. McGonagall actually
had the nerve to call him a tyrannical ogre. To his face no less!

He hoped his lack of sleep was not reflected in the letter he had sent
to Ira, requesting to visit her. Perhaps it didn't matter. She had
written him back after all with her approval.

Snape dared a glance at the clock, before turning back to his potion.
Just after six. He was to meet Ira at seven and he was still in the same
clothes he had worn yesterday. He could rush his morning routine, but
rushing potions was an entirely different matter. She would forgive him
for being late, he reminded himself, the potion wouldn't forgive him for
being early.

He hovered motionlessly over the cauldron watching as the transparent
green fluid began to brighten ever so slowly. Five minutes passed. Ten.
Fifteen. And finally, it was just right. He stirred the potion
counterclockwise three times with a white elm twig and then clockwise
with a cedar twig six times. The potion became colorless.

He let out a sigh of relief, and carefully ladled out the potion into
six small vials, then separated the vials between his refrigerated
cupboard and the storage cabinet. After all the trouble he went through
to make it, he didn't want to ruin his work during a moment of insomnia
induced clumsiness.

He looked at the clock and cursed under his breath. Abandoning his lab
for his private quarters, he dug out some vials from his sock drawer and
downed them. The stubble he had been sporting promptly fell out and his
mouth tasted far too strongly of peppermint. Potions were delightful
things, but they could not yet replace the need for showers or the
regular replacement of clothes, which he did in record time. His hair
was still soaking when he stepped out of the castle and into the dark
chill of the November morning. A house elf had a horse from the stable
ready and waiting for him when he arrived and the sentinel at the
portcullis watched him suspiciously. He didn't dare rush his horse in
the dim light, and by the time he reached Hogsmeade the sun was just
starting to touch the tips of the tallest roofs.

The sentinel station was minimally manned so early in the morning, but
the sole guardian did his duty, checking Snape's identity and
authorization before letting him into the same room as their floo. He
was seven minutes late when he finally stepped into Chief Sentinel
Morgan's parlor.

The sun was just slightly higher here, and illuminated the room in a
soft yellow light. It was much the same as he remembered it from past
visitations. Dark wood paneling and large marble fireplace with a
hunting scene carved into suggested it had been designed with a man in
mind, but the predominance of artfully curved furniture, an over
abundance of pillows, and the half dozen vases filled with flowers
stated plainly that a woman ruled the roost.

"Severus? Is that you?" From the entry door, Ira made her appearance.
Her hair was down, something he hadn't seen before. It made her look
younger, he noted. He bowed politely to her.

"Good morning. Forgive me for my lateness."

She smiled weakly and gestured towards the small round table where a tea
set was already prepared for them.

"I know your time must be especially precious to you these days. Morgan
told me you had been promoted. Congratulations."

"Unofficially, I am afraid. All of the responsibility and none of the
respect. I can't complain, however. My pay has nearly doubled. And how
are things at the university?"

They took their seats across from one another. She looked at him
solemnly, as she poured him a cup of tea.

"I was fired."

He wasn't entirely sure what he should say to that. Then the slightest
hint of a smile tugged at the corner of her mouth. He glowered at him
for tricking him.

"I really was fired. Budget cuts. The funds are all being funneled
toward military and defense projects. Man-hunting butterflies apparently
didn't meet their standards of scary."

"I can't imagine why not." He poured a little cream into his tea.

An uncomfortable silence fell between them.

"It's good to see you again, Severus," she said finally. "I wasn't sure
if I ever would."

"Yes, I've had a lot to think about since our last meeting. I admit, I
didn't think I was going to see you again either for a time."

She looked down. "I'm sorry I deceived you."

He smirked a bit at that. "That is quite alright. As a Slytherin, I have
fine appreciation for deception. I didn't come here to make you feel
guilty, Ira. I want to tell you what I realized while I was thinking."

She looked up again, uncertain. He purposefully kept his expression
blank. It wasn't his intention to pressure her or intimidate her. If he
didn't have her full enthusiastic cooperation, none of this would be
worth it.

"I want you to be my wife."

Ira dropped her tea cup, causing it to shatter. Tea instantly stained
the table linen, then disappeared, charmed to remove any evidence of its
owner's clumsiness.

"I-" she started, her eyes wide and on the verge of panic.

"And I want you to be the mother of my children."

Her panic morphed into hurt. She had such an expressive face. There was
nothing she could hide from him, or anyone else for that matter, which
normally earned his contempt but right now he found it comforting.

"Severus, don't…" she said softly.

"I believe you want the same thing."

"I can't."

"I am not convinced it is impossible. I think you should get a second
opinion on your… condition."

"You have no idea what my condition is," she said, a hint of anger
seeping into her voice. "You have no idea what you're asking me to do. I
had the hope of a family crushed long ago, and I won't let you put me
through that again. I think you should leave."

She stood up, preparing to abandon him and his plan before even hearing
it. He took her hand as she passed, forcing her stop.

"Please, wait…"

Refusing to look at him, she tried to pull her hand away. He didn't
tighten his hold, but he didn't let go either. "Severus, don't. I know I
misled you, but I never intended to hurt you. What you're doing to me
now… it's beyond cruel."

"I know," he admitted, unperturbed. "But you're also playing at being
the damsel in distress, and frankly I don't think it suits you at all."

He caught her free hand just before it managed to make contact with his
face. She glared daggers at him, her eyes darkening in anger. Staring
back at her with his same cool, provoking expression he continued.

"Three hours. That's all I ask."

"Liar."

"And unrepentant." He let her go, and stood. "I have buried dreams
myself, Ira. Do not think you are the only one who knows the anguish of
resurrecting them. Right now, I'm hemorrhaging self-respect."

Her expression softened, then hardened again, then cracked. She smiled.

"How can you be simultaneously charming and abhorrent at the same time?"

"I don't know. Maybe you just find the abhorrent charming. Two hours and
forty-five minutes?"

She crossed her arms, but she didn't try to escape. That was something.

"And what *precisely* do you expect me to do?"

Half way there. He was very tempted to smile, but he didn't want to
frighten her.

"There is a medi-witch here in London. A woman with a… *unique*
specialty. Her primary practice is prenatal care and midwifery, but on
Saturdays she devotes herself to a different kind of patient."

"Patients like me? Who can't… un."

"You do realize we've both completed a college-level education? It's
okay to actually *say* all those naughty words."

"She sounds like a quack."

"Geniuses usually do. I've called around. She's very good. I took the
liberty of making you an appointment with her at eight."

She gaped at him. "You're shameless!"

"It's completely confidential."

"Oh god!"

"You don't need to be nervous. I'll go with you."

*"Oh god!"*

It took considerably more cajoling, arguing, and charming abhorrence to
finally convince Ira to go. Snape was supremely thankful that Morgan was
busy in Bristol and Mrs. Morgan was away on some sort of retreat,
because he didn't think he could survive the embarrassment of either of
them reporting some of things he had said to their circle of friends.
Nevertheless, he had succeeded. Five minutes to eight, he was escorting
her to a large town house on the upper east side, looking no different
from any of the other houses on the row except for the little sign
hanging in the front garden reading;

'Mothers-To-Be Midwifery; Medi-witch Juliana Jacobi'

A plump, middle-aged receptionist answered the door, and led them
inside. The entire bottom floor had been converted into a clinic. The
parlor served as the waiting room, the library as an office, and the
bedrooms as examining rooms. Ira spent several minutes filling out
forms, glaring at them hatefully every so often when the questions
became a little too personal.

"It's asking me if I'm a junkie," she said indignantly. Snape peeked at
her form, and smiled.

"It also asking if your chosen partner was ever diagnosed with a
venereal disease. I'll choose not to take it personally. The answer is
'no' by the way."

"Mrs. Beadle?"

They both looked up to a see a small woman with poof of white hair and a
mouth that was made for smiling. She was dressed in the familiar white
frock of a medi-witch, and had a file tucked under harm. Ira clutched
Snape's arm as if she expected to eaten.

"Good morning, dear," the medi-witch said pleasantly. "No need to be
nervous. We won't run any tests today. We're just going to have bit of a
chat. Get an idea of what you want. Would this be your husband?"

Ira blushed. Snape smirked. Jacobi smirked back.

"Ah. A libertine. Haven't met many of those since college. Hoo-ha, those
were the good old days. Follow me please, dear. Boy toys optional."

He had to lead a gaping Ira into the medi-witch's office, and quickly
sat her down in one of the chairs. She seemed to come back to herself,
along with all her embarrassment over being placed in this situation.
Things would have quickly descended into an awkward silence if Jacobi
weren't so skilled in ignoring it.

"Would you like anything to drink? You seem a bit nervous. I have some
peach schnapps in the cubby if you're interested. I know it's a little
early, but some things are best not discussed sober."

"Er…I… no thank you."

"Suit yourself. Now then, what exactly seems to be problem?"

Ira couldn't even begin to think of how to answer that. Snape frankly
hadn't a clue. All he knew was what she had told him and that wasn't
anything.

"Let's try this at another angle. Do you enjoy sex?"

The blush that followed could have stopped traffic.

"A lot of infertility is the result of underactive hormone production.
If you find you are not becoming aroused, this can affect conception."

"N-n-no, that's not…"

"I didn't think so either. Are you menstruating?"

Ira stiffened. Jacobi nodded knowingly.

"Have you ever menstruated?"

A nod.

"At the usual age? 12 or 13?"

Another nod.

"When did it stop?"

"…I think I'll have that drink now."

It took three shots before Ira could be coaxed into saying anything,
during which time her hand found its way into Severus'. It stirred in
Snape distant memories of his youth, when his mother lay in her sick
bed, weak and desperate not to be abandoned.

"It stopped after my husband poisoned me…" Ira said finally, listless,
staring out the window to the empty street outside. Something inside
Snape clenched. "…with my own birth control potion."

And the clench tightened until it became a stabbing pain.

"Why would you-" he started, but Jacobi held up her hand to silence him.
Ira went on as if she hadn't hear him.

"I didn't want him to hurt the children, you see? He hated children.
Hated women. Hated everyone really. He liked money though. And my family
had a lot of that. He used to work for my father as manager at one of
his mills. I don't remember what they made. His name was Winston."

She took another sip from her glass.

"Daddy thought he was a nice man. I don't know why. No one else thought
so. *I* certainly didn't think so, but he married me off to him anyway.
Said he was a strong, intelligent man and that everyone was jealous of
his ambition. Daddy was never very bright."

Her eyes were starting to glisten with tears, but she wiped them away
quickly.

"I wanted children," she said, turning to Snape, pleading with him to
believe her. "I really did, but… I couldn't… I couldn't bring them into
that house. I wasn't strong enough o protect them from him. So I started
taking a potion. You know, those little home-kit versions? Mix the
little blue vial with the little green vial once a week and take once
after eating?"

Snape had no idea what she was talking about.

"Oh, yes, I remember those," Jacobi nodded, "We used to hand them out
like candy before the war. Useful, but hardly discreet."

"So I learned. Winston found out. He did something to the vials. I
nearly bled to death… if it hadn't been for the house elf… Three months
in the hospital, too weak to move, and when I came out of it Winston had
divorced me, claiming I violated my marriage contract by taking
contraception, and ran off with my dowry."

"You never pressed charges?" Snape asked, unable to believe the man
could walk away from such a vile act without some repercussions,
especially if Ira's father really was rich.

"I couldn't prove anything. The medi-wizards said it was an accident.
That I stupidly took the wrong combination of potions too frequently.
Daddy believed Winston. What could I do with my own father calling me a
lying harlot? Oh god, I can't believe I'm telling you all of this."

"Neither can I," Snape admitted, rubbing her hand gently in his. His
mother always seemed to calm down when he did this.

"Mom divorced daddy after that. She couldn't forgive him for siding with
Winston against his own daughter. She tried taking me to some other
doctors, but they all said the same thing. That I'd… *ruined* myself
with the contraception. Withered my womb into nothing. No one could
help."

Jacobi came around her desk and handed Ira a handkerchief, giving her a
moment to come back to herself. She patted the younger woman on the
shoulder.

"There, there, dear. You've gone through quite the ordeal, but its all
in the past now."

Ira just sniffled softly.

"Alright then," the medi-witch said, taking her seat behind her desk
once again. "I'll have to perform some tests, but I think I may just be
able to help you."

\~ Author's Notes\~

Just for clarification, the Brass Culties are only attacking wizarding
Berlin. I had Oblitz state that the British had taken about 90 square
kilometers, which would be 2/3 of wizarding Berlin. All of Berlin
combined is about 890 square kilometers. So wizarding Berlin is about
1/8 the size of the entire city combined. If you're wondering what
muggle Berlin is making of all that smoke coming out of seemingly
nowhere, I'll get into that next chapter.

Now, as a friend of mine pointed out, some people might think that
witches and wizards ability to apparate would make the geographical
aspect of the superfluous, but that just isn't the case. Apparating may
make it simple for individual fighters to move around quickly, but when
it comes to moving entire armies it can't be relied upon. You can only
apparate to places you can picture in your head, and since the British
are not familiar with any of Germany the geography makes a huge
difference. Additionally, you also have to factor in the supplies you
would have to take with you for occupying a territory. Food, equiment,
weaponry, etc. Once a city is conquered, anti-apparition wards would be
the first order of business as well.

And yes, the prophecy exists in this story and has been effecting it
from the beginning. Does it apply to Harry? Next chapter.
