# Lords of War

Snape stared at the six vials of potions, flabbergasted by his results for the
first time since he had graduated university with his mastership in potions.
There was not an error. Three of the six vials showed the intended result;
names in silvery script floating in a solution of dark blue.

Severus Snape

Harold Potter.

Cedric Diggory.

He had collected a vial of blood from each of them, including himself,
presumably to use in a demonstration of blood curses in DA&D. Not entirely
false, but he had taken a few drops specifically to use in this experiment, as
controls to ensure the potion worked properly. And it obviously had.

Which left him wondering why the other three vials had turned black.

The Blood Identification Potion was a standard potion in both medical, legal,
and law enforcement fields and he was well familiarized with it. He taught it
to his Advanded Potion's students nearly every year.

Well, he had when he was actually the potion's professor.

And wasn't that just a bitch? Lestrange had had quite the gloat-fest when she
had handed down the Dark Lord's intention to substitute him with Slughorn. One
day he intended to get even by replacing *her* as headmaster, but that time
was not quite yet.

He needed to figure out who or *what* the Body Tree was growing at this very
moment in the secret room in his living quarters. He had a sneaking suspicion
it was a copy of Harry. It would explain why McGunny had helped the Germans
escape with the boy. Having the public lose track of Harry, and then replacing
him with a replica could serve any number of purposes, not the least of which
was getting close to Voldemort.

But the blood he had collected from the fetal 'fruit' had not revealed a name,
and in fact the corruption of the potion suggested it wasn't even human. Could
it be some human-like creature, a fae of some sort or veela? Or was it a copy
of a biological construct such as a golum? Maybe a being that started out
looking human and matured into something else like a changling?

If the thing possessing McGunny had not originally been human, it would not be
unreasonable to assume that the new body it was attempting to create for
itself would not be human either. Even if it intended the body to *look* like
a specific person did not mean it needed the person's exact internal body
specification. There were definite benefits to creating a body that was more
than human.

Confusing the hell out of Snape himself being one of them.

With a wave of his wand, he vanished the potion and all proof that he had
brewed it. He would need to perform more experiments to determine the
*species* of his current project, but not tonight. He had essays to grade.

He secured the supply cabinets and ingredient's cupboard, and stepped out of
his private laboratory. Lestrange had tried to deprive him of this too, but
Slughorn had insisted he keep it. For all that Snape resented his removal from
his potion's position he could not bring himself to resent his former mentor,
who had done much to foster his self esteem during his school years and even
now the man's positive regard acted as a balm to his wounded pride.

His rooms were still in the dungeons as well, but there had been no question
of Slughorn staying there. He enjoyed his creature comforts more than his
privacy, and was housed beneath the Ravenclaw dormitory. Yet even the
forbidding gloom of the dungeon's was not enough to ward of everyone, as was
evidenced by the envelope poking out the side of the portrait that guarded his
rooms.

He immediately noticed Draco's sharp, elegant scrawl and after a simple
revealing charm proved the letter devoid of magic, he grabbed the letter and
brought it in with him. The missive inside was simple and short.

*Uncle Severus*

*Mother would like to invite you to see a play next Saturday. Benjamin and Bailey*. Bring a date. – Draco*

Snape smirked. Narcissa, for all her class and breeding, lacked the ability to
extend invitations graciously or even courteously more often than not and
Draco had inherited her lack of tact. She was fortunate, however, that he
actually liked that particular play and that he could actually think of at
least one woman he wouldn't mind bringing along to see it.

---

"I swear if that…*girl* tries to slip one more article under my nose I'm
hanging her by her thumbs in the dungeon," Hermione snarled, throwing down a
stack of parchments on the table and taking her seat. Harry and Ginny, who had
been discussing the upcoming quidditch tryouts, blinked at her.

"Are you referring to any girl specifically or should all the resident females
fear for their auxiliary digits?" Harry asked. He grinned at her, pleased he
even managed a sentence that clever on the fly.

"Trudy Sabbat. Second-year Ravenclaw and know it all. She wasn't even a part
of the staff last year and when she joined she just *knew* she was the paper's
rising star. As if we have or need a star to begin with, the little snot."

Harry couldn't help but smile. Hermione was one of the most tolerant people he
knew, and even people she didn't like tended to get some sort of
rationalization. It took a rare soul to get her to spout out insults about
them.

"Don't laugh. She's convinced that her success rides on making you out to be
some sort of insane monster bent on over running the wizarding world with
werewolves."

"Oh, *her*," Ginny said, her eyes widening in recognition. "She came up to me
in the library and had the nerve to ask me if I'd made a pledge to you to
become a werewolf once I graduated. Of all the stupid things?"

That was funny too, but suddenly Harry couldn't bring himself to laugh.
Someone had tried to get into his trunk two nights ago, and when they failed
they settled for writing nasty things over it. Prior to that he'd had a
homework assignment stolen in the library while he was looking for more
research materials, and found it replaced with sheet of paper reading 'Traitor
To Your Species'. He would like to blame Whitmore, but Harry suspected it was
more than one person. There had been more than few hostile stares in the three
weeks Harry had been back in Hogwarts.

Why exactly had he thought coming home would be easier?

"She's not very bright for a Ravenclaw," Hermione admitted, "But she is
persistent. Eventually she's going to figure out she can't write a story
without facts, but she can write an opinion piece. I might have to print it to
keep from being accused of being bias. The first edition came out so
perfectly, why is everything turning into such a mess now?"

The first edition of the Hogwarts Herald had been a raging success, assuaging
the fears of many of the students that the paper would get dull after being
taken over by its new, bookish editor. Hermione had been a high-strung, yet
happy mess until the day it was handed out in the great hall. Now she was just
high-strung.

"The solution should be obvious, Granger."

"Ron!" she blurted, then cringed. She hadn't meant to use his given name in
public. He was looking as angry and irritated with the world as ever, arms
crossed with some parchments in his hand. He moved in set them on top of her
pile.

"I want to write the article before Sabbat does and embarrasses the rest of
us. I actually have some legitimate questions I'd like to ask Potter."

There was a glare directed at Harry, who just smiled back stiffly and raised
his glass to him. Meanwhile, Hermione was looking over his proposal, her
pinched features relaxing into interest.

"This is really good. Really *really* good. Do you think you could have this
ready by next Monday?"

"You can't be serious," Harry said. "I might not trust Sabbat to write a fair
article about me, but you want me to trust *him* to do it?"

Ron sneered. "Get over yourself. I'm not writing a story about *you*. I'm
writing a story about Proposal 4-66 and the treaty with France. You just
happen to be the only first hand source available."

"Which means anything negative you write about them reflects back on me. No
thanks."

"Harry," Hermione broke in. "A lot of people have very real concerns about the
influx of werewolves, and even if you don't share it, it doesn't make their
concerns any less valid. You have a responsibility to answer their questions
as best you can. Even if it makes you uncomfortable to do so."

"What she said, Potter."

Hermione glared at Ron. "And I will be present during the interview to make
sure the questions are on subject and not taken out of context."

"Whatever you say, luv."

Ron grinned cockily and strutted his way towards the Slytherin table. Harry
gave Hermione a dirty look, which she returned. "Don't be such a baby, Harry.
You've done this sort of thing loads of times, and you could do a lot worse as
far as reporters go. He always writes a well balanced article."

"Please, Harry," Ginny said, "Don't be stubborn about it? I know you and Ron
don't get along, but this might be just what he needs to snap him out of this
funk he's been in. A non-funky Ron *has* to be better than a funky one,
right?"

Harry chuckled at her description of her brother, but nodded in agreement.
They were all right. He did need to face the other students and their
questions. If he were lucky maybe it would stop the harassment he had been
getting. For once, he would just have to bow to the inevitable.

By the next morning he had managed to stir up some enthusiasm for the upcoming
interview. It couldn't hurt to work on an open dialogue with the rest of his
peers. If only to remind them that he was still Harry, and they could still
talk to him and not be ignored or dismissed. He missed a lot of the easy
banter he had held with his classmates and Dueling Club partners.

His optimism for the day was dashed, however, when Snape handed him letter
from his godfathers over breakfast. He read the letter. He read the letter
again. Then a third time.

"Harry, what is it?" Clyde asked, "You look like someone killed your dog."

"Huh," he laughed, wrung from the irony of his friend's words more than any
humor in the situation itself. "Sirius and Remus are going to France."

Clyde blinked. "Oh… Sorry, mate."

"Yeah…"

"Does it say how long they'll be gone?"

Harry shook his head, still trying to wrap his mind around the idea. It
shouldn't be that disturbing. It wasn't as if he would have been able to visit
them until next summer, and letters from France only took two or three days
more to reach him than those from the Goddess Colony. And yet…

Britain would feel a little less like home when they weren't in it.

According to the letter, it didn't sound like they would be back any time
soon.

He was distracted and depressed for the rest of the day, turning his toad into
fish rather than an ottoman (when precisely would that ever come in handy?) in
transfiguration and charming his tea set to electrocute rather than warm
beverages in charms. Hermione was even getting frustrated with him, until
Clyde tipped her off in Arithmancy, and then she became all quiet and
sympathetic which was worse in a lot of ways.

"Do you need to talk about it?" she asked during their study period together.

"No… I… I just need to get used to the idea. Maybe…" he paused, a thought
occurring to him. "There's something I need to do. I think you might be able
to help me with it, but not for a few days."

She asked him what he needed to do, but he wouldn't elaborate. She wouldn't
understand until he showed her. None of his friends would.

The next day was Friday, the evening of the interview. Ron had spent the last
few days going around the castle and asking people if they had any questions
they would like to ask Harry about Proposal 4-66 and the 1997 Treaty of Paris,
and had quite the list when they met in one of the abandoned classrooms.

Sensing they would be there for a quite a while, Hermione had transfigured the
desks into soft easy chairs and Harry brought up some snacks from the kitchens
(the castle house elves still regarded him as their hero and had been
tittering happily to themselves at his personal request). They made themselves
comfortable and got down to business.

"Who came up with the idea of Proposal 4-66?" Ron began.

"I did. Or at least, I suggested helping France with the werewolves they were
getting from Germany. Most of the actual plans were thought up by Lord
Voldemort, Fenrir Greyback, and Voices for All. Personally, I thought most of
their ideas were quite ingenious."

"And why did you make the suggestion? How did you even know what was
happening? Britain did not seem aware of the situation until a few days before
Proposal 4-66 was made."

"I had received a letter from a friend in France. This person was aware of my
connection to werewolves, particularly that my godfathers are werewolves and
that it was a werewolf family that helped me get back to Britain safely. The
letter contained a German article about the ministry attempting to round up
werewolf 'Death Eaters' conspiring with Lord Voldemort. It was all lies. Even
Stephen Canis, the werewolf who helped me, was painted as some sort of lone
rebel bent on toppling the government, when the truth was that he's just a
father trying to do what's best for his wife and children. When I realized
what was happening, and that they were using my escape as an excuse to
persecute innocent people, I went to Lord Voldemort."

The interview lasted for nearly an hour and a half, with only a ten minute
break for snacks and drinks, and it was by far the longest interview Harry
could ever remember doing. Ron insisted on asking every question he had been
given, everything from where the new colonies would be located (Ireland, where
there aren't enough wards to safely protect wizarding folk against the native
fairy population) to his belief in werewolf equality (equal, yes, the same,
no- who could they? They had completely different cultures) to granting
citizenship to non-British or Irish werewolves (no, once the colonies in
France are set up, they'll return there, unless they find mates and wish to
stay).

"Okay, last question," Ron said, his voice starting to go raspy with talking.
"There are several people of the opinion that taking in the additional
werewolves presents far greater risks than it does benefits. What would you
say to those people?"

"I'd say they're entitled to their opinion, but I hope they have something to
back it up, because I'm not too impressed with it right now. The same safety
features that have kept werewolves and humans from harming each other in the
last fifteen years are still in place, and the benefits from our decision to
aid the werewolves have led to a friendship with France, which can only help
us."

Ron wrote out his response in the short hand gibberish that only he could
interpret and snapped his notebook closed.

"That should be it. I'll write the article up Saturday. Front page stuff this
is," he said, waving his little notebook. Harry rolled his eyes and got up to
go.

"If that's all then, I think we should get back to our rooms. Curfew's almost
here."

"Actually, Harry," Hermione said, "I need to talk to Ron. About the paper. So…
you should probably go ahead without me."

He felt immediately suspicious, but didn't push. If she wanted to talk
privately with Ron, he wasn't going mother hen her. He wasn't Draco. He did,
however, linger for a minute behind the door. It didn't take long for the
conversation to start up again.

"I'm not going to talk about it with you, Granger. And stop calling me Ron."

"I'm not calling you Weasley, and I didn't ask you to talk to me about the
'it' you haven't defined. Unless 'it' is your article. At which point, I'll
talk to you about it as much as I want. That's the benefit of being the
editor."

"Playing dumb doesn't suit a know-it-all like you. Knock if off."

"I'm just worried."

"You're just nosy. I'm fine. Look at me, productive member of society, writing
for the school paper and not setting anyone on fire for a whole week."

Harry walked away after that, rolling his eyes. If arguing with Ron is what
she wanted, she could have it.

---
---

Snape glowered at the small package on his kitchen table, and considered
forgetting about it for the day. It had arrived at his breakfast table via owl
post, and even before checking the address he could tell its source by the
eager way Harry had watched the package land. He really did hate being that
boy's private postman.

He performed the usual curse detection spells and opened the package. There
was a spear head inside, wrapped in a piece of paper.

'For use in spell. Don't touch.'

What was that boy up to now? He put the spear head back in the box, careful
not to touch anything other than the paper. He'd give it to the boy later.
Maybe. After he found out what it was for.

He spent the rest of the morning in his lab, brewing potions to help him
identify the Body Tree fruit, which had developed from 'fetal' to 'infant'
with a healthy crop of fine dark hair. By three he was finished for the day,
and would not be able to continue his potions for another twelve to sixteen
hours. He set them aside, and headed above ground to one of Hogwart's many
towers. He found McGonagall already pouring herself a cup of tea and set
himself down across from her.

She always had her tea here, everyday at the same time, and while he didn't
always join her, he knew he could always depend on intelligent company for at
least an hour out of any day. She poured him a cup of Earl Grey, and a bit of
milk but no sugar, just as he liked it. He smiled his thanks, thin and
strained as it was. The tea set was Larousse's. It had been donated, along
with most of her belongings, to Hogwarts and Snape had made it a point to
instruct the castle house elves that it should only ever be used by McGonagall
or himself. He didn't think of it too much at the time, but he wondered now if
he hadn't been a touch mad when he done it.

"Hogsmeade weekend is next week," McGonagall said, skipping over the
pleasantries. Snape cringed, and shook his head.

"Has it really been that long already? I suppose I'm on gate duty this time."

"I'm afraid so. Lestrange really seems to have it out for you lately. I think
she's jealous that you got to go to Paris."

"I don't know why. It's a dirty city, everyone smokes, and the women all dress
like muggle hookers."

"By what you're describing it's possible that what you saw *were* muggle
hookers. Wizarding and muggle Paris are a lot more interconnected than
wizarding and muggle London. I hear the art district is nice."

Snape shrugged. He hadn't ventured far into that part of the city. He had only
stopped at a jewelry booth on his way to one of Paris' many historic libraries
when he had seen the beetle brooch and been reminded of Ira.

"I have a date," he said, now that he had been reminded of the woman.
McGonagall blinked at him, her honest surprise more than a little
unflattering.

"A date? With a woman?"

"I believe so. I've only ever seen her in a dress, although Ira is more
traditionally a man's name."

"Ira? She doesn't sound familiar."

"Ira Beadle. She never went to Hogwarts, but she must have done alright for
herself. She's a research assistant at the University of London. Entomology."

"Really? What's she like?"

Snape nearly smirked at her dubious expression. No doubt she had in her mind a
pure-blood intellectualist, Voldemort-approved, and greedy for Snape's
influence with Harry and the Dark Lord.

"A Hufflepuff if ever I met one."

McGonagall blinked. "You haven't imperio'd this poor woman, have you?"

"Amazingly enough, no. Something about a bachelor and an orphan living alone
together tugs at her maternal instincts, and I haven't been able to get rid of
her since."

"So you decided to go on a date with her in an attempt at reverse psychology?"
she asked, smirking herself now.

"Narcissa invited me to a play I actually liked on the stipulation that I
brought a date. No offense Minerva, but you're a bit old for me."

She chuckled into her tea. Severus was a strange, infuriating, funny man. Any
answer he gave you that was longer than 'yes' or 'no' was never straight or
un-mined. Conversing with him resembled dancing more than anything, and one
misstep sent you falling all over yourself.

Sometimes it was necessary to change the song.

"How do you like DA&D? I have to say I've never seen so many students afraid
to sit down in their desks in all the time I've taught here."

Snape tilted his head. "I see now that it's a good thing I was transferred.
Their knowledge is spotty at best. Too many teacher changes half way through
the semester, and Quirrel's been too lazy to do the job properly since his
supposedly last year of teaching. There's no discipline to it, and they've
forgotten almost anything useful they learned from Larousse and Obltiz. I
don't know how any of the previous seventh years managed to pass their NEWTS."

McGonagall nodded. She often wondered the same thing.

"Then it is certainly a good thing that you are there to guide them. I suspect
the knowledge to protect themselves will become increasingly important in the
coming days. I have to say, I'm particularly impressed with what you've
managed to pass on to Mr. Potter and Mr. Weasley. I saw them at the Junior
Dueling League Championship. They were both amazing. All of your duelists
were."

Snape acknowledged the compliment with a nod, inwardly pleased. McGonagall and
he had not been friends for long, but he knew she was hard to impress and
offered her praise sparingly.

"Speaking of which, what has Lockhart been up to? He's been avoiding me
lately."

McGongall took a sip of her tea to hide her less than polite smile, and set it
down again once she had regained her composure.

"Yes, well… I do believe he's rather afraid you'll ask him to step in for you
again, despite the fact that he was playing down his own defensive
capabilities in order to build up Mr. Weasley's self-confidence. Aside from
that, I suppose he's doing a pretty descent job. Most of what he does is show
his 'recruits' how to take care of their uniforms and perform drills so that
they look impressive. There's very little spellwork involved, and for that I'm
sure we're all grateful."

"Count our blessings, as the saying goes."

"Exactly so."

---
---

It took some convincing on Harry's part to get Remus' package from Snape. He
had to go from the Great Hall back to his dorm room and then back to the Great
Hall to get the book containing the spell he wanted to use the arrowhead in.
It had taken another twenty minutes explaining the basis of the ritual magic
and reassure the potions master that the spell was perfectly safe and would
not end up transforming him or anyone else in the school into pigeons.

It took some convincing, but he had it.

"What precisely are we doing?" Natalie asked, voicing the question all their
friends were wondering. "And where did you get a bucket of cow blood?"

Harry had asked his friends to help him with a spell, but it was the sort of
spell none of them had any experience with. It involved the Old Magicks, which
they only knew of from history books and fairy tales. Most of them were only
half convinced it would work.

But they were his friends, and they were curious. So Natalie, Hermione, Draco,
Clyde, Ginny, the Weasley twins, and Ron (because once he started following
them there was no shaking him) had helped him gather the supplies from around
the castle and followed him for nearly an hour out across the lake where they
would be assured their privacy.

"Did you know the house elves butcher most of the meat we eat?" he said,
glancing back at them to make sure no one had fallen behind. "They've been
very helpful. I never would have found half of this stuff without them."

"And what is all of this stuff *for*?" Ron snipped. He would have guessed Dark
Arts with the blood, but he had learned enough from DA&D to know most of their
supplies were perfectly harmless. Candles, white linen, mason jars of grains,
wine, and milk. They may as well be coming out to have a really weird picnic.

"A protection spell for my godfathers. I told you that already," he said, then
pointed to a spot a little ways in the distance. There was a rocky beach with
plenty of room for all of them.

"Why not just cast a protection charm on them and be done with it? Or give
them one of those protection relics are something?" Draco asked, perhaps the
most put off out of all them. He didn't own the sort of shoes this sort of
spelunking required.

"Too weak. Much, much too weak and they fade too quickly. I need to cast a
spell tailored specifically for them that will last over a year. One that
won't be canceled with a simple *finite incantatem. *Don't worry, Draco, I
promise I'll make this worth your while. You're going to get such a buzz from
this."

"So *that's* why you needed the mushrooms," Fred laughed, shaking his jar of
dull brown fungi.

"I am so not eating those," Ginny insisted.

"Don't worry, they're not for eating. They're an offering to Raecellos, the
God of Traveler's. He'll carry the spell to France once they leave Britain."

There was a moment of silence, and then Ron spat out, "Are you fucking
serious? You're a loon."

"If you really think so, you can go. You invited yourself along if you'll
recall."

No one said anything else as Harry had them help lay out the white linen for
his spell. They spread it out over the rocky beach and weighted down with
stones. Harry then stripped down to his pants and undershirt and had everyone
step back towards the edge of the trees. Out of all of them, only the Weasley
twins looked more eager and curious than uncertain and skeptical. It didn't
matter; Harry thought to himself, they would understand when they experienced
it themselves. He should have shown them last year, but at the time he had
been so concerned with other things and paganism had seemed more like a secret
club than a way of life.

He took his keystone from Hermione who had been carrying it and showed it to
all of them.

"This is my keystone. I've been storing up magic inside of it for months. I'm
going to use it to charge the cow blood with my magic. It will take the place
of my own blood."

The keystone had been set to absorb his excess magic, but it only took a
moment of intense concentration for him to reverse the flow. Immediately, he
could feel his magic flowing back into him and he could tell by everyone's
expressions that they felt it too. Quickly, he dropped it into the bucket of
blood, and watches as it rippled restlessly for several seconds, refusing to
settle with the steady current of magic pouring into it.

"Whoa."

Harry grinned at them. "You haven't seen anything yet."

He took the bundle of sage from Clyde and lit it, releasing a fragrant smoke
into the air. He spread it around the white linen, himself, and his friends.

"This will purify the area of malevolent energies that could influence the
spell. It also keeps several sort of spirits away."

"Spirits?" Hermione asked, "Like ghosts?"

"No. Like wraiths or unseelie fairies. We're so close the Forbidden Forest, I
have to be extra careful. I'd keep your wands ready, just in case."

They shared uneasy looks and brought out their wands. Harry grabbed a
paintbrush, twice the width of his thumb, and the bucket of blood and carried
it over to the white sheet. He dipped his finger into the blood then brought
it up to draw a line across his forehead.

"For concentration," he said, without looking at the others, then dipped in
his brush and applied it to the white canvas. The brush did not drip, the
lines were perfectly straight where he needed, curved where he needed, and
when he was done his diagram was more precise than anyone without a specific
spell should have been able to manage. This was no artistic skill on his part,
but the blood itself was now an extension of his will, and he had willed it to
be perfect. The diagram itself was three overlapping circles, a symbol for
eternity. From Ron he took the jar of milk, added a drop of blood to infuse it
with magic, then poured it out in a circle around the blood circles, and then
a little at its center. He drank the rest.

In the spaces between each of the lines of the circle, he began to spread out
his offerings of grain, wine, honey, mushrooms, fruit, three silver sickles,
three fishing hooks, and three small fish. Symbols of bounty all. All native
grown or forged, making them symbols of home. At the edge of the circle, three
short, fat white candles were set the exact same distance from each other and
remained unlit. At the very center of the diagram he placed two items. The
first was Sirius' fang and claw necklace, the one he had been given the summer
before his first year and the only item he had that was completely untouched
by anyone's magic but Sirius'. The second was Remus' spearhead, forged and
fished with by him personally for several years now.

Harry stared at his work for several minutes, double and triple checking to
make sure it had been put together perfectly, and then turned to his friends.
Their expressions were all the same now. The skepticism, uncertainty, and
curiosity had all been replaced with fascination. They didn't understand what
he was doing, but deep inside their magical core hummed and brought forth
instincts of ancient days before wands and textbooks, when even the most
powerful could only unleash their magic at the will of the divine.

"Whatever happens from here on out, you mustn't interfere. I'm not entirely
sure how this is going to look to you, but I don't want you to be afraid."

By now the sun was low on the horizon, and the shadows of the surrounding
trees had blanketed them in shade and the half moon rose pale in the sky.
Across the lake they could see distant towers of Hogwarts and the flicker of
torches being lit. Harry removed his shirt and set it aside, earning a gasp
from several of his friends. They all knew about the crescent mark tattoo, but
none of them had seen skeletal hand print that now surrounded it, courtesy of
one very irritated Dark Lord. He didn't think now was the time to explain (or
lie about) it. Natalie held the very last item that he required, and as he
stepped towards her she hastily drew out the carved wooden box. He opened it
and pulled out the sacrificial knife. Her eyes grew huge.

"What are you-"

"You'll see. Don't be afraid."

He turned his back towards them and stepped into the center of the diagram,
his feet straddling the necklace and spearhead. His keystone would ensure the
blood he was using counted as blood sacrifice, but a little pain was still
required. With the dagger he pricked the tip of first finger and held it over
one of the circle so that it would dripped down into it.

"I call upon Madris, The Queen Goddess of Home and Family, to alight upon me a
blessing of protection. Before thee I make an offering of my blood and the
bounty of my hearth. If this pleases you, I beg of thee a sign."

Around him he could see and hear and feel the stones along the beach rattle
and shake, and one of his friends gave a little shout of surprise. The candle
at the edge of the circle directly in front of him suddenly lit itself. One
blessing down. Two to go.

He turned himself to another circle and pricked another finger to bring new
blood.

"I call upon Rhiannon, Goddess of the Moon and Inspiration, to alight upon me
a blessing of creativity in the face of many difficulties. Before thee I make
an offering of my blood and the bounty of my hearth. If this pleases you, I
beg of thee a sign."

At the edge of the shore, a wave suddenly drew up and crashed against the
beach; bring water up to the very edge of the white linen, like a tide pulled
in by the moon.

The second candle lit.

He turned to the final circle and pricked his third finger.

"I call upon Raecellos, God of Traveler's, to bare these blessings to Sirius
Blackbone and Remus Slivermoon upon their journey and until such time as they
return to their native soil. Before thee I make an offering of my blood and
the bounty of my hearth. If this pleases you, I beg of thee a sign."

Raecellos apparently wasn't as into large gestures. Yet out of all of the
signs he had received, Bobby landing on his shoulder was definitely the most
startling.

"Little scrapper," Bobby laughed, ruffling his feathers. "You know you
interrupted a very interesting exploration of the Selkie Coves off Malin
Head?"

"Missed you too, Master," Harry hissed under his breath. He glanced at his
friends, but they didn't seem to realize the raven was talking. He looked back
towards the edge of the circle to see the third candle was lit. The ritual was
over. He had all three blessings.

"Well, back to France for me then," Bobby sighed. "I'd barely touched Ireland.
I hope you're happy."

"Ecstatic. Now off with you. You've got some blessing to deliver, don't you?
My godfathers are leaving tomorrow."

"Yes, yes, big hurry and all. You owe me one."

Bobby dove from his shoulder and onto the ground, were he quickly snatched up
a silver sickle from Raecellos' circle and flew off with it. Harry let out a
sigh of relief and stepped out of the circle. The evening air settled over his
skin, making him shiver and he quickly moved to redress. It wasn't for some
moments that he noticed that his friends were being awfully quiet. He turned
around and blinked.

They were crying. Shimmery wet trails fell down their cheeks, there eyes
staring at him with disbelief and amazement. He was stuned. Had this been what
he looked like to Voldemort when he had first felt the touch of the Earth? The
way he and Fleur had felt when they had seen the blessing* of unicorns?

"What's wrong? Are you alright?"

His words seemed to pull them out of their shock, and immediately hands went
up to their faces to wipe away the tears there and everyone avoided looking at
each other in embarrassment. Natalie pulled herself together first, and a few
sniffles later you wouldn't have known she had been crying at all.

"What was *that*? It felt all…. Weird. Tingly and weird."

"That's three gods dropping by to say hello. Well, them and one rather
obnoxious messenger. Is everyone okay? We really need to leave the area now."

"Why," Ron said, his voice still rough with emotion. "What's going to happen?"

Harry pointed towards the white linen piled with offerings.

"That all belongs to Them now. They'll send their followers to collect it here
shortly, and those tend to be fairies. Just leave it all here. I'll come back
tomorrow and pick the jars."

That got everyone moving quickly off the beach and back towards Hogwarts.
Harry followed at the rear, taking a moment to wash off his keystone,
forehead, and knife in the lake. He wasn't even completely out of sight before
he saw the first scavenger arrive, a deer-like animal as black as coal with
red antlers pulled itself from the shadows of the trees and began to eat of
the grain offering from the Rhiannon's circle. He didn't call the others back
see. He had no idea how safe they all were while painted in divine magic.

No one said anything on the walk back to the castle, and Harry was starting to
think he made a mistake in showing them this. He hadn't wanted to frighten
them. More than anything he just wanted them to understand this part of his
life that was so important to him, that had brought him home to them in the
first place. As they reached the edge of the castle portcullis, the sky now
sunless and burning brilliant pink and orange, Harry broke the silence.

"Someone say something."

As one, they all stopped and turned to him. There was no more tears, but their
expressions weren't entirely clear. Hermione stepped around the others so she
could stand directly in front of him. She looked pained and he felt his heart
clench.

"I had no idea," she said, "I knew you were a pagan, I knew you did magic that
was different than what we learn in class, but I didn't… I never even
*imagined* magic could be like that. It was so…so… *raw* and *organic*. And
you just…you were so in tune with it and… and…"

And her arms were suddenly around him, holding him tightly as her entire body
shook with tears all over again.

"You were so beautiful, Harry."

---
---

"Poor Bailey," Ira sighed, settling into the carriage seat across from Snape.
It was very nearly midnight, and while they had each enjoyed the play they
were now more than a little tired. Snape hid it well, but then being naturally
irritable had its advantages.

"I'm afraid I don't know what you mean, Miss Beadle. Bailey got the girl in
the end."

"Yes, but he could have gotten Agatha years ago if he had known how to give a
simple compliment. He would have had friends too. And maybe avoided being
accused of murder."

Snape smiled at this.

"Do you think his life would truly have been any better? He was not a pleasant
person, but he was an honest one and he wanted others to be honest with him.
Agatha couldn't have appreciated his honesty until after Benjamin betrayed
her. She wasn't mature enough for him yet. Likewise, if he had made friends
like Benjamin did he would soon be disappointed by them. Did you not see how
quickly Judge Kendell and Arietta turned on Benjamin when they realized the
compliments he had given them were fake?"

Ira thought about what he had said, and felt a smile growing.

"You are a real Bailey, aren't you? That's why you like the play. He's just
like you… and still gets the girl in the end."

Snape snorted.

"I assure, madam, I am both Benjamin and Bailey. I'm unpleasant to be around
for the honest and dishonest alike."

"I like being around you," she said.

"Well, then maybe I'm a Benjamin, and you just don't realize what you've
gotten yourself into."

"I don't think so. I've known a Benjamin in my time, enough to appreciate a
Bailey."

"Do you fancy yourself an Agatha?"

She ducked her head. "No, I'm not pretty enough to be an Agatha. Maybe the
barmaid... just not as buxom."

Snape chuckled. The barmaid had been one of the funniest and most jaded
characters in the play, refusing to be charmed by Benjamin or anyone else for
that matter. He was feeling uncommonly relaxed. He'd had a wonderful evening,
even with Lucius throwing thinly veiled barbs at him about Lestrange and
Narcissa's obvious disappointment in his choice of dates. Ira had been
charming and witty, any associated arrogance muted by her nervousness to be
dressed to the nines in a demure but tasteful black evening dress. He felt
strangely pleased to see she was wearing the brooch he had given her, the back
clasp transfigured so that she could use it to pin up her hair. She had a very
graceful neck, he noted.

"I'd like to do this again," he found himself saying, completely unplanned. He
waited for the usual feeling of regret when he spoke without thinking. He
noticed her stiffen, and felt the urge to kick himself.

"You mean see a play?"

"I mean, go on a date," he clarified, figuring since he had mucked things up
already he'd do the Bailey-thing and bury himself with his own honesty. A
blush stole its way across her face, and he wondered if he hadn't completely
overstepped his bounds after all, when the carriage came to a stop in from of
her flat.

"I… I really don't think that would be a good idea, Professor," she said
quickly and scurried out of the carriage without waiting for the driver to
open the door for her. He watched her entire escape from his seat, saw her
stop twice as if she were going to turn around and rush back, but eventually
she passed through the front door and disappeared.

"Well, that went just splendidly," Snape sneered to himself. "It could have
been worse I suppose. She could have said yes and I would have had to put up
with this lunacy on a regular basis."

She had wanted to say yes. He could tell that much, but that didn't illuminate
her reasons for refusing. Maybe she really was a man. Maybe she was seeing
someone else. Snape snorted and rolled his eyes. It didn't matter. This was
their first and last date, and since he had enjoyed it for the most part it
wasn't as if the evening had been wasted.

Just unpleasantly concluded.

There was always tomorrow. Stupid bloody optimism.

---
---

*What are you doing?*

Tom frowned behind his mask, but gave no indication to the vampires, two on
either side of him, that anything was wrong. He stood on the roof of a town
house and stared down coldly at the domicile across the street. It was nearly
midnight, and this far into October the air was cold and damp. He could feel
his excitement growing, and perhaps that was what had roused Horace from his
sleep in the quiet corner of his mind. He tried to gentle push the boy back
into the world of dreams, but now that Horace was awake he resisted.

*What are we doing here? Why are they wearing masks?*

He could not answer him, not with the Katarina and her minions standing on
either side of him, waiting for his signal to start. He wished he could
though, knowing the truth might be enough to send the boy scurrying into the
shadows to hide from what was about to happen. To hide from what he had made
possible by going the Ministry of Magic and pulling the information he needed
from the Department of Public Records.

It really was amazing the information you could find just lying around. Names,
occupations, criminal histories… addresses.

"Now?" Katarina asked, her expression a mystery behind the full white Venetian
mask but her voice thick with impatience..

"Midnight. Not a minute before and not a minute after. We cannot give the
Aurors time to gather themselves and-"

A bell rang, deep and low, through the night. Tom stiffened, and so did
Katarina. He turned back to the house and with a few violent slashes with his
wand, wordlessly destroyed the house' protective wards.

"Now. Quickly."

If vampires were anything, it was quick. Katarina leaped off her perch and
landed lightly onto the house across the street, her brood following closely
behind. From here they looked like dementors, their black cloaks floating
behind them as they ghosted over the rooftop. It only took them five seconds
to find the unlocked window and slip inside.

*What are they doing?*

"What do you think they're doing?" Tom whispered.

The silence that followed was answer enough for the both of them.

"You should go back to sleep, Horace."

*Why are you doing this?*

Tom closed his eyes. If he listened very closely, he could hear panicked
shouting but it only lasted a moment. When he looked up, he could see the full
moon staring down at him, yellow and wicked. He smiled.

"This is what I do, Horace. I tear things apart so that I can build them anew,
better than they were before. You don't have to understand it, but you would
do well to respect it."

*Monster.*

"Yes, now be quiet. It's almost over."

He felt Horace attempt to push him back into the darkness, but it was weak.
His host had grown complacent, giving him too much power at night and now he
could not take it back. If he wanted to, Tom could steal his days as well, but
that sort of continuous concentration was more than he was willing to pay for
a luxury he didn't need. Eventually, Horace gave up, but he did not retreat.
Perhaps he was waiting for a moment of distraction on Tom's part or even to
see exactly what atrocity had been committed below them.

It only took three minutes for Katarina to complete her mission and return to
his side. Her mask was painted in blood. Tom spared her cool grin.

"Did you enjoy yourself, my Lady?"

She gave her answer by lifting a bloody finger beneath her mask sucking it
clean.

"Charming," Tom muttered, and apparated back to Vampire Row. He intended to be
there when the other minions he had sent out returned to report their
mission's outcome.

---
---

"She's pretty flashy for a wallflower," Natalie groused, glowering at Ginny
Weasley as she flew circles around the pitch, attempting to catch the Snitch.
Harry was in his usual top form, but though Ginny lacked his flying precision
she was an aggressive flyer and had kept him from grabbing the Snitch twice.
They had been going at it for nearly twenty minutes, and she was starting to
get anxious about the outcome. There was no way Harry could ever lose to a
nobody like Ginny.

"It must be that new boyfriend of hers, I think that's him over there. She
just wants to impress him."

That consoled Natalie, but only a little. It had been a little over a week
since Harry had shown them the true strength of his magic down by the lake,
and she was feeling decidedly territorial over him. Hermione had been right.
Harry had been beautiful, his power flowing over them like a warm bath even as
the scarier magic of something else had cackled in the air like unborn
lightening. For a few brief moments, Harry had been more than himself, a
representation of something magnificent and untouchable and powerful, like a
phoenix in rebirth. He had glowed with benevolent magic.

For the briefest moment she had thought him an angel.

And wasn't that a sacrilegious thought considering?

They had been too shocked to react immediately after, but as the days passed
the surprise faded and was replaced with a renewed sense of affection. Harry
had been magnificent, but in the end he had looked at them with those wide
green eyes that just begged for their acceptance. It wasn't hard to give. In
fact, it was probably a lot easier than it should have been.

She was getting rather fed up with competing with the rest of his friends for
his attention. Even Ron was being nicer to him…well at least he wasn't as much
of a jerk. In fact, he was the one she was most irritated with. Not only was
he being friendlier (sort of, in a Ronnish way) to Harry, he had written that
article for the Hogwart's Herald that had boosted Harry's popularity all over
again so that everyone and their cousin was trying to talk to him during meals
and in Dueling Club and the hallways and in the bloody bathroom about the
silliest things like whether his French source was that gorgeous Fleur girl or
the Queen herself!

She could hate Hermione instead, but there was something about Ron that was
just so satisfying to hate. Harry was less likely to hold it against her too.

A loud shout drew Natalie out of her sulking, and Draco was already out of his
seat and rushing towards the edge of the platform. She hurriedly followed, and
felt a bolt of panic when she couldn't immediately spot Harry.

"What happened?"

"Ginny hit the pole and fell off her broom. Harry tried to catch her but got
hit by a bludger and fell too."

They quickly climbed down the platform and made their way onto the pitch where
the rest of the players and audience was now flocking. They were closer than
most of them, but not quite fast enough to stop what happened next. Harry was
crouching beside the youngest Weasley, holding her hand, and didn't appear to
have been hurt.

"Oh, God, what is Lockhart doing?" Draco groaned, watching with growing
trepidation as the man lifted Ginny's shoeless foot. They didn't hear the
spell he cast, but they did see the result. Ginny's entire leg suddenly became
as limp as a noodle. She let out a ear piercing scream, which sent both
Lockhart and Harry into a panic. The admiral lifted his wand in an attempt to
fix his mistake, and Harry dropped Ginny's hand and used his wand to blast
Lockhart several feet across the field. Natalie gaped, not sure whether she
should laugh or scream. This was getting very bad, very quickly.

At least Ginny stopped screaming, and had settled on whimpering instead.

"Oh bloody, fucking hell," she moaned, staring at her useless leg. Someone
reached out to poke it and she gave them a look that promised instant death.
Harry gave her an apologetic eyes, which she ignored. Professor Grimms, who
had been standing on the sidelines, finally reached them. He gave Ginny's leg
a weird look but assured her it was completely fixable, and then went to check
on Lockhart.

"Gin?! Ginny?! Are you alright?"

"Gerry?"

"I'm here, luv. Sorry, I was on the other side of the field. How do you feel?"

She tried to smile at her boyfriend but it came out as more of a grimace.
"Well, it doesn't hurt anymore. Lockhart didn't lie about that."

Natalie had to fight back a chuckle. It was awful and mean, but it was damn
funny too. Harry, however, was looking horribly guilty. She best get them all
sorted out before this turned into a teenage angstfest.

"St. James, why don't you take Ginny-"

Before she could even finish her sentence the Weasley twins appeared on the
field with a stretcher and quickly shuffled her onto it, then carried her off
the field.

"What a way to start the season, little sister," Fred said cheerfully.

"Nothing to worry about, though. Harry got that bad, bad man," George laughed.

Gerry, however, didn't agree. "It's Potter's fault she was knocked off her
broom in the first place!"

Harry grimaced, following the procession off the field towards the infirmary.
Behind them, Grimms was pulling a dazed but otherwise unharmed Lockhart to his
feet.

"It wasn't his fault I couldn't make the bloody turn," Ginny snapped, at her
boyfriend. "I knew better, but I tried it anyway, and then he got hurt trying
to save me. How's your arm, Harry?"

"Just a bit bruised."

"What a minute!" Gerry protested, "I *saw* him. When he turned he knocked you
into the post with his foot!"

Several eyes turned to him at once, wordlessly warning him about continuing
that train of thought, and he kept him mouth shut until they reached the
infirmary. Ginny's prognosis was good, but she was in for an unpleasant night.
Gerry glared daggers at Harry the entire time. Madam Pomfrey gave Harry a pain
potion and some salve for his arm, and released him to the care of his friends
while Gerry and the twins remained behind to keep Ginny company. Harry left a
message with George that he would be back to visit when her boyfriend wasn't
hovering, but otherwise was completely silent.

"So what happened exactly?" Draco asked as they made their way towards the
Great Hall. Harry ducked his head in embarrassment.

"I didn't mean to knock her into the pole. She was hovering so close to me I
sort of freaked and kicked the end of her broom to put some distance between
us, but she ended up veering. Shit, I didn't mean to get her hurt."

"We know that," Natalie said, "And so does Ginny. Quidditch is a rough game
and accidents happen. It's not your fault."

"Well, technically," Draco contradicted, "It's illegal to kick or punch
another player or their broom in Quidditch, so you've probably lost your spot
of the team this year."

"Shit… I suppose I deserve that after putting Gin in the infirmary."

"Oh please, Lockhart's the reason she's stuck in the infirmary. Don't beat
yourself up over it. It's kind of annoying."

In typical Harry fashion, their Gryffindor friend brooded the rest of the
afternoon over what happened. It didn't help that news had already spread
about Ginny's fall, and the story had already mutated several times to include
Harry intentionally shoving her into the pole and breaking her leg. Draco and
Natalie had *forced* him to remain in the Great Hall playing cards with them
and pretending nothing was wrong. Hiding would only serve to imply his guilt.
So he stuck it out, trying not to flinch or glare at those who stared and
whispered as they passed. Eventually, apathy settled over him and he while he
couldn't gain any enthusiasm over cards, he could ignore the extra attention.

That is until McGonagall stalked into the Great Hall looking for him.

He very nearly bolted, but quickly realized how stupid that would look.
Instead, he just sat beside Natalie and tried to look contrite. The
transfiguration professor spotted him quickly.

"Mr. Potter, if you would follow me please?" she said seriously, and escorted
him from the Great Hall. Natalie squeezed his arm comfortingly, and watched
him disappear.

---
---

"I swear, Professor, it was accident!"

McGonagall looked back at Harry in confusion. "What are you talking about, Mr.
Potter?"

"Ginny and the quidditch tryouts… isn't that why you're here?"

"Heaven's no. I talked with Ms. Weasley earlier. It was obviously an accident.
As for what happened with Admiral Lockhart, however…"

Harry cringed. He had nearly forgotten about that. Hexing a teacher had seemed
a small issue in light of hurting his friend, but now he realized how much
trouble he really might be it.

"…we'll consider that an act of defending your friend just this once. There's
no telling how much more harm he would have inflicted if you hadn't stopped
him."

He released the breath had been holding. "Thank you, but if that's not why
you're here than why did you…?"

McGonagall's dismissive attitude vanished, replaced by a hard expression. The
change in demeanor caught Harry off guard, and he stepped back instinctively.
It wasn't until he nearly ran into a familiar suit of armor that he realized
they were heading towards Voldemort's office.

"He's back? The Dark Lord, I mean?"

"Yes. He arrived about half an hour ago and demanded the Headmistress'
presence and then Professor Snape and yours. I am afraid I don't know what
it's about, but it appears very serious. He was definitely agitated."

Harry nodded, and tried to think what could be bothering the Dark Lord. He
hoped it wasn't something he had done personally, like the protection spell
he'd done last week, but at the same time he was afraid of what anything more
serious might mean. She escorted him the rest of the way, but left him at the
entrance. She had not been invited and more than likely she didn't want to be
there. He entered the office and found himself the last to arrive.

Voldemort stood at the window, his expression sour and his fists clenched.
Snape was in his usual spot, leaning against the door and Lestrange had taken
residence on the sofa. Harry couldn't help but note that they had both
positioned themselves as far away from the Dark Lord as possible. He made it a
point to stand in the middle of the room.

"What's happened?"

Voldemort turned away from the window to glare at Harry, but the brat just
glared right back at him and waited. Lestrange made an involuntary hissing
sound that could either have been anger or surprise.

"I have just received word of attacks in Germany. Attacks Minister Seibligg is
blaming on werewolves and myself, which would be all well and good except I
have no idea what he's talking about."

"Attacks? What sort of attacks?"

"Twenty two Ministry officials and their families slaughtered in the middle of
the night during the full moon. All of the officials worked in the Berlin
offices and all of them were killed within ten minutes of each other. The
current death toll is thirty seven, but it's likely higher. The Aurors are
apparently having difficulty adding up all the body parts together."

Harry felt suddenly dizzy, and quickly moved himself into the nearest chair,
which happened to be in front of Voldemort's desk.

"Merlin…"

"Yes," Voldemort agreed solemnly. "It's an obvious act of war, but not one
that I authorized. Who ever did this is well organized and intelligent, but
self-serving. Rebel werewolves are the most likely culprits, but they had to
have had outside resources. They don't have the freedom of movement necessary
to organize this sort of thing, especially not now."

"Aside from the violence," Harry said, trying to shove aside any horrific
images that tried to fight their way through his imagination, "Why do they
think it was werewolves? Why do you? I doubt the Ministry has a short supply
of enemies."

Voldemort nodded his approval over the question, and explained.

"Over a quarter of the officials made up a part of the campaign to hunt down
the supposed 'Death Eater' werewolves. In fact, aside from the Aurors who did
the actual grunt work, all the primary organizers are dead."

Harry fell silent, and closed his eyes. He would like say he didn't believe
it, that the werewolves were incapable of slaughtering entire families, but
deep down he knew better and even understood. They had been pushed and pushed
and finally cornered, and when they finally retaliated it was deadly.

"I needed you to be aware of the situation," Voldemort continued. "There are
still werewolves coming into France from Germany, and there will more than
likely be several who were involved in the attacks coming through seeking
refuge. The Germans are going to make a royal stink of it, and try to earn
sympathy from their neighbors by painting Britain as the nasty bully who
smacked them and ran away. There will be questions about whether we can
justify the sheltering of potential terrorists, and I will need you to be
prepared to face them."

Harry nodded. He didn't have a choice. Some werewolves had done something
awful, but a majority of them didn't deserve to be punished for it. He didn't
honestly know if all the werewolves who had attacked the officials deserved it
either. In a way, it had been self-defense in a war the Ministry had started.

"Good. Voices for All will be sending a representative this evening to discuss
the stance you want to take on these attacks. Professor Snape will supervise.
We will likely meet again in the next few days."

He nodded again and stood, recognizing the dismissal. The weight of the world
was bearing down on him, but he squared his shoulders and went to face it.
When he was gone, Voldemort turned to his other two servants.

"Seibligg's previously tenuous political hold has now been reaffirmed, his
stance against the werewolves and myself vindicated. The opportunity for
attack during a moment of political unrest has already passed. Seibligg will
use the national outrage to launch an offensive attack against us and further
entrench himself in military and political power. I am in a rather unfortunate
position. If I attack before him, Germany will gain the sympathy of its
neighbors and even Queen Ophelia will have reason to question my motivations.
If I wait for us to be attacked first I lose face and the confidence of my
people, as well as face potential losses."

"My Lord," Lestrange said, "It would seem a wiser course to wait and be
attacked. Yes, you may lose some public favor, but it will galvanize them in a
fight against the Germans. You can easily regain public confidence during your
retaliation and be justified in the eyes of Britians and Europeans alike."

Voldemort nodded. He had been thinking the same thing as well. He turned to
Snape who didn't look too pleased with the idea.

"Anything to add, Severus?"

The potions master hesitated, but nodded.

"If at all possible… I would use your military force to intercept any attack
here or in France. It may not galvanize the public fervor like the burning of
a fort, but we will still have enough justification to retaliate against
Germany and likewise would demonstrate your military strength and foresight.
Once the war is in full swing, there will be plenty of opportunities to
demonize Seibligg and his army of Aurors."

That was also a good idea, but dependent on his own admittedly limited spy
network in Germany. It might be worth the effort though. It would be best if
he didn't loose any of his new forts in France or one of the wards in Ireland
that protected England and Scotland if it could be helped.

"I will take your words into account, but I did not summon you here simply to
ask your advise. Like I said to Potter, I need you both to be prepared for
what is to come."

Snape and Lestrange shared an uncertain look, but quickly re-focused on their
master.

"Hogwarts has always been a symbol of the glorious youth of Britain, and with
Harry's growing fame in the national arena more attention than ever is being
directed here. When the time comes I intend to use this school as springboard
for a few of my more ambitious projects, primarily the use of public schools
to help supply my army and supplement national security."

Lestrange frowned, "My Lord, we are you servants and will do whatever you ask,
but I'm not exactly sure what it is you are actually asking of us."

"I'm asking you to do exactly what you did last semester. Your use of the
students to create and install those gargoyles not only increased the security
of the school, but saved several hundred galleons in the school budget. I
would like you to set up similar programs that will benefit the army. The
creation of medicinal potions for the military hospitals and charming uniforms
to remain clean for example. Simple things that will save tax payers billions
in the long run and create an air of patriotism amongst the students.
Establishing such programs here will inspire others schools to do the same."

---

Benjamin and Bailey is a wizarding play, the plot premise being two wizards
after the same witch. Benjamin is a wicked trickster, but appears good and
kind because of his friendly and complimentary manner, and Bailey is good and
honest, but comes off as cruel because of his sharp words and uncompromising
disposition. They are both interested in the local judge's daughter, Agatha,
and each pursues her in their own way. It's a story about character vs
appearances, and it's something of a dark comedy.

A quick reminder. Raecellos is Bobby's patron god. It's why Bobby explores so
much and knows all these secrete routes, so that he can lead travelers to
safely or help them find a place or take a short cut. Raecellos is a god in
Madris' court, but sometimes it's safer to ask for one favor per god than two
favors of one god. Also, three is a sacred number, and Harry's repeated use of
threes adds power to the spell. Raecellos is not one of Harry's patron gods,
merely a god he is making use of at the moment. This may or may not change in
the future.

A herd of unicorns is apparently called a blessing. I honestly didn't know
this until last week.

Also, Tom's attack on the house did not occur on the same night of Harry's
ritual and Snape's date, but about a later. The clues are timing clues are
subtle so I thought I'd clarify for those who missed them.

Also a reminder, Ginny's boyfriend is Gerald St. James, and she calls him
Gerry.
