# The Prince's Lament

The moment Luna was pulled from his arms, Harry was dragged away to the
nearest available room by Snape and stripped of his bloody clothes as
well as the blood itself with several very unpleasant cleaning charms.
The blanket he was given was warm, but not enough for someone already
nearing hypothermia and with no shoes to fight the icy chill of the
floor, but the potions master refused to get him anything else until he
checked underneath his fingernails and his hair and every possible place
Luna's infected blood might be hiding.

"Nothing got in your eyes, nose, or mouth?"

Harry just stood there, shaking like a leaf, and unable to speak. Who
all was dead? What had happened at the werewolf colony that sent Luna to
his front door and in such a state? Could another werewolf have done
this to Luna? Was it wizards? He had to know.

"T-t-too-too c-cold."

Snape glowered at him, but dragged him out of the room and towards the
infirmary. Several teachers watched them as they passed, but they said
nothing as Harry stumbled half blind down the halls and up the stairs.
He nearly fell twice, his legs just collapsing beneath him, but Snape
caught him both times and finally put his arm around him to support his
weight.

In the infirmary, Pomfrey was busy treating Luna, hidden behind a
privacy screen. The medi-witches normally immaculate white apron was
splattered in blood and she was wearing surgeon's mask, gloves, and
goggles for protection. The potions master didn't disturb her from her
work, but set Harry on the farthest bed, handing him hospital pajamas to
change into and sorting through the potions cabinet himself for
something to warm the boy up.

When he turned back around, Harry was gone.

"Typical," he muttered.

---

Tricking Snape into thinking he was too weak to move on his own had been
simple enough, but escaping the hospital wing *and* reaching Gryffindor
Tower *and*getting everything he needed was another matter altogether.
He might not be about ready to collapse but he was tired and the halls
were crowded with teachers who would question why he was running around
in nothing but a blanket. Secret passage ways and short cuts only went
so far, and then he had to rely on magic and his wits, neither of which
was reliable with his abysmal eyesight, shaking hands, and sleep
deprived brain.

He did make it though. He suspected Raecellos would be expecting an
offering of thanks pretty soon.

Stumbling into the Common Room, it was the usual chaos that greeted him
after a misadventure. Friends and gawkers alike, trying to crowd around
him and demand answers.

"Harry, are you alright?!" Hermione said, throwing her arms around him,
while the nearly forty or so other students hurled questions at him.

"How did you tame the werewolf?! That was a werewolf, wasn't it?"

"How did you know it was out there?"

"Where are your clothes?"

"Why aren't you in the infirmary? Weren't you bitten?"

"SHUT UP!"

The crowd leaped back, including Hermione, and he pushed passed them and
towards the stairs, running as fast as he could manage, his hold on his
blanket and his wand tenuous at best. Once in his dorm room, he dropped
the blanket altogether, and threw open his trunk, pulling on the first
things his hand touched and then some warm outer wear after extra
consideration. From a hidden compartment built into the side of his
trunk, he pulled his invisibility cloak.

"Harry, what are you doing?!" Hermione cried in alarm, storming into the
room, and followed shortly after my Clyde, the Weasley twins, and half a
dozen others. He ignored her question, and reached under his pillow,
pulling out his keystone. It did not have a lot of magic stored in it
after the protection ritual, but it would have to be enough to get him
where he needed to be.

"Mate, calm down! What's this all about? Shouldn't you be in the
infirmary? You're practically blue!" Fred said, grinning like usual, but
it was strained, placating. Like he was talking to a crazy person. Harry
ignored him, and slammed his trunk shut.

"*POTTER!*"

Everyone jumped and turned to the open door at the sound of Snape's
voice carrying through the tower. Not half a second later, the man
himself stalked in, his face twisted in anger.

"Where is the little gnome?" he demanded.

They all turned to indicate Harry's presence by his bed, but he had
disappeared without a trace.

---

*That was too close,* Harry thought as he slipped through the open
portrait. Everyone was so busy staring up that stairs at the rampaging
professor they didn't even notice when it opened and shut on its own. He
ran down to the main floor of the castle. He tried the first window he
could find, but a shock ran down his arm when he tried to force it open,
so he continued for the main entrance.

It was too late.

The door had once again been sealed, and now McGonagal stood as a sentry
before it, staring up and down the corridor with piercing eyes. Snape
had worked fast. The castle was sealed. There was no way out.

---

"Well?" Lestrange hissed at her long time competitor, feeling a mixture
of frustration and joy at Potter's latest stunt. It would likely cost
Snape his job, possibly his life, but it might end up having some
unpleasant consequences for herself as well. The over grown bat looked
far less concerned for himself than she would have liked. She wondered
if he had found a way of blaming her.

Snape sneered, but his voice was as smooth and silky as ever. "If you
have done your job and sealed all possible exits, then he will not have
had time to slip out. It is only a matter of tracking him down. He may
turn himself in when he realized he won't be rushing to anyone else's
rescue today. The infirmary will be his first stop, most likely."

She sneered herself, but it wasn't at Snape. The idea of a werewolf in
her castle set her nerves on end, but there was nothing she could at the
moment. Voldemort would want to interrogate it. As soon as it was
stable, she would have the Court take it off their hands.

"I've done my part. The doors, windows, and all the towers with open
access are sealed. No one is getting in or out until he's found, which I
recommend you doing very *quickly*."

Snape nodded, then stopped.

"Doors, windows, and towers…" he murmured, his frown slowly deepening.
"Headmistress… did you remember to seal the dungeons as well?"

"Why would I seal the dungeons? There no way to get out…"

Her eyes widened. Snape let out a groan.

---

Harry followed the basilisk through the dank, narrow tunnels, shivering
in the chill and cringing every time a sopping wet root hanging from the
ceiling brushed his forehead or neck. The newest basilisk was only a few
years old, and just a little larger than Inana. It was considerably more
talkative, however.

*I've never had a visitor before. Except for the rats, which are very
yummy, but aren't very funny. Well, it's knid of funny when they get
frozen in weird positions, but that makes them hard to swallow which
isn't funny at all. I wish I had someone to talk to though. It got very
boring down here after I got done exploring all the tunnels. Not that is
isn't nice, because it is. Lots of room and food and swimming pools, but
awfully quiet.*

Harry didn't say anything, concentrating on not tripping over the debris
in the tunnel which was nearly invisible. Thermal imaging glasses may
have protected him from the young basilisk's deadly gaze, but it did
make spelunking a hazardous affair.

He really couldn't afford to fall into a puddle of water, or he would
loose whatever strength he had left. At least his boots were both warm
and waterproof.

*…and maybe you could awaken one of my sisters? I'd settle for a
brother, but boys can be so…eh… well, not all boys. You seem nice
enough, listening to me jabber on and on, but most boys just can't do
that, you know?*

Harry let the basilisk's voice flow over him, distracting him from
Luna's broken declaration repeating itself over and over again in his
head. *They're all dead.* Who all was dead? Her family? The entire
colony? All the werewolves in the country? Were his godfathers among
them? Had they even been with Luna's colony or had they already left for
France? Were they safe even there?

The tunnel came to an abrupt end, a large stone carved with thousands of
intertwined snakes coiled around each other blocked the way.

*This is where I stop,* the basilisk hissed, and turned around.
*It's*cold*out there.*

*Thank you for your help.*

*You're welcome*. And she disappeared back down the tunnel.

It took him nearly twenty minutes to figure out how to open the passage
way. Sticking ones hand into a moving mass of coils to search for an
equally mobile *knob* was not an easy task, and talking to statues had
earned him nothing but being laughed at.

It was still snowing when he stepped out into the Forbidden Forest.

All around him the trees hung heavy with snow, those trees that had not
lost their leaves soon enough were near bent in half and some had
already snapped. The air was cold and quiet, but even in his exhaustion
he knew better than to be complacent. He kept his wand in his hand.

Now what? How was he going to get there?

He had no broom or horse and couldn't apparate. He might be able to get
to Hogmeade, but they would have been warned about him and even he
didn't think he could sneak through a floo without people noticing. His
options were in fact extremely limited.

But he did have one left…

---

The Knight Bus driver kept giving him odd looks, but didn't ask
questions. He was too over worked and under paid to question why a
fifteen year old needed to be picked up in the middle of the Forbidden
Forest and taken to a *werewolf* colony, especially someone who looked
extremely familiar for some reason.

Harry nearly burst out laughing several times as he realized the
ridiculous situation he was putting himself. He couldn't even imagine
what Snape was going to do to him when he got back… if he got back.
Squeezing his eyes shut, he tried not to think about it. He had to know.
Know for sure, what had happened and why. He didn't trust Voldemort
enough to give him a truly honest answer, and if there were survivors he
wanted to be there for them. Especially if Sirius and Remus were there.
They were his pack. They had faced death for each other more than once,
and that wasn't a reliance he was willing to break.

At least, the shivering had finally stopped. The running and the warmth
of the bus had finally restored his body temperature to normal, but now
he was left with the reminder of how hungry he was, even as the thought
of eating was nauseating.

*Luna.*

Was she okay now? Pomfrey had taken her, but she had been so weak
already. He could feel her strength just drain out of her when she let
go of his arm, her eyes sliding shut. Had she been dead in that moment
and he not even realizing it? No, he could remember the medi-witch was
still working on her when Snape brought him to the infirmary. He had to
believe she would recover.

*They're all dead.*

"Shut up," he whispered.

"You say something?" the bus driver asked, turning around. This seemed a
very bad idea since they were still driving through a forest with no
road.

"Er… nothing."

"Well, we're almost there. You sure you want out here? It's a nearly
twenty miles to the nearest town. Heh, unless you're a werewolf," he
laughed, then sobered. "You aren't a werewolf are you?"

Harry gave him one of his nastier smiles, and the man paled and stepped
on the gas. At last the bus broke out of the trees and onto a wide dirt
road, and stopped. Harry stepped off the bus. He didn't pay the fare,
and the bus driver didn't ask for one, shutting the door on him and
speeding away as fast as he could. This was all well and good because
Harry hadn't thought to grab any money when he fled the castle.

The ground was blanketed in nearly four inches of snow and a few light
flakes continued to fall from the silvery-gray sky above. He tightened
his robe around him and pulled up the hood to conserve heat. He kept his
invisibility cloak off. He couldn't see properly with it on, and in the
tracks he left in the snow would make its power meaningless. He would
just have to be cautious and hope the danger had already passed.

He spotted the first body just outside the borderline of the werewolf
territory. It was a woman, naked, and completely unmarked. She was
partially curled, her eyes half lidded and cloudy, and her black hair
pillowing her head. He didn't need to touch her to know her skin was icy
cold. Shakily, Harry tried to closer her eyes, but they merely opened
again.

He took a shaky breath and continued up the road. He was terrified of
what he would find, but he had to know. He encountered three more bodies
on the road. One of them Harry recognized as Jackal, and the other two
were brothers, still at each other's side even in death. The brothers
were also completely unmarked, but Jackal appeared to have been gutted,
his entrails blessedly obscured by the snowfall. The colony itself was
gone, nothing more than smoldering ashes and scattered cookery. He saw
another woman, but didn't look too closely. He could smell her partially
charred flesh and didn't think he could stand seeing it for himself. It
wasn't until he reached the clearing just beyond the commune that the
sheer horror of what happened became truly apparent.

There were bodies everywhere.

Dozens upon dozens of them. Some of them were completely untouched,
while others were torn, burned, crushed, or killed in some other
completely sadistic manner. Some of them were huddle together and other
alone as they tried to flee. There had to have been at least forty in
the clearing alone. He stared, completely frozen at them. Men and women
he had known for years, so alive and powerful and filled with laughter
and that brazen werewolf attitude, lying so still and quiet.

Trembling, he began searching for his godfathers, but in doing so found
so many other familiar faces. Here the woman who had shown him how hides
were cleaned and tanned. There the man who beat him in a game of cards
once. Then he found Greyback and his family.

The Head Alpha hadn't fallen easily. Harry could follow the blood and
visceral trail nearly twenty feet, and by then the man was only so much
meaty pulp. Just beyond the alphas reach was one of his sons, curled
tightly in a lifeless ball. He couldn't have been more than eight. Then
another son, spread out on his back as if asleep, his eldest at
fourteen. It was Athena that set it off though. She was nearly unmarked
but for the deep diagonal slash across her back, but she must have been
trying to protect her youngest boy, just barely two, and when she had
fallen he was beneath her and…

The long keening wail that escaped him echoed through the forest,
piercing the haunting silencing with an even more haunting noise.

He shouldn't have come! He didn't want to know this! HE DIDN'T WANT TO
KNOW THIS!

He sobbed, loud and messy, like he hadn't since he was eight. Even more
than when he was eight. This was too horrible. Why? Why? Why? He
collapsed to knees and covered his eyes, trying to block it out, but it
was already burned in to his mind into his very soul and he would never
be rid of it again. This would never leave him. Rhiannon, why didn't you
save them?

He wasn't certain how long he sat in the snow and wept, it could have
been hours or minutes but the pain would not ease. It just went on and
on until he felt a hand touch his hair. He pulled away his hands and
looked up, expecting to see Snape but it was Voldemort who stood over
him, his expression the closest to sympathetic Harry had ever seen.

"What are you doing here, Harry? You shouldn't be here."

"I-I had to-to know," he choked out, and still he couldn't stop. The
Dark Lord helped him to his feet, and lead him away from the clearing,
not to the commune but deeper into the woods.

"Your godfathers are safe," Voldemort said, "They left for France a week
ago, and I have verification from the Queen herself that none of their
own werewolves were attacked. Of course, they're still being secured
inside their fortresses and under heavy guard. A much less convenient
target than an isolated colony in the middle of nowhere."

The relief he felt at his godfather's survival warred with his grief
over the death of the Goddess Clan, and ultimately the grief won out.
When he finally saw Sirius and Remus again he might feel differently,
but right now it was a mild balm against a gapping wound.

"What happened?" he asked. He knew too much already, what was this
little bit more?

They stepped between two trees, and Harry jerked in surprise as nearly a
hundred witches and wizards appeared before him, Brass Culties and
Sentinels mixed together, appearing and disappearing into the half dozen
black tents that had been erected. The overbearing silence of the forest
was smashed by the dull roar of activity. The roar dimmed a bit as
curious faces turned in puzzlement and sympathy as Harry was escorted to
one of the tents. The tent was black on the outside, but inside it was a
near glaring white and uncomfortably warm. Six beds lined either side of
the wall, and Harry's heart gave a little sigh at the handful of
survivors he saw resting there, all of them unconscious and wrapped in
blankets. One of them was Fenrir's sons, Fierro the second oldest, but
the others Harry didn't immediately recognize.

"The boy escaped into a fox hole and waited out the fighting, nearly
catatonic when we finally pulled him out. The others men were knocked
unconscious and left for dead. They cannot remember a great deal of what
happened, their human minds do not hold animal thoughts well, but what
we managed to piece together is that maybe two dozen wizards on
broomsticks came during their transformation, before they had scattered
for the night and killed them. My men have investigated the wards. They
were… inefficient at keeping out such a large group of attackers.
Several ward posts are all but melted."

"Are there any other survivors?"

"No. None except Luna, and her condition is questionable."

Two Medi-Cults approached to check Harry for injuries, but the Dark Lord
waved them off. He grabbed a bowl of water and a towel from a nearby
table and set it beside Harry. "Wash your face. You look awful."

"Was it the Germans?" Harry guessed. He took off his gloves and his
glasses, scooped up a handful of water and splashed his face, scrubbing
with his hands. He was starting to feel calmer. Voldemort was here, the
danger had passed, and now they would deal with what had happened in the
cool collected manner he handled everything else. Now was a time for
decisions and action. Grief could come later… hopefully much, much
later.

"Yes. When Seitler came to Lucius with news of the werewolf's appearance
at Hogwarts, he had squadrons sent out to investigate all the werewolf
colonies. This colony was already abandoned, but we managed to intercept
their next attack point. Most got away, but a few were killed… one was
captured alive."

Harry stiffened, and pulled the towel away from his face.

"You caught one?"

"Yes. He's in one of our tents now. Morgan is prepping him for
interrogation."

"… I would like to see him."

Voldemort stared at him thoughtfully. "Why?"

Harry didn't really know the answer to that himself, but he wanted to
see for himself who was capable of what he had seen.

"Harry, what are you even doing here? How did you get here?"

"… I took the bus."

Voldemort blinked. "The bus?"

"Well… that and… that place… in the dungeons," he could not describe
Slytherin's chamber any more clearly while the medi-cults were in the
room. "Snape locked down the rest of the castle. I'm surprised he missed
that part actually."

"You…*escaped* the castle? You escaped *Snape?*"

"…Sort of… yes… you could say that."

The Dark Lord closed his eyes. "I don't know whether I am extremely
impressed with your resourcefulness or extremely angry with you for
defying your guardian and forcing him to lock down the entire school."

Before Harry could voice his preference for the first option, Chief
Sentinel Morgan stepped into the tent. He gave a disapproving glare to
Harry but spoke directly to Voldemort.

"The prisoner is ready for you."

"Thank you, Morgan. Harry here will speak with him first, then one of
your men will escort him back to Hogwarts."

Morgan turned an assessing look towards the boy, clearly an emotional
mess, but didn't question his ruler. If he wanted his protégé to go
stark raving mad that was his prerogative. He escorted them to the
farthest tent, and held it open for them.

Harry stepped inside first, a feeling of dread seeping into him as he
surveyed the room. This tent was also white and sterile. Slick white
tile that sloped down slightly into the center where a drain had been
placed lined the floor. Harry tried not to think of the reason behind
that practical feature, but the tray of strange instruments set off to
the side made it easy enough to guess. Three men stood off to the side,
dressed in the same sterile white of the room, discussing something.
They stopped when he entered the tent.

The room was disturbing, but perhaps more so was the prisoner who was
secured to a chair in the very center. He was younger than Harry would
have imagine, mid-twenties, maybe younger, with curly blond hair, and
wide, terrified blue eyes. Harry could only stare back at him, confused.
Surely this wasn't a murderer? No hardened, apathetic mercenary or
sadistic megalomaniac.

Then the young man seemed to recognize him and his wide blue eyes
hardened into a hateful glare.

"Oh, der Verräter persönlich! Ich fühle mich geehrt!"

Harry just stared at him, sensing rather than seeing as Morgan and
Voldemort moved around the room. The prisoner didn't even look away from
him, and Harry wondered if he even realized he had the ruler of
wizarding Britain standing there with him or if he thought it was just
another anonymous soldier or military specialist.

"Was is los? Hast du nichts zu sagen, du Verräter? Bist du nicht wütend?
Wir haben alle deine räudigen Schoßhunde umgebracht, und alles was du
tust, ist rumzustehen und wie ein Idiot zu glotzen."

That spurred Harry to speak.

"Du bist sehr überheblich für einen schlappschwänzigen Kindermörder!"

The prisoner blinked, then hissed like an angry cat.

"Don't try your little sob story about them being human and deserving
the same treatment and that crap. They weren't human. They aren't human.
They're just dumb mon-"

Harry's fist smashing into the prisoner's face knocked the chair over
and sent him falling backwards. The young soldier choked on the blood
pouring from his nose, and turned his head to spit it out into the
pristine white tiles. It flowed obediently to the little drain at the
center of the floor. Harry wasn't done yet.

"*Nihil valeo,*" he said, casting a feather-light charm on man and
chair, then grabbed him by the collar of his sturdy black Auror's
uniform and dragged him outside. Everyone froze when they saw him making
off with the prisoner, Voldemort, Morgan, and three rather distraught
interrogators following behind. Several people made a move to stop him,
but the Dark Lord gestured for them to leave the boy alone.

He was curious about what his young friend was going to do, and a part
of him wanted Harry to be the one who exacted vengeance on this no doubt
worthy perpetrator. Greyback had been Voldemort's friend, in so far as
that goes, but Harry had loved the werewolves and had been an honorary
member of their pack. With the four survivors too traumatized or injured
to exact justice, it seemed appropriate that it should be Harry who
acted in their stead.

Another part of him felt strangely drawn to what he was feeling
radiating off of Harry, the pain and anger and horror permeating
outwards like an electric field, sizzling along his nerve-endings to his
very core where he felt something stir. He had seen his fair share of
suffering and inflicted a great deal of it himself, but what he felt now
was not the familiar sadistic pleasure of dominance. This wasn't
pleasant at all. It was… it was…

Inspiring?

Too feeble a description, but it was far too alien for him to call it
anything else. He didn't try, merely let it wash over him as Harry
continued to drag the prisoner into the clearing where the werewolves
still remained scattered like so many broken dolls. The prisoner was
starting to panic now, and that *did* bring about a bit of sadistic
pleasure for him.

"What are you doing? Where are we going?"

Harry stopped exactly where Voldemort had first found him, and threw
back to the ground. The prisoner grunted in pain, but it quickly turned
to panicked screaming when he found himself inches from the glassy dead
eyes of Athena. Harry jerked him back a little but the view couldn't
have been any better because now he could see not only Athena but Fenrir
and their children too. The prisoner tried to close his eyes, but Harry
knelt down, forcing his head back and his eyes open.

"Look! Look at them! Look how he reaches for them. Look how she tried to
cover her baby from harm and her children hung close even in their
panic! Look! Look and see that these were NOT dumb monsters. You didn't
kill terrorists or soldiers or beasts, and I will not let you go to your
grave thinking you're some sort of hero. You're just a murderer! A women
and child-killing murderer!"

"No, no, no! I didn't know! I didn't know! He said this was where the
terrorists were! The ones who killed all those people in Berlin! I
didn't know, I swear I didn't know!"

His words did nothing to placate Harry, and if anything they only
enraged him further. Harry's hands which had been gripping the man's
head slipped to his throat and tightened.

"Liar! How could you not have known? How could you not have seen the
pups? You saw them well enough when you killed them! Did you not see
them when they turned human? You knew all along what you were doing!
You're the monster here!"

The prisoner was starting to turn purple, Harry's small hands an
inescapable vice and Voldemort could feel his heart racing as he watched
it all play out. He had never seen Harry like this before. It was
breathtaking.

"My Lord," Morgan said softly, but urgently. "Perhaps we should stop
him. The man's no good to us dead."

"Mmm… maybe in a minute…" he said offhandedly.

"Sir, I really don't think he has a minute."

"Then I'll revive him again. They're always much more cooperative as
zombies.[^98-1]"

Morgan said nothing more, merely stood there and watched with a
deepening sense of horror as a child suffocated a man with his bare
hands right before his very eyes. The prisoner was starting to turn blue
now and his eyes were rolling back in their sockets and Potter's arms
trembled with exhaustion and rage. Beside him, Voldemort watched it all,
enraptured, and proud beyond measure.

"*POTTER!*"

Harry, lost in his anger and hatred, burning with such a destructive
need it could have been the will of Rhiannon herself, he could hear and
see nothing but the prisoner and his choking and the echoing screams of
the dead lying around them. And then everything was black, and was being
pulled away, his fingernails tearing away bits of flesh as he lost his
grip. He screamed and kicked and thrashed, clawing for his victim and at
the interloper who had interrupted him, but the person didn't let go and
the darkness over his eyes remained, blocking the source of his rage and
his grief all at once. He struggled and strained, but without the
prisoner directly before him the rage began to fade back into grief
until sobbing once again replaced his screams, and his struggles
weakened until he merely hung limply in his captor's arm.

"Ssshhhh… Harry, it's alright. Calm down. Breath deep. It's over now."

"Pro-professor? When d-did you get here?"

"Just now. I had to get Lestrange to unlock the entire castle again
before I could come after you… and we're going to have a serious
discussion about that later."

Harry said nothing, just hung there, too exhausted and too shocked by
his own actions to move. The darkness over his eyes, which had to be
Snape's hand, was a barrier he didn't want to cross. Not now. Maybe not
ever.

"My Lord, I think it's best if I take Mr. Potter back to the castle,"
Snape said, turning to his master. There was an underlying edge to his
voice, a tightly controlled anger that Voldemort might have found
amusing if he weren't so angry himself. It had been very close. A half
minute more and he would have seen for himself what happened when a pure
soul murders. He could have made a horcux for Harry.

But Snape had to go and ruin it with his misguided concern for the boy's
sanity. There was absolutely nothing wrong with his protégé's sanity as
far as he was concerned. It was perfectly natural and probably
therapeutic to destroy something that had caused you such great pain,
and despite the social stigma at killing while still in adolescence it
seemed a petty thing to stand in his way. He still remembered killing
his father and grandparents with great fondness.

He very seriously considered killing Snape in that moment, and that's
when he realized he was behaving irrationally himself. He had nearly
allowed the death of a prisoner before their interrogation had even
started and allowing Harry to become a killer so young went against his
original plans for him. He had been so caught up in an emotional
maelstrom he had let it dictate his actions, and that was not
acceptable.

He would forestall Snape's punishment until he could discern whether it
was truly warranted or not.

"Go then. I suspect we will see each other soon enough."

The potions master bowed as much as his position would allow, and
dragged Harry away, his hand remaining steadfastly over his eyes until
they were far enough from the remains of the colony to apparate.

---

Harry said nothing to Snape as they made their way back to the castle,
nor when they were inside. He said nothing to McGonagall who looked
ready to throttle him and then hug him at the same time. He said nothing
to Hermione who cried at the sight of him, knowing somehow that he had
been through something too horrible to say aloud. He said nothing to
Lestrange who did yell at him in words he could hear but not understand.
He said nothing to Pomfrey as she helped him change into a pair of
hospital pajamas and slipped him a sleeping draught then tucked him in.

He said nothing, but the moment she turned her back he slipped out of
the bed again and made his way over to Luna, pulling aside the privacy
screen. She was pale, but no longer deathly so, and her breathing was
slow and deep. Bandages peeked through the left side of her pajamas,
meaning she was not completely healed even though she now stable.

He climbed onto the right side of her bed, and gentle rested his chin
atop her head and his arm over her stomach, then finally let the
sleeping draught drag him under. A moment later, Luna stirred, not
waking, but seeking out the familiar, comforting smell of a pack mate,
and turning her nose into the crook of his neck.

Snape sat in the uncomfortable infirmary chair in the corner, watched it
all, and said nothing.

---

Prisoner: "Ah, the traitor in person. I feel so honored."

Prisoner: "What's the matter? Nothing to say, traitor? Aren't you angry?
We killed all your mangy mutts, and all you can do is stand there like a
bug-eyed idiot?"

Harry: "You're awfully proud for a limp-dicked child-killer."

[^98-2]: Voldemort is a necromancer. This is stated in canon, but I just
thought I'd remind everyone since I don't think I mention it in my own
story.
