# Epilogue pt2

The morning after his potion-induced confession with Snape, Harry's
thoughts and memories had reappeared and organized themselves. He still
had no memory of what Fenrir had done in his body while he was locked in
the spirit realm, but Snape had given him a vague sort of idea. There
had been no real details, and honestly he didn't want any. People had
died, some had even been killed using his magic, and that wasn't
something he could calmly accept.

Much of what he could remember he wished he didn't. The fight with the
monsters in the spirit realm and his subsequent drowning, and escaping
that only to be nearly killed in a magical explosion (one that's mere
memory made his entire body throb with remembered pain) did nothing to
ease the panic he could feel lingering just beneath the surface.

It made him feel weak and scared, which only made him angry at himself
and depressed about his situation. The hospital staff was kind and
attentive, and Snape proved to be rather enjoyable company when he put
his mind to it, but he felt supremely homesick. It seemed like forever
since he had last seen Hermione and his friends, and danced the slow and
simple routine of student life. He missed his bed and the soft snores of
his dorm mates at night, the breakfast discussions, the love-hate
relationship with his classes and the resulting homework that inevitably
followed, the endless maze of hallways and their little surprises, the
quiet sanctity of the library, the challenge of dueling club… He wanted
to go back to it, back to where it was safe and beautiful and *simple*.

But he couldn't go back. Not yet. For the time being, he couldn't even
walk himself twenty feet to the bathroom. His injuries were all on the
mend, and aside from persistent pneumonia and chronic weakness, there
was little physically wrong with him. Nevertheless, three days in bed
and the potions made to heal his flesh had both resulted in a stiffening
of his muscles to the point where everything was cramping terribly. His
legs and his side in particular where proving to be nearly unbearable.

His medi-wizards had scheduled him for a session in the physical therapy
pool. Snape used the time to go off and run some errands, leaving Harry
in the capable hands of his nurses who helped him change into hospital
issued blue swimming suit (not unlike those one piece outfits one saw
muggles wearing in the 1800s) and loaded him into a wheelchair.
Everything had been going well and he had been looking forward to easing
his stiff body into warm water until he actually got to his destination.

"Wait…" he said, as his physical therapist, a powerfully built man with
skin so dark it was almost purple, began to wheel him towards the
therapy pool. The pool was nothing like the few muggle swimming pools he
had been to in his childhood. Those had all been rectangular, painted
blue, and stank of chlorine. A wizarding pool, or at least the therapy
pool, was nothing like those. For one, it was ovular, for another it was
painted black. From his vantage point, Harry could see glowing white
lines that highlighted where the wheelchair ramp and the stairs were and
marked how deep it all actually went.

He felt a shiver run through him just looking at it. Those dark waters
lay placid and seemingly harmless like so many other still waters that
had risen up to drown him. The Chambers of Secrets, the Hogwarts Lake,
the spirit realm… all of them had tried to take his life… some of them
had arguably succeeded.

The idea of simply rolling his chair into the water, when his own body
could barely move to obey him, suddenly seemed a terribly stupid idea.

"Is something wrong?" the medi-wizard asked, his accent heavy with South
African bass. Harry felt like an idiot. Why hadn't he thought about this
before they had gone through all the trouble of bringing him down here?

"I…Is it safe?"

Which was also a terribly stupid question. Obviously it was safe or it
wouldn't be in a hospital! It seemed the medi-wizards had missed the
traumatic head injury that had left him a daft wanker.

"Are you afraid of water?" the wizard asked, looking down at Harry
knowingly. He had ten years of experience with patients and knew the
signs of anxiety well.

"I didn't use to be," he said sullenly.

"We won't go in far. Just enough so the water comes up to your waist.
I'll take you out the second you tell me too. Yes?"

"…"

"Werewolves, dragons, basilisks, Aurors," came a voice from the entrance
and they both turned sharply towards it. Harry grimaced as he pulled a
muscle in his side. Voldemort strode in, dressed in business robes and
looking very out of place. The medi-wizard stiffened, and Harry didn't
blame him. He was feeling a little thrown by the Dark Lord's appearance
as well. "Mad assassins, kidnappers, fairies, and well, *me* and you
decide your greatest nemesis is *water?* Really Harry, I'm disappointed
in you."

There was a touch of humor in the dark wizard's voice that allowed Harry
to relax a little.

"Did I ever tell you about the times I drowned?" he asked. "All three of
them?"

Voldemort cocked his head curiously at that, and the medi-wizard swung
his attention back to him. The Dark Lord turned to address the other
wizard.

"Would you mind giving some time alone?"

"I'm not really allowed-" the man protested. Harry put a hand on his arm
to regain his attention.

"It's alright," he assured him, and gestured for him to make his escape
while he still could. The medi-wizard reluctantly nodded, and left with
one last suspicious glance at Voldemort.

"You're looking a lot better."

Harry knew he looked like crap, but he was right in that he probably did
look better than the last time the man had seen him.

"You look exactly the same. To what do I owe the privilege of your
company?"

"Oh, none of that, Harry. We shan't stand on formality. I simply came to
see you."

"I suppose the press is just outside the door?"

"As a matter of fact, they are. Feel free to keep them waiting as long
as you like. How do you feel?"

Harry shrugged, and then grimaced.

"Like all my muscles have turned to wood."

"No muscle relaxants?"

"Not with the calming droughts."

Voldemort nodded and began wheeling him towards the pool. Harry jerked
in surprise and struggled to climb out of it.

"Relax; I have no intention of drowning you."

He wasn't so convinced, and finally managed to hobble to his free and
stumble away. He gritted his teeth. Merlin, it hurt! He didn't get far,
before the Dark Lord caught him and scoop him up into his arms as if he
were nothing more than small child.

"What are you doing?!" Harry shouted as Voldemort proceeded to wade into
the pool, fully clothed. He started to panic, breathing becoming more
difficult by the second as he struggled to lift himself higher in the
man's grasp.

"*Ssshhh…be still. I'm here. I have ssstolen you from the jaws of death
more than once, remember?"*he hissed in parseltongue, and with it the
sensation of the Dark Lord's magic. Harry immediately felt himself go
limp, sinking into it, felt it cradle him in coils that could crush a
man. With out realizing it, he had closed his eyes, and when he opened
them again, he found himself floating in the pool with his head
carefully held in Voldemort's hands. He blinked up at man's amused red
eyes.

"*Better?*"

"*Cheater*."

"*And completely unrepentant. Are you ssstill afraid?"*

"*Don't let me go."*

"*Never."*

Harry shivered at the layers of meaning behind that simple word, despite
the warmth of the water. The pain in his body was starting to retreat,
replaced with slowly pervading languor. As long as he kept looking up,
he did not have to see the black pool and with Voldemort holding him
aloft he was able to forget for a moment how utterly vulnerable he was.

"*Tell me what you sssaw when Greyback took your body. You told Sssnape
that you had no memory of what he did, which meanss he musst have ssent
you sssomewhere."*

Harry wondered why the man wanted to know. Simple curiosity? Did it
matter? He didn't dare lie in his current position. So he told him about
the spirit realm, about the silence and the seasons that changed
according to distance, about the creek and the lake, and about the mist
and the monsters. He told him about the guide he had met, but not his
name and the Dark Lord did not bother to ask. He did look rather
thoughtful though. Once Harry had finished, he spoke again."

"*I have read of ssuch placess, but I have never ssseen mine. It may be
that I do not have one. Quite fasscinating, really."*

"*What do you mean, 'seen yoursss'? You have your own limbo?"*

Voldemort smirked.

"*Maybe. Mosst humanss do. The particular realm you walked in wasss your
own private sssoul ssspace. Everyone'ss isss different. Everything in it
iss sssymbolic, from the sssky to the lake to your guide. They all had
personal meaningsss to you. Like a dream."*

Harry frowned.

"*The monstersss…"*

"*Greyback'sss. Hisss possession of your body gave him enough accesss to
your sssoul to plant trapsss."*

Then what about Carrigan, Harry wondered. He couldn't imagine the man
being a trap or one of Greyback's creations. Could he have been a
figment of Harry's imagination? A 'symbol', as the Dark Lord said? If
that were the case why a man he had never even met? And how had he known
those things about Bobby and places Harry had never heard of? Or were
those things even true or the ramblings of a meaningless dream? The
druid had seemed so real though…

There were two ways to find out the truth. The first was to ask
Voldemort theen and there. Harry couldn't bring himself to do that.
Carrigan had been the man's mentor at the very least, and was likely a
sore spot that he didn't want to start prodding recklessly. The second
way was to ask Bobby, who was no where to be found but would inevitably
show up eventually.

And what would it mean if it truly was nothing more than a symbol and
not the dead man's spirit? What would that symbol represent? Why
something more intimately intertwined with Voldemort's past than his
own? How would the spirit have gotten into his 'soul space' if what his
mentor said was true?

"*It'sss time to get out,"* the Dark Lord said, pulling him from his
thoughts. "*You're ssstarting to prune."*

Harry blinked, then nodded. Slowly, he dropped his legs and placed them
underneath him. He stood and found the water only reached his naval. His
legs still ached and felt very weak, but it was no longer the complete
agony of before and he was able to walk easily. Voldemort escorted him
up the ramp and out of the pool, holding onto Harry's arm just in case.

Once out of the pool, the Dark Lord dried them both with a simple spell
and Harry sat down heavily in his wheelchair, feeling exhausted.

"What happened to Greyback?" Harry found himself asking. "After I kicked
him out of my body, I mean?"

"Hard to say. Likely, he went back to his own god realm. I haven't had
the time to confront him yet, but I guarantee you I will not let this
matter slide."

Harry nodded, but he looked disturbed.

"Something bothering you?"

"…what if he tries to possess me again?"

Voldemort started at him. Apparently, the possibility hadn't occurred to
him.

\~ Page Break\~

For the two days of Greyback's descent into the mortal plane, Blackbone
struggled to maintain his sanity as his pack and his beta fell under the
sway of the war god. Commanded by some unheard voice, the werewolves set
about the motions of battle preparation, stockpiling weapons and
building new ones, gathering supplies for travel, and building
fortifications around their homes. Blackbone had stood aside and let it
happen while he tried to sort out the impulses of the roaming god from
his own. The only others who were not completely lost to the compulsions
were the shamans, Luna, and Jane and they would not help him, either
from inability or unwillingness.

When Greyback's presence suddenly vanished, and the werewolves came back
to themselves, Blackbone's confusion turned to rage. Those in his clan
quelled in fear as he swept through the village and systematically
destroyed their two days work and then some, striking down any who
protested or were not quick enough to get out of his way. The werewolves
fled from him and into the forest to wait out his anger, until only
Slivermoon dared to linger close out of a sense of loyalty and his own
guilt for having been as weak-willed as the rest when his Alpha had
needed his support.

Three more days passed, during which Blackbone shifted between blinding,
destructive rages and dark silences so profound, they seemed to swallow
the entire forest. At the end of those three days, the full moon finally
rose and the emotions that had waged war in him were finally lifted up
and dispersed in the heat and freedom of transformation.

Waking the next morning on the frost laden earth, he had finally felt
calm and ready to do what needed to be done. He washed and dressed,
roused his beta from the base of a tree, and started his search for the
rest of his pack. It was on this morning, that Voldemort finally sent
him an emissary, no doubt hoping the post full moon lethargy would keep
the alpha from reacting badly to the news he was to receive.

The emissary was a young court politician of low birth, but slithering
up the political ladder with the help of his poison-honey tongue. He
played the sympathetic and humble messenger to the fullest as he related
the tale of Harry's kidnapping and the werewolf led mission to rescue
him. The story was thick with praise for both the werewolf warriors and
Harry's bravery and with false remorse for those who had died or been
injured in the effort.

Blackbone made the emissary bite a hot poker and literally threw the man
off his lands, threatening to tear out the tongue of the next liar to
grace his presence. Then he had gone to find Jane.

"Do you mean to kill me, Blackbone?" she asked as he entered the burial
grounds. She was sitting on one of the marble stones that marked the
graves of their recently buried family. Luna was curled up beside her,
her head in the other girl's lap, naked but for the fur skin Jane had
wrapped around her shoulders. Blackbone glared at the goddess-possessed
child. If she thought either the location or Luna's presence would
prevent what was to come, she was sorely mistaken.

"Remy, take Luna back to the village and put her to bed with the
others."

His beta hesitated for a moment, trying to gage both his alpha's mood
and intentions, but nothing came. The rage was gone, but while that made
Blackbone less dangerous to those around him, it also made him less
predictable. All he could do was what he was commanded and have faith in
his friend. He gathered up Luna in her blanket, and physically lifted
her. She squirmed and whined in protest, but she was weak from the
transformation and from lack of food. He did not know if she had eaten
at all in the three days since Greyback's disappearance. While the Head
Alpha had raged at the world, she had retreated from it, and even now
Slivermoon had no idea what she thought or felt about what had happened
over the last week.

He suspected she knew far more about what as going on than he did. She
was a shaman's apprentice, but more importantly she was the closest
thing the goddess had to a friend.

Blackbone watched as his second took the girl away. Luna had always
seemed a mysterious, albeit strangely charming creature to him, but at
the moment he didn't know if he could stand to be in her presence
without doing something he would forever regret. She was Greyback's
daughter. She had loved the monster in life and in death and was also
the companion of Rhiannon's daughter in whatever form she took, and that
was enough to make him hate her, but she had also loved and comforted
Harry when he had been unable to. If she knew half of what he himself
had pieced together after the emissary's arrival, and certainly Jane
would have told her some of it, what state of grief was she herself in?
The one she had loved most in her short life had been murdered only a
month ago, and the one who had helped her through that dark time had
nearly been killed himself by the spirit of that loved one. If she
hadn't been mad already, she might very well be now.

He would figure out what to do about her later. For now, he had bigger
fish to fry. Turning back to Jane, he stalked towards her and knocked
from her perch and onto the ground with the back of his hand. She
scrambled away from him and stumbled to her feet. She stared at him with
wide-eyed wonder at his audacity. Or his madness.

"You dare…?"

It was a true question, and not an accusation. No werewolf had ever
dared to strike her. Not even Greyback, who was the epitome of audacious
violence. She was Rhiannon's daughter and the direct link between the
Goddess and her children, and either out of respect or fear no one had
ever dared threaten her except those wizards to ignorant to realize who
or what she was.

He merely glowered at her, making no further move towards her. The one
strike would be enough to convince her he was capable of what he was
about to threaten.

"I could ask you the same question, little goddess," he growled. "You
would dare to betray your allegiance to me and your brethren for the
favor of a monster?"

She just stared at him, confused, but unwilling to show it.

"I couldn't figure it out at first," he said, pacing between the stones
of the graves. "I mean *how* could Greyback have come to this plane. I
am no shaman, but even I know you have to *invite* a god here, before
they can have a direct influence, present company excluded of course[^110-1].
Now, I know I didn't include any shamans with the warriors that were
sent, so how?"

He was starting to circle her now, and although she didn't move or
stiffen, her eyes followed his every movement cautiously.

"And then lo and behold I receive a message from the Dark Lord's people
and it all just snaps into place. *Harry* was in France when Greyback
descended. *Harry* just so happens to be an honorary shaman. But of
course, he wouldn't have invited Greyback. Not willingly. Not
*knowingly.* But he had done it once before… with a little help bit of
help from…you."

"I did not-"

"You *did.* Did you think you were being subtle? You gave Harry the
Du'on nadi during the funeral on the pretense of calming him, when you
had any number of other herbs available with that same purpose. Did you
know it would work on him or was that just an experiment? He's not
really a werewolf and there was no telling if he could be a shaman or
not, so you had to test it somehow. Am I wrong?"

She said nothing. He continued.

"Then you gave him his own private stash just before he left. Did you
warn him what it was really for first? Or just let him assum? Doesn't
matter anyway. The situation had already been set up for him to have
need of it, whether he understood what it was for or not."

"I warned him," she said. "I explained *exactly* what it was for."

"But not why you gave it to him in the first place."

She fell silent again.

"I never realized what a manipulative little wench you really were until
now."

"Mind your tongue, mortal," she growled, the feral nature of her
birthright flitting over her features for just a moment before settling
once again for cool indifference. "You have already overstepped your
bounds. Grief will only excuse so much. Anger considerably less than
that."

He sprung for her, and she leaped away, but he caught her by the arm.
She snarled and lunged for him, snapping and clawing at him. She was
stronger than she looked. Her divine status give her strength even in
her frail mortal body. It was still nothing compared to his strength,
which came through his own natural strength and the innate magic he had
inherited upon his ascension to the position of Head Alpha.

He caught her by the back of her neck and forced her to her knees,
bending her over the nearest headstone. Struggling viciously, she fought
to free herself, but he held her down with ease and sneered at her
disdainfully.

"You have betrayed me, little god. You have betrayed your brethren. You
have lied and plotted and allied yourself outside of the packs. For any
of these things I am well in my rights to destroy you."

"My contract was with Greyback! I dared not violate it! I would
disappear forever!" she screamed.

"Your *contract* is with the *Head Alpha*, which happens to be me in
case it escaped your notice you stupid girl. Those bodies you possess
are only made available to you through *my* blessing now, *not*
Greyback's. And I have to say I am very tempted to take that blessing
and leave you to dissolve back into whatever abysmal darkness that
spawned you."

"NO! Please don't!"

Now there was real fear in her for the first time. Her eyes were wide
and she trembled beneath him, like a frightened rabbit. He felt a sudden
stab of guilt for causing it, for turning the once proud figure into a
pathetic little child begging for her life. Then he remembered the
hundred odd dead and the cruel exploitation of his godson that may have
utterly ruined him and his pity vanished. He tossed her aside.

"I don't know what Greyback promised you, and I don't care. It ends now.
I spare your life here, but do not think I will soon forget your
treason. I recommend you find a way in which to make amends with me and
hope that I don't change my mind in the meantime."

He left her huddled and frightened by Greyback's altar, feeling
simultaneously powerful and angry. The power had an obvious source. He
had stood up to a goddess, regardless of how minor, and indirectly a war
god as well. Whether he would get away with it for long, would take time
to discern but he was not afraid. His cause was righteous. Rhiannon
would favor him in this.

The anger was harder to pin down. Briefly, it was directed at Harry for
foolishly abusing the Du'on nadi and causing him so much anguish, but
soon enough it had been directed back towards himself and to Voldemort
and Greyback and Jane. They had all been so cruel in their selfishness,
unloading burden after burden onto the shoulders of a child. If James
had been there, the alpha was certain his old friend would have despised
him for what he had done to his son.

The backlash was what he deserved. Over a hundred werewolves under his
rule were now dead, victims of a god's machinations, while Voldemort
gloried in a victory none of his people would benefit from. His own
godson a hair's breadth from absolute destruction and wounded in ways he
still did not yet know. All of it his fault. It was his decision to
release the warriors of his pack to Voldemort's army and place his
godson in the vulnerable position that would take him far from the
safety of Britain, leniency with Jane that allowed her to manipulate
matters into Greyback's favor, and his lack of foresight had allowed his
people to fall under the war god's control.

Never again.

He was Head Alpha. As far as the werewolves were concerned he was a
living god, and the only authority greater than his own was that of
Rhiannon, whose hand could not be felt in these dark happenings. It was
his responsibility to make sure nothing like this ever happened again.
He would not fail a second time.

\~ Page Break\~

A week after Lestrange first entered the records room, it was
considerably cleaner than it had been and the witch herself was
considerably more frustrated. She had set up a desk for herself where
she could sit and sort through some of the potential papers, but nothing
useful had made itself known.

The raven was there too, sleeping or watching her in a bored manner. He
hadn't said anything since that first day, and no matter what she did or
threatened he did nothing more than caw or ruffled his feathers at her
again. She was beginning to think she had imagined it or someone had
simply played a prank on her, but she could never quite convince herself
one way or the other.

"Madam Lestrange?"

She glanced up from a stack of papers to the young Cultie lingering in
the doorway. He fidgeted nervously, before stepping inside, and marching
to her desk. He gave her a crisp salute.

"Yes?" she asked boredly.

"Madam Lestrange, I've been sent from the intelligence office. You
submitted an inquiry for one 'Horace McGunny', is this correct?"

She sat up straight in her chair, and tried to hide the eagerness in her
voice.

"You have something?"

"We have a location."

Ten minutes later, Lestrange was storming the military hospital, leaving
the messenger to watch over the raven as she went to claim her prize.
People gave her a wide berth, her less than sane smile clearing the way
in a manner her reputation could not.

She found her target on the third floor, chatting with a young nurse. He
was exactly as she remembered him, the few times she had seen him at
Hogwarts. Mostly. He was dressed in hospital clothes and needed a hair
cut, but he also had a quill and clipboard in hand and appeared to be
interviewing the nurse rather than flirting with her. No doubt he was
gathering secrets to sell to the enemy.

Some sixth sense must have alerted him to the danger, because suddenly
McGunny stiffened and then turned. He blinked in confusion.

"Headmistress-"

"*Stupefy."*

\~ Page Break\~

Voldemort stared down at Horace McGunny. Horace McGunny in turn hung
limply in the Dark Lord's hands while his eyes rolled around in his
sockets. The man dropped him in disgust, turning away as he collapsed on
the Persian rug. Lestrange watched with growing unease as he abandoned
the query she had spent the last couple of months of her life trying to
track down. His cage hanging in the bird stand beside the Dark Lord's
desk, the raven watched without so much as blinking.

"Useless," the man muttered, stalking back behind his desk and throwing
himself into his chair. His agitation was obvious, but then he had been
agitated since his return from the continent. His people may have proven
victorious, but it had been a sloppy victory at best and he was left
organizing the clean up from Bristol.

The stabilizing of Berlin was a minor matter. His commanders knew what
they had to do on that front; but now he was left placating Poland who
was greedy for a take in the struggle they had lent their extremely
minor assistance in, dealing with Blackbone who had sent back his
messenger after torturing him for lying, smoothing over ruffled feathers
from the Queen's court, and playing up the whole debacle in the media.
He still hadn't figured exactly what he was going to do about Harry yet.

The capture of McGunny, and possibly his horcrux, should have been good
news but at the moment it felt like just another mess he had to deal
with on top of everything else. To make matters just that much more
obnoxious, it seemed Tom had already escaped and his former host had no
memories that might help in tracking him down. He almost would have
preferred Lestrange found nothing, so that he could forget about the
little menace for a little while longer.

"Take him to St. Ghianna's and have him committed for the memory loss
under an assumed name, with you as his legal guardian. I want the best
medi-wizards in the field working on him and enough security to guard
the Queen of France. No mistakes."

"Yes, my lord," she said dutifully, trying to hide her unhappiness. She
had hoped to be reassigned now that her mission was complete to
something more… well, more than babysitting.

"You have done well, Bella," the Dark Lord offered graciously, sensing
her disappointment. "And you will be rewarded for your efforts, but
right now I have more pressing matters to concern myself with. You may
leave the raven, and I'll leave the rest of the matter to you."

He left her looking mollified, took Bobby with him, and stepped over the
incoherent boy to exit his office. A dozen or so office workers,
security personnel, and personal assistance dithered in the waiting room
in preparation for his arrival. As soon as they spotted him, they
descended on him.

"Here's your speech. You'll want to go over it on the way to the
ceremony. I thought it was good, but Tabitha insisted it was hoaky.
There's another version at the bottom if you-"

"I really don't like holding it outside. You already proved what a huge
liability that sort of thing is in Ber-"

"The ceremony should be relatively brief, but you'll want to stay around
for photo ops and PR for another hour or so. Afterwards, you have been
invited to a luncheon with The House of Lord's Dueling School, which
would be an excellent opportunity to-"

"What is this ceremony again?" he asked absently. He had been to six
different ceremonies in the last week already and they were starting to
run together.

"Military accommodations, my Lord. You're handing out metals to soldiers
who displayed exemplary combat skill during in Berlin."

"Ah, well that's not so bad," he said absently, already skimming through
the speech, which *was* hoaky but just the sort of thing the media would
eat up. He listened with half an ear as he made his way down to the
garage, gradually loosing the hangers on as he passed through
increasingly high levels of security. Before he left the building he
handed Bobby off to one of his assistance with instructions to have him
released in the new aviary that had been built in the last week. He had
commissioned its creation almost immediately upon his return, knowing he
could not keep the raven caged for much longer without *something.*He
still wasn't entirely sure what he was going to do with him, but he
couldn't bring himself to simply release.

For one thing, he honestly didn't trust the bird.

For another, he had been Carrigan's. It seemed only right that he should
inherit him.

He took the car to the ceremony, despite the migraine it caused his
security officer, and used the time to sort through his next moves. He
would need to speak with Blackbone in person soon, and judging by what
he had done to his emissary it was not going to be pleasant. He still
had no idea how much the other knew about what had really happened in
France and Germany, but he suspected it was far more than was
convenient. Harry was supposed to arrive back in France that day, and he
debated with himself whether allowing Blackbone to visit his still weak
and confused godson first would make things better or worse and
ultimately decided against it. He would let Poland's minister wait for
another two weeks just to let him know exactly who held the power in
this relationship. If the man wanted to speak with him, he could cross
into *his* territory, and attempt to make demands. Queen Ophelia was a
different matter, and he wanted to prolong their good relations for as
long as possible. He would write her tonight, and make plans to visit
her briefly before the holidays. It would not do to allow her passion
towards him to cool. Tom… he didn't even what to think about what the
little devil was up to at the moment.

What he was going to do about the Solstice and Harry's dilemma with
future possession were somewhat more complicated matters. He had not had
time to decide on the nature of the ritual he wished to perform, but
including his protégé might not be possible in his weakened condition.
Attempting to subvert any future attempts at possession of the boy would
severally weaken him in the pagan arts and deafen him to the will and
gifts of the gods he worshipped, but leaving him as an Imago, a puppet
to any deity who wished to wear his skin, was not an option either. How
he had come to be in such a state required an investigation he didn't
have the time to conduct.

If he weren't such a consummate multitasker, the crowd might have
realized how distracted he was as he made his speech, spouting the usual
rhetoric about patriotism and pride and nobility. He was still
calculating the time it would take to visit his private library in
Stratford for a particularly interesting book on possession as he was
attaching medals to the eight witches and wizards who were being honored
for the sake of good publicity if not their own merits in battle, when
he felt a strange chill ran up his spine and he stopped abruptly.

His focus suddenly shifted back to the moment, and the soldier standing
directly in front of him. His name tag read Stratus and his insignia
marked him as a lieutenant. He appeared completely unremarkable, even a
little on the pudgy side, and staring resolutely ahead at nothing like
the others before him. Voldemort blinked and the odd feeling was gone
again, perhaps never having been there in the first place, and he moved
on to the next soldier.

He never saw the faint relaxation of Stratus' shoulders that signaled a
well controlled sigh of relief or if he did it was quickly dismissed as
the usual nervousness people experienced under his direct scrutiny. An
hour later, the Dark Lord would not recall the moment of hesitation or
the name of the man who had caused it, and Tom would be celebrating his
small victory with an expensive bottle of brandy and a female Lieutenant
fresh out of basic.

\~ Page Break\~

Hermione, Draco, Natalie, Clyde, Ginny, Fred, and George sat in their
desk in the Dark Arts and Defense classroom, staring mutely at Snape who
was regarding them all with a cool, assessing glare.

"Do you understand what I have told you?" he asked, finally. For their
own sakes he certainly hoped they did. He had gathered together Harry's
inner circle, or at least what he believed to be the boy's inner circle,
and relayed to them as much as he dared about what had truly happened to
their friend. His own, specially edited version of had happened in any
event.

The simplified version was that Harry had been tricked by a werewolf and
ended up possessed by a demon that had him doing incredibly dark magic
that eventually resulted in him being horribly injured. He had subtly
emphasized the werewolves' responsibility in any wrong doing and Harry's
status as unwilling victim (which involved relating far more graphic
details of his injuries than was strictly tactful or necessary) in the
matter, and hoped for the best.

The best being that they would be even more loyal and faithful to their
friend, and perhaps start turning him away from his affection towards
the canid monsters. He was more hopeful of the first than the second,
but he would take what he could get. Clyde was the first to break the
silence with a rather perplexed statement.

"Well that's just…weird."

Draco nodded. "Yeah, that kind of sums it up for me too."

Natalie and Hermione just shared a look and rolled their eyes. Boys.
Although, privately they were a little weirded out themselves.

"I for one," George said, looking pointedly at the older wizard. "Would
just like to thank Professor Snape for sharing the creepiest story time
ever. I am sure we'll all be haunted by it for years to come. But I do
have to ask… why exactly are you telling us this?"

Snape had been prepared this question and answered easily.

"So you won't go asking Mr. Potter about it. You are his friends. You'll
ask questions about things that seem to bother him, and he'll feel
obligated to answer you. For his sake, I would rather you did not put
him under that sort of strain. This event has been unusually traumatic
for him. It would be best if he were not forced to relive the experience
over and over again."

"What about the other students?" Hermione asked. "You're not going to
tell them any of this, are you? What about the teachers?"

"I will inform Professor McGonagall, because it is her right to know as
his Head of House, but no one else. This is, in fact, a government
secret, and there will severe consequences if you should share this
information irresponsibly. Besides, like I said, you are Mr. Potter's
friends. I expect you all to exercise a level of… sensitivity that can
not be expected of your peers."

"And to look out for him, right?"

Snape tilted his head in acknowledgment. It certainly wouldn't hurt
things if he had allies on the student level, particularly ones as
resourceful as the Weasley Twins, keeping the other students from
intentionally or unintentionally stressing Harry. His primary objective,
however, was to make sure they didn't turn away from him or on him.

"This thing that happened to him… it couldn't happen again could it?"
Draco asked cautiously, because even though he considered himself
Harry's friend and ally, he also believed in self preservation. Hermione
shot him an irritated look.

"It is extremely unlikely. Like I said, he was tricked into taking a
special potion by a werewolf. He would not make the same mistake again,
and the Dark Lord has taken additional steps that I cannot reveal to you
in order to make sure he will never be vulnerable in that way again. He
is perfectly safe… or at least as safe as he ever was."

Draco shrugged. "Okay, whatever. It's just another bit of Potter
weirdness then."

"We will have to make a suitable sacrifice to honor our Lord Chaos,"
George whispered to his brother. "I say we turn the Charms hallway into
a swamp."

"Sounds good to me. Excuse us, professor! We just remembered we have
something important we forgot to do."

"As long as it doesn't involve the dungeons, I do not care."

The twins' departure signaled the end of their brief meeting and
everyone got up to take their leave. Snape would keep his eye on them
for the remaining week before holidays to gauge their reaction to what
he had told them. It would be best if he ironed out any misgivings they
had before Harry returned.

"Hermione, if you would stay for a few more minutes. There is something
I wish to speak to you about in private."

She paused on her way out of the classroom, glancing surreptitiously at
the others as they filed out. He moved a chair to the other side of his
desk, and summoned a pot of tea from the kitchens with a snap of his
fingers. Sitting down in the provided seat, she fiddled with her teacup
anxiously.

"If you're worried about how I'll react to Harry's… accident, you
shouldn't be. He's still my best fri-"

"I assure you, my dear, out of everyone you are the one I am least
worried about turning their back on Mr. Potter. Your loyalty to each
other has proven itself time and again. I wish to talk to you about your
decision to remain in the castle during the holidays."

She looked away. This wasn't something she wished to talk to him about.
It was a private matter, as far as she was concerned, and while she knew
he meant well it didn't mean she wanted him trying to involve himself.
She knew he would side with Lucius if he did.

"You are certain you wish to remain here?" Snape said idly, and took a
sip of tea. Across the table Hermione, turned her teacup around in her
hand over and over again, staring at the dark liquid making little
whirlpools in her cup. "Allowing this quiet antagonism between you and
Lucius will only worsen the situation in the long run."

"I don't see how letting him continue to belittle my existence will
benefit anyone but Lucius in the long run. I'm sick of pretending that I
deserve it."

Snape conceded the point. While he lacked both the power and the
inclination to against his old friend, he wasn't blind to the injustices
that had been leveled at his goddaughter. She was a remarkable girl who
had brought much happiness to her foster brother and mother, and could
have been a source of pride to her foster father as well if he had let
her.

He had a memory of her when she was six, still timid and clinging close
to Draco or Narcissa whenever in the presence of strangers. He had
dropped by Malfoy Manor on an errand, and left waiting in the hall when
he happened to pass the study where Draco and Hermione were both being
tutored in geography. The instructor was having them name the European
countries and all of their capitals. Draco had managed to eleven. When
it was Hermione's turn she had name all of them. Every single one. Then
went on to name all the countries and capitals of Asia, the Middle East,
and good portion of Africa. Snape had been rather impressed, but when he
mentioned it to Lucius, his friend had simply muttered that she wasn't
much to look at so she had make up for it somehow.

"He will not be present for the most part. Matters in Germany will keep
him from home more often than not. There is no point in snubbing Draco
and Narcissa."

"Narcissa is too busy exploiting Lucius' status in every store in upper
London to miss me and Draco… I think I have plenty of reasons to snub
him at the moment."

"He has already apologized," Snape pointed out, and while that wasn't
necessarily a reason to forgive the embarrassment he had caused her, he
did not like to see them at odds. They were such a complimentary pair it
seemed a shame to have them fighting over such a tedious matter.

"He hasn't apologized to Ron."

He barely refrained from rolling his eyes. Ronald Weasley, while he had
his uses, was not the sort of boy worth turning on your brother over.
There was really no telling where exactly his loyalty lay or in what
directions it would take him. For all his Slytherin cunning and
ruthlessness, the boy was governed by his emotions more than anything
else and that Gryffindor quality was going to lead him into trouble one
of these days. He only hoped she would realize this before he dragged
her into his problems.

"I am sure Mr. Weasley is terribly disappointed," he said, sardonically.

It was quite well known that the youngest Weasley son was intolerably
smug over having created a rift between the otherwise inseparable
siblings, and if he was feeling the strain between him and his dorm mate
he wasn't showing it.

"That's not the point. Can we please change the subject? I'm not going
to change my mind. I'm staying at Hogwarts for the holidays," she said,
setting down her tea. "Do you think I might be able to visit Harry
during the holiday? He must be terribly lonely out there on his own."

"I assure you, he is in good hands. In any event, I have no intention of
indulging your teenage rebellion against Lucius. I can't afford to be
that openly bias. Besides, Harry will be busy catching up on his
studies. He has a long way to go if he wants to start the second
semester at the same time as everyone else."

She nods, but her disappointment is obvious. Despite the assurances in
his letters that he is alright, she can't help but be worried about him.
There is a melancholy tone to his writing, and she knows whatever really
happened in Berlin took a toll on him spiritually as well as physically.

"Fine," she mutters, and just to be vindictive she adds. "I'll just have
to find ways to amuse myself with Ron over the holidays."

She hid her satisfied grin her teacup at his disapproving glower.

\~Page Break\~

"Good morning, young master!" Vicky greeted, as she opened the door to
Harry's bedroom carrying a breakfast tray. He made an unhappy groan and
pulled his blankets over his head.

"Ugh… can't we put this off until lunch?" he muttered. On her perch,
Elsbeth gave an irritate hoot in agreement. "It's not like there's
anything for me to do once I wake up."

The maid grinned and set the breakfast tray aside for a moment, before
sitting herself at the foot of his bed.

"That's not true. You've got to eat for one thing, and a bath would
probably do you some good, plus your potions, and then I have you down
for a massage. You still have a *ton* of homework to get through before
tomorrow, so you'll want to get started, and-"

"Ugh… stop, stop… you're just depressing me."

"Oh! And hear I just thought you were sulking."

"Hn."

"Did I mention it was snowing?"

"…"

He peeked out from his blankets at her, and she marched herself over to
the window and threw open the curtains. He flinched at the sudden influx
of light, but soon enough his eyes adjusted and he grabbed his glasses
from the nightstand. Against the gray sky he could see the flakes fall,
fat and feathery, just like you always hoped to snow to be. He sat up
and stared.

"Pretty, isn't it?" she said. "It's supposed to come down like this all
day. You should make some sketches when you have the chance."

"Hmm…"

She set the breakfast tray in front of him; eggs, toast, apple slices,
and orange juice. Just the thing a magical invalid needed. He dutifully
took a bite of an apple piece, and she slipped out of his room again to
help Ira do whatever it was she was doing.

It had been three and a half weeks since he left the hospital, and while
he was thankful to be in the company of good friends, he couldn't help
feeling rather melancholy. Ira and Vicky were wonderful women, like the
sort of cousins or aunts he had always wanted growing up, but Ira was
somewhat distracted with planning the wedding (which he could not wrap
his head around six days out of the week) and Vicky was constantly
trying to make him see the bright side of everything. He wasn't quite
ready to put forth the necessary enthusiasm in order to really relate
with them again.

He was tired, his magic was just starting to stabilize and strengthen
after the blood loss he had suffered, his body ached and itched if he
had nothing to distract himself, the final remnants of his pneumonia
persisted keeping him from the outdoors, and nights were filed with
nightmares of drowning and monsters. There was too little for him to do
to take his mind off of the events of last couple of months even with
the tutoring sessions and his caretaker's company. He often found
himself sitting alone and thinking, remembering things about his
childhood before magic and wondering how it had all lead to… what ever
this was. There was blood on his hands and fear in his heart and his
head was filled to bursting with questions and ideas and speculations.

He had never felt so lost in his entire life.

A startled shout and crash from downstairs shook him from his brooding,
and he was out of bed and hurrying down the steps at something close to
his old speed. He skidded through the kitchen door, wand in hand, and
ready to fight but it proved unnecessary. He let out an exasperated
sigh.

"Honestly, my Lord, would it kill you to knock? I know, technically, you
own the entire country and everything in it, but as a gesture of
courtesy?"

Voldemort's smile was anything but apologetic as he flicked his wand,
fixing the broken teapot and vanishing the mess. Ira was just starting
to recover her frazzled nerves. She still was not yet used to the Ruler
of Wizarding Britain's abrupt visits to the cottage at completely random
times without so much a knock on the door to warn them, only to have him
leave anywhere from ten minutes to ten hours later. This was his fourth
unannounced visit, and she was seriously considering putting wards on
the door to have anyone who didn't knock sent straight for a muggle
landfill or the Atlantic Ocean or Severus' dungeons. Vicky on the other
hand had simply curtsied politely and went on as usual, practically
whistling as she continued to shuck peas for dinner.

"Force of habit. Sorry if I'm interrupting anything."

He glanced at Ira, the 'Lady of the House' at it were, who shook her
head and forced a smile. Harry quickly drew back his attention before he
started terrorizing the poor woman.

"What brings you by?"

"You can't guess?" the Voldemort asked, honestly looking surprised.
"Don't you know what today is?"

"Dictatorship Appreciation Day?"

The Dark Lord sighed, and led Harry out of the kitchen for some privacy.

"It's December 21st."

"Okay," the Gryffindor agreed, waiting for the other shoe to drop. "Are
we plotting to assassinate Santa and take over Christmas? I don't think
we would be very popular after- Oh! Oh crap, I completely forgot."

Winter solstice. Today was the winter solstice. How could he have
forgotten?

"Never mind," the Dark Lord dismissed, heading up the stairs. "My plans
for you today are not related to the solstice itself, but since we've
established something of a tradition…"

That was true. They had spent the last three solstices in each other's
company. They marked the most incredible moments of his life, and there
was something surreal that they should be made with Voldemort,
proverbial King of the Britain. Thinking about for too long often left
Harry feeling strangely dizzy.

"I appreciate that, my Lord. I know you're really busy. How are things
in Germany?"

The man looked around his room curiously, like he always did when found
himself there. Harry frankly didn't understand his interest. It was a
simple enough room. White walls, wooden floor, an iron frame bed with a
blue and green checkered comforter, his school trunk at the foot, a
wooden table piled with study material, a bookshelf with books and the
little trinkets he had collected over the years, and a few sketches
stuck to the wall. Elsbeth cocked her head at him curiously then settled
back and fell asleep again. His breakfast tray was still on the bed,
barely touched.

Voldemort helped himself to an apple slice.

"Well enough, with Germany itself. Dumbledore has made his reappearance
and taken over the organization of the resistance. Our forward advance
has been halted for the time being, but we are solidly entrenched now.
If I can convince the Polish minister to commit some troops to the
effort I am certain we'll be able to make another advancement, but
frankly I am more concerned with preventing any alliances between
Dumbledore and Germany's neighbors."

"Sounds complicated," Harry said, suddenly distracted at the mention of
Dumbledore. His own feelings towards the man were contradictory and
confusing, but the thought that Viktor may have died for him was more
than a little sickening.

"Nothing you need to worry yourself about. How are your studies?"

"Ira thinks I'm ready to go back to school after the holidays. She's
going to talk to Snape about it when he shows up. I really need to get
out of this house."

"The estrogen level becoming too much?"

Harry rolled his eyes. "I like Ira and Victoria just fine, but Hogwarts…
Hogwarts is home."

"Hhmm… just so," he agreed, running his finger along the bindings of
some old textbooks. Then he turned his attention to his protégé, his
expression sharpening. "Take your shirt off."

The Gryffindor just stared at him. Voldemort sighed.

"I really don't have a lot of time today. I have sacrificial offerings
that need to be taken care of before I return to the office, and this is
going to take up at least an hour all its own so if you don't mind…"

Harry rolled his eyes, and took off his pajamas shirt. It wasn't as if
the man hadn't seen him starkers already. "Leave the door cracked, I
don't want the ladies getting any weird ideas about what we're doing."

"Spoilsport. Lay down on the bed, face up."

While he did as he was told, the Dark Lord removed a clay jar from him
robes and took a paintbrush from his desk.

"What *are* we doing exactly?"

"I found a way to prevent you from being possessed by anything or anyone
against your will. It's a very old technique founded in Japan. I managed
to get in contact with a sect of Shinto priest who were willing to send
me the necessary items to perform the spell. I expect you to write them
a very appreciative thank you letter."

Harry didn't know what a Shinto priest was, but if Voldemort was in
willing to deal with them they must have been pagans of some sort.
People still believed in lots of gods in Asian countries didn't they?

"What do I have to do?"

"Just lay there. They have performed most of the necessary rituals
themselves already. Pull your pants down a little; I have to paint this
over your entire stomach."

He did so, feeling increasingly awkward. The Dark Lord shook the jar a
few times to remix the contents and then uncorked it. A strange scent
wafted through the room, smelling strongly of unfamiliar bitter herbs
and sulfur. Carefully, the man started to paint across his stomach. It
felt cold and tingly, and not entirely pleasant. Harry hoped whatever it
looked like wouldn't become a tattoo like the other marks. He was going
to run out of available skin if things kept up like this.

"So… what does this spell do exactly?"

"There is a common belief within several Asian cultures that the soul
resides not in the heart or the head, but in the stomach or rather the
lower abdomen. Certain studies in Western wizardry support this theory.
According to Shintoism and based on Hindu teachings, the spirit must
first anchor itself in the *Manipura*, the solar plexus chakra in the
stomach and then travel up the body until it reaches the *Sahasrara*,
the crown chakra in the brain. There are reports of spirits lying
dormant within the *Manipura* for decades without their host knowing
before they decide to manifest themselves. Additionally, some
possessions will instead travel down to the *Svadhisthana*, the sacral
chakra in order to perform Immaculate Conception."

"Like the virgin Mary?"

"To name one. In the East, it is not unheard of for women to suddenly
give birth to gods or for men to sire demons by the same mechanism. The
nature and manipulation of chakra is a vast and complicated study."

"So what are you doing to me? Messing around with my… *Manipura?*"

"If I were to 'mess around' with it, you'd likely die horribly. No, I am
simply putting a seal over it to prevent anything from anchoring itself.
When you wish to deactivate the seal, you'll need to… cut yourself."

Harry lifted his head to look at him like he was mad.

"Why would I want to deactivate it? That's… why would I *want* to be
possessed?"

Voldemort gave him a look that said he was being unusually daft.

"Not all possessions involve taking over the body like Greyback did.
Much of it is less invasive. The solstice rituals we performed are one
example. When you accept the blessing of a god it is the same thing. It
all starts in the *Manipura* and radiates through the chakra points
until it is released into the rest of the body."

He thought on that for long time as the Dark Lord continued his
mysterious drawings. The bitter smell was starting to fade, but his
stomach tingled and was starting to feel incredibly empty while rest of
his body felt increasingly heavy.

"Hey…I feel weird."

"The spell absorbs a lot of magical energy. You should sleep."

"No…I want to see it first."

"I am almost done."

Harry drifted, his thoughts growing dull. He certainly hadn't thought
his day would turn out like this. In a weird way, it was comforting to
know life would throw in a few magical surprises that *didn't* nearly
kill him or anyone else.

"Hey…"

"Yes," the Dark Lord said distractedly.

"Thanks for coming… and the mani-thingy spell. You're kinda cool when
you're not scaring the shit out of me."

There was an amused snort, but no further comment as the man continued
working. Harry tried to stay awake for a little longer, but no matter
how long he waited it seemed there was still more to do until eventually
he drifted off.

When he awoke, two days later, there were no sign of any seals on his
stomach and he felt no different than he did any other day. He was
convinced it had all been a strange dream until he went down to
breakfast and found Snape sitting at the table. The professor glanced up
at him from his newspaper, and slid a book across the table towards him.
The title read *Introduction to the Basic Principles of Chakra and their
Many Uses by Siddhartha Sandi, translation by Ursula Norbleet*.

"Our Lord thought you might me interested in that… *after* you catch up
on your homework."

\~ Page Break\~

Robert reached for his coffee cup, then stopped when he remembered it
was empty and had been for the last hour. He debated the merits of
breaking his work stride to make another pot. Normally, Kyle would take
care of these things. Coffee, lunch, invoices, phone calls… little
things that otherwise swallowed the time he needed to handle the legal
aspect of his business.

Kyle wasn't here thought. Kyle was in the country with the girls, no
doubt cursing him for not being there with them. He had promised after
all. What he hadn't factored on was that the war effort would prove so
utterly inconvenient for due process. London had always been the center
of legal matters in England. It held a majority of the court offices,
particularly those that dealt with civil suites, which were his
specialty. Or it had until the last two months. Legislation had been
passed to begin decentralizing the various court offices from London to
four other cities, which wouldn't have been so bad if the price of using
the floo network hadn't tripled as a result and the time it took to have
a court document processed hadn't just quadrupled. The Court
spokesperson assured everyone that things would be back to normal by
late spring, and that it was a necessary step to insuring the stability
of Britain's government. This was all likely true (especially if the
mess in Germany were to serve as an example), but it also meant Robert
was stuck waiting around in London to finish up cases that should have
been done a month ago.

All the while the double mortgage he was paying, the steady rise in
prices within the city, and the back log of invoices were quickly
putting him into debt. He needed an assistant, which he couldn't afford
without another client, a well to do client not living in London
preferably, and he couldn't get anymore clients without an assistant
handling the advertisement that he didn't have any idea about. Kyle
could have done it all with the ease that he did everything else, but
there was no way he was bringing him or the girls back to London.
Germany was still reeling from its enormous loss, but once it recovered
there was doubt on where it would strike first.

So here he was, over worked, broke, and alone in a little flat that
could get blown up at any minute. He decided to make himself another pot
of coffee.

Just as he was making his way to the kitchen, a knock sounded at the
door. He sighed. No doubt it was Mrs. Rutherfield wondering why he
hadn't called her back yet about her bill. He mentally steeled himself
for the inevitable shouting, straightened himself out a bit in the hall
mirror, and answered the door.

It was *not* Mrs. Rutherfield.

"Are you Robert Reicher?" Lucius Malfoy, the picture of aristocratic
pride in his full military uniform, asked without really asking.

"I…yes, I am he," he managed, more than a little stunned. Quickly, he
snapped himself out of it, and stood aside. "Please come in, General
Malfoy."

The man seemed pleased that he knew him on sight and used the proper
title, but then how many people wouldn't know him? His face appeared in
the papers *at least* every other day. The question was, why was he
here?

"Mr. Reicher, I find I am in need of a lawyer."

\~ Page Break\~

Harry started his journey back to Hogwarts with a level of enthusiasm he
hadn't realized he was even capable of anymore. The mob of reporters
waiting for him on Platform 9 ¾ had done little to dampen his mood. The
mob of students waiting for him on the train… well, actually fairly
enjoyable.

"LORD CHAOS LIVES! ALL HAIL CHAOS!" George cheered down the passenger
car, while Fred was busy trying to shake his hand off his arm. To
Harry's embarrassment several other students shouted out a *Hurray!* and
burst out into laughter.

"It's great to see you again, Harry," Fred said, swinging an arm over
the boy's shoulder. "The school just hasn't been the same without you.
Although, leading the invasion into Germany *was* pretty awesome.
According to the *Tattler* you blew up the underground."

The younger Gryffindor hoped they were joking, because that was little
bit too close to the truth for his own peace of mind. Snape had told him
in advance that while most of the student body believed he was captured
and badly injured during the rescue, his friends had been made aware of
the more sordid details.

"No, that was Voldemort… I think. I don't really remember all that well.
Critically wounded and all that," he said as lightly as he could manage.
They seemed to sense his discomfort on the subject though and steered
things away from it.

"Well, you look great. Did you get the package we sent you?"

"Was it a package that every time you opened it there was another
package in it? For like… thirty tries?"

"Yeah."

"Snape wanted me to let you know in advance that you're spending
Saturday mucking the owlry. You do know he has to check all my packages
before he hands them off to me, don't you?"

They grinned at each other. "It must have slipped our minds. Hey, don't
forget about the business venture we discussed before you left. Even
with the holidays ended we'll still have a lot of customers to satisfy."

He had forgotten about it, honestly. His black market smuggling
operation to and from Hogwarts hadn't been at the forefront of his
attention, and right now he didn't know if he would be sent out of the
school often enough for it to work any more, but he was willing to try.
It still sounded like a lot of fun.

He asked if they had seen Hermione and was surprised to learn she had
stayed behind at Hogwarts for the holidays, apparently with Ron although
that might have just been another one of their jokes. She hadn't
mentioned anything about it in her letters.

"Well, who knows? There was a whole falling out between her and Draco,"
George said. "You'll have to ask him about it yourself."

Finding Draco took nearly hour, not because the Slytherin was being
particularly evasive, but because people kept stopping him to make
conversation including several dueling club members and friends from his
house, among them Ginny and Clyde who confirmed that Hermione had stayed
behind. When he finally found Draco, he was sulking in his compartment
with Natalie and some other Slytherins pointedly ignoring him.

"Harry!" Natalie cheered, throwing her arms around him. "We weren't
expecting you back so soon!"

"Can't have you all getting complacent on me, now can I? So tell me
what's happened while I was… er…"

"Indispose?" Draco offered blandly. He glared at the other people in the
compartment and made a sharp gesture for the door. Grumbling, they stood
and shuffled out into the hall. It was rude, but Harry wasn't going to
argue to let them stay. He doubted everything they were going to talk
about was meant for their ears. "Good to see you aren't horribly
mangled."

"I missed you too, darling," Harry laughed, and settled in next to
Natalie. "Now what's this Hermione and Ron business?"

It was entirely the wrong question to ask, because it sent Draco into a
furious monologue about… well, he wasn't sure what it was about but it
involved some sort of rumor and Draco punching Ron and Lucius Malfoy
being called in and Hermione being angry at him and it was really Ron's
fault and he was somehow slipping her potions when no one was look and
making her totally unreasonable. At some point, Natalie started tuning
him out and asking Harry how he had been and what he had done for the
holidays. With the young Malfoy having lost all semblance of coherency
and knowing he was just going to have to wait and ask Hermione, he
picked up the conversation with her.

He explained how the last two months had been utterly dull, with nothing
to do but study and heal. Everything before the last two months was
carefully avoided, and she didn't pry. She told him about her own
charity campaigns which were still immensely popular, the substitute
Dueling club captains who were taking over after Snape demoted both Ron
and Draco for their recent stupidity, a whole ridiculous slew of rumors
that popped up about Harry, some particularly funny accidents in
potions, and an idiot had knocked up one of the seventh-year
Hufflepuffs. Oh, and Fred and George had turned an entire corridor into
a swamp in his honor. Professor Flitwick was terribly impressed and
didn't even dock any house points.

Eventually Draco was distracted enough from his own personal angst to
contribute to the conversation and asked relentless questions about
Snape's fiancé who he had only met a few times over the summer. It
wasn't the same without Hermione, but he managed to enjoy himself until
he got tired and dozed off.

When he woke again they were in Hogsmeade and a blizzard was coming down
on the little village. Atop its hill, he could just barely make out the
burning torches of the castle. Outside the winter wind ripped through
his clothing like paper, and he hurried into the nearest available couch
to escape it. A familiar excitement filled him. He had been gone for so
long it felt like returning after summer break, and endless
possibilities waited upon his return.

The travel to Hogwarts was slow and cumbersome, and the coaches rocked
dangerously from side to side in the wind. Natalie held on to him
tightly every time it shook, but it was Natalie. She may have just been
looking for an excuse.

And then he was home, walking through the portcullis and shaking the
snow from his clothes. The ancient stones were glowing warmly in the
firelight, and all around him familiar faces were laughing and talking
and hugging one another. Teachers were gathered along the edges to greet
their students, and among them was McGonagall whose severe expression
softened a bit when she saw him. He grinned back at her.

"Harry!"

He spun around and found Hermione practically swimming through the
crowds towards him. She hesitated for a moment when she reached him,
looking him up and down for possible frailty. He rolled his eyes and
pulled her into a hug, and she broke out into laughter.

"It's so wonderful your back! I missed you so much!"

"I missed you too. It feels like for-"

"AAAAHHH!!!"

They both turned to the other side of the room at the sound of terrified
shrieking. Amongst the melee of students, one particularly unfortunate
girl was panicking and flailing about as large clumps of her hair
started falling off her head and something that might have warts or
might have been boils began popping out all over her.

"Oh my," Hermione said, her eyes wide. "It looks like someone slipped
poor Trudy Sabbat some Troll Juice. The twins really shouldn't have
snuck those into the holiday party favors. Who knows whose hands they
wound up in."

He gaped at her. "*Hermione!*"

"Don't look at me!" she said, in mocking indignation. "Would I do
something like that? Besides, you were with me the entire time!"

He glanced around the hall.

"Yeah, but where was Ron?"

She shrugged and he rolled his eyes.

"Honestly, I'm gone for two months and he's corrupted you!" he said, and
then grinned. "I have to say I rather like the change. I'll assume she
deserved it?"

"And then some! I'll tell you all about it on the way to the tower, and
you can tell me what Uncle Severus' wedding plans are. He's been
horribly secretive."

"Hermione, I don't think he even knows what the plans are. He's left Ira
to plan the whole thing on her own. I don't know what she would have
done without Vicky there to help her. I think she's going to make her
the Maid of Honor at this point."

They made their way to the tower, an easy conversation flowing between
them as if nothing in the previous semester had ever happened. He basked
in the simple pleasure of it, knowing eventually it would fade and he
would be faced once again with his painful past and his uncertain
future.

For now, however, he could forget and simply enjoy the moment.

Author's Notes:

Rhiannon's daughter is a special case. Even though she's called a
goddess, she does in fact have a half-human soul. She's really the
spirit of a demi-god. The way in which she died prevents her from taking
on a god's mantle, so she lives in a between state, attaching herself to
specific sorts of people.

Goodfellows, like in Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream, are
sprites that like to play tricks on humans.