# Return of the Prince

The password, surprisingly, hadn't been changed over the weekend as per the
usual custom. Harry wondered if they hadn't changed it because of him, like a
porch light left on to welcome home a prodigal son. Perhaps he was just being
overly sentimental.

No one was in the commons room when he entered, and likewise, the first year
dormitory was empty. The first thing he did was open his trunk and quickly
locate those previous items he hadn't risked carrying during the Quidditch
match. His wand, warm and magnificent in his grasp, and his watch which was
scorching hot.

"It's not my fault I'm late," he said, "I ran in to a couple of...
*problems*."

After a moment, the watch seemed pacified and cooled to his touch. Checking
the time, he was unsurprised to find it dinner time. Not wanting to cause yet
another scene in the Great Hall, he found his usual cubby corner in the common
room and started to draw sketches in the troublesome diary. It was a strange
little thing. Whatever he drew in there disappeared shortly after, but if he
requested it back, it would appear again. Occasionally, the diary actually put
in little comments or doodles of its own.

Today, it seemed particularly chatty.

*Where have you been? And what have you been doing? The subject matter is very different from your usual.*

Harry took a moment from his sketch of Remus, in werewolf form, staring up
close at the observer. He was having difficulty translating the lycanthropes'
bright and curious eyes in ink alone, and welcomed the distraction.

*You wouldn't believe the last couple of days I had. I've won a Quidditch match, been kidnaped and nearly murdered, and met one of my father's old friends who happens to be a werewolf and my godfather's mate. He's a werewolf too. And it turns out my parents were wizards after all. Seems they forgot to mention it to me.*

He went back to his sketch, practicing the eyes with some quick doodles on the
edge of the diary. It was several minutes later before the diary finally made
a response.

*And I thought drawing was your only outlet for creativity. I see you're trying your pen at fiction as well.*

*Go suck an egg,* was Harry's tart reply.

The diary's clever retort was to make the half completed sketch of Remus
suddenly disappear.

"Hey!" he said, indignantly. Irritated, and now developing a slight headache,
he shoved the diary into his bag and felt distinctly better. He had started to
theorize that the charmed journal drew on the magic of the writer to perform
its clever tricks, and handling it too long caused his frequent headaches. It
was such a neat little book though, and having so little that was really his,
Harry couldn't bring himself to get rid of it or tell anyone who might take it
away. This included Hermione, for though she was a very good friend, she was a
bit of a worry wort. Any thing with even the most slim possibility of being
cursed was a reason for days of endless and tireless research.

And that was why it was a stroke of luck that he got rid of it when he did,
because not half a minute later Hermione came stalking through the door
looking the most worried Harry had ever seen her... and angriest too.

"Of all the pig-headed, stupid, insensitive, load of swill..," she seethed,
stomping noisily through the portrait hole. She was followed closely by Clyde,
who was still scarfing down a piece of bread from dinner. "As if Harry would
just run away! He was just so bloody miserable after his incredible Quidditch
victory and all his adoring fans, and then saying he'd explain everything
later, that he just decided to take a jog through the Forbidden Forest!
Honestly, does Draco think I'm that naive? That I'm *stupid?!*"

"Hermione," Clyde protested, his mouth still full of bread, "he was probably
just trying to make you feel better. You prophesizing Harry's gloom and doom
wasn't exactly helping matters."

"If he wanted to make me feel better, he could start by investigating some of
those Slytherin housemates of his. If anyone had motive and opportunity, it
was them. They've been acting suspicious for days now, and did you see that
Morgenson and Whitehall were absent during dinner? Do you think the Court
finally suspects they have something to do with Harry's disappearance?"

"Well, I'm certain they do now," Harry said, finally choosing to reveal
himself as he stepped out of the hidden cubby. Both his friends let out a
startled shriek at his sudden appearance, staring at him as if he were a
ghost... well,a ghost other than usual wandering Hogwarts. He gave them both
an amused grin.

"Not exactly the warm welcome I was hoping for, but-"

Before he could say anything further, he found himself with an armful of
sobbing female.

"Thank God," Hermione cried, "I thought for certain something awful had
happened to you..." And then, conceiving that something awful still *could*
have happened, she pulled away to give him a very thorough inspection.

"Harry, mate!" Clyde said, "Don't scare us like that!"

"Well, I didn't want you to choke on your dinner, so I waited a moment at
least. And Hermione! Stop it! The school nurse gave me a very thorough check
up already. I'm fine," he assured them. Hermione didn't look convinced .

"What happened, Harry? When you didn't show up in the Tower, Fred and George
went looking for you, but couldn't find you. We had to tell McGonagall, and
she alerted the entire school and we still couldn't find you. The Court even
got involved the next morning, and searched the entire castle and even some of
the Forbidden Forest. There were rumors that they found some of your clothing
or your equipment in there."

*Wrong forest*, he wanted to say, but checked himself. It was so tempting to just spill the last several days he'd had, and the visit with Voldemort as well. Instead his mind scurried to pull together the story he had been told to give.

"Just rumors, I'm sure," he said, "Though you were right about Whitehall and
Morgenson. They ambushed me outside of the locker room."

"I knew it!" Clyde announced, looking thoroughly indignant, "I knew it had to
have been one of those bloody Slytherins!"

"Oh really?" Hermione said, her expression blank. The boy looked a bit
sheepish.

"Well, I never *disagreed* with you."

"Anyway," Harry continued. He went on to give them the contrived story about
being confunded and abandoned in the muggle world, WYRA's rescue, and his
return early that morning. He tried to play it off as a bad prank, keeping the
telling light and even humorous. Clyde listened rapt with his tale, but the
more he talked the more angry Hermione seemed to become.

"Of all the wretched..." she fumed, "You could have been killed! You could
have been mugged, beaten, kidnaped, or even raped! I can't believe those two
would do something so horribly irresponsible and petty over a silly game!"

"Hey!" both boys protested on behalf of their 'silly game'.

"Well, really!" Hermione huffed.

Before an argument could breakout over the merits of Quidditch, the portrait
opened to let in a couple of third years. Their reaction, like Hermione's and
Clyde's, was to let out shrieks of surprise and then stare stupidly for
several moments. Feeling a bit awkward under their awed study, Harry forced a
smile and a little wave.

"Hello."

"No way!" cried a tawny haired girl. "You're *alive*!"

"I think so," Harry agreed, and then took his pulse to make sure. "Yep, still
here."

"Oh my God, no one's going to believe this!" said her companion, a lightly
freckled boy., and then an instant later disappeared back through the portrait
hole. The girl looked suddenly flustered with being alone with the now
infamous, Harry Potter. She opened her mouth as if to ask something, shut it,
opened it again, changed her mind and ran after her escaping companion.

The trio stared at the portrait hole for a moment, then looked to each other.

"What was that?" asked Clyde.

"I dunno," offered Harry, "but I hope *everyone* doesn't react that way. It
was funny the first time, but it gets old fast."

Hermione looked a bit amused, her previous worry dissipating with the
realization that he really was *here* and he was safe, unharmed, and in good
spirits. With her good mood restored, her next words were a bit teasing.

"What do you expect? It's not every day one of your housemates wins a
Quidditch match against Slytherin, is kidnaped, presumed dead, and then
returns. You can bet this is going to be in the *Wizard Weekly* too."

Harry groaned at the thought. He, like most people, had his fair share of
daydreams about being famous, but it had never occurred to him that it would
be quite this... embarrassing.

"And then of course, there'll be interviews," Hermione continued. "There's
already been several reporters following this story who visited the school,
and interviewed the students and teachers, so you can bet there will be at
least three times as many as before."

Clyde made a grimace.

"Bloody nuisance they made of themselves too. They must of heard we were good
mates, 'cause they seem to follow me and Hermione like puppies... creepy
puppies with cameras and notebooks and *no* respect for privacy. One bloke
followed me into the *bathroom*! Can you believe it?"

Harry wished he didn't.

"I know!" Hermione said, her teasing tone now indignant. "I think the same
fellow tried to follow me up into the *girl's* dormitory! He set the wards off
and McGonagall came storming in. I've never seen her look so mad! She
transfigured his notebook into a bird and threw it out the window. Then, he
actually had the gall to yell at her about freedom of the press and the right
to free speech!"

"What happened?" Harry asked.

"She transfigured his camera into a fish and threw out the window and into the
lake! Then she said if she ever found him in the tower again she'd turn him
into a pig and let him loose in the Forbidden Forest," Clyde said, and then
let out a long hooting laugh.

"But it's going to be ten times worse for you, Harry," she said, looking
sympathetic. "Not only are the reporters going to come after you for the
story, so is every other over curious classmate and teacher. And they *can*
follow you anywhere in the school."

---

Harry had hoped Hermione was exaggerating, but it was less than an hour before
her prediction came true. The two third years had rushed off to immediately
tell their entire house that the Black Cat of Gryffindor apparently still had
an extra seven or eight lives. The other tables near by quickly learned of
what was happening, and dinner wasn't even half over when half the student
body got out of their seats in order to storm Gryffindor tower. A few
reporters who had lingered for the day managed to slip into the crowd with
them.

Harry and his friends were soon cornered in the common's room, and no amount
of verbal or physical aversion could get them away or around the curious
horde. A continuous stream of questions was poured out, most of which Harry
couldn't answer and the rest he had to lie about if he said anything at all.

Some of the questions were obvious: Where have you been? Why did you
disappear? Who was responsible?

Other questions were just bizarre: Where you influenced by the alignment of
the planets? Do you have any injuries now of a magical nature? Have your eyes
always been that bright?

And some were just plan inappropriate: Did any of those London Muggles *touch*
you, Harry? If you could take revenge on your abductors, what punishment would
you choose? Do you think the love of your girlfriend (*'I beg your pardon!'
Hermione snapped.) *guided you home?

To everything Harry replied either, 'I'm not allowed to say, it's under
investigation,' or 'I don't know. I was confunded most of the time,'. After
half an hour of this, several repeats of the same questions and answers, and
no end in sight, Harry said nothing and settled himself in for a long night.

It was almost midnight, when McGonagall finally arrived at the commons room
and sent everyone to bed. Their *own* beds, and that included the other houses
and the reporters who had invaded her domain. She spared a clearly exhausted
Harry a pat on the shoulder, and sent him on his way. Even here his dorm mates
tried to question him, until a rather protective Clyde told them all to leave
Harry the bloody hell alone for eight bloody hours.

The next day wasn't much better, and Harry had to use every bit of his (and
Hermione's and the Weasley twin's) wits to get to his classes without being
cornered, questioned, and made tardy. Classes were a welcome reprieve, as none
of the reporters dared interrupt a professor's class- they were all extremely
short tempered it seemed and with collections of hexes that only the most
deviant intellectuals might acquire- and they were all being extra firm on the
'no talking in class' rule. Harry had actually been relieved when Professor
Snape had informed him he would be making up his lab practicals that Saturday.
The prospect of that weekend without any privacy was bleak enough without the
benefits of his professor's protection..

Meals were taken in the kitchens with the house elves, who cooed and clucked
over him, but didn't ask any questions beyond 'how many lumps of sugar would
Mr. Potter like in his tea?' Studying was the trickiest venture, since regular
trips to the library were required and reporters liked to hang outside and
wait for him or one of his friends to come through. Removing his glasses and
transfiguring his tie and badge different House's colors worked twice, but
they quickly caught on. Luckily, the twins thought it hilarious fun to help
their 'idol', and they were a treasure trove of disguises, pranks, and
distractions.

By Friday, Harry was on the verge of hexing someone.

"Bloody hell, when will this end?"

Clyde shrugged, his demeanor almost as sullen as Harry. Constantly being
questioned when Harry wasn't around, and then completely ignored when he was,
was a blow to his pride as well as his patience. Hermione was also irritable,
but she had experience dealing with reporters because of her father's activity
in politics and could see the end in sight.

"The Dark Lord has been gone for most of the week," she said, "And the
Headmistress has been too busy trying to salvage the situation regarding her
failure to protect a student to deal with it all properly. That's the only
reason this nonsense has been allowed to continue. When he gets back, those
reporters won't be allowed anywhere closer than Hogsmeade."

He didn't think it possible, but Harry was actually looking forward to
Voldemort's return. A return which would be the Saturday after next at the
latest, when Slytherin and Ravenclaw Quidditch teams would face off.

That weekend Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw were playing. Harry wished he could go
and watch them, but with the enormous amount of overdue homework and the
castle mostly empty, Hermione had succeeded in convincing him to spend the
morning in the library. They were unexpectedly joined there by Draco and
Natalie. Both complained it was too cold to watch a bunch of Powderpuffs and
Bookworms fumble around on broomsticks. Ron, who was sulking over Potion's
essay, didn't look like he agreed, but had tagged along anyway.

Their whispered discussions over alchemy, aconite, and the Elven-Orcan War of
1222 gradually lapsed into more casual matters in more casual tones.

"Where's your other fellow today? What's his name? Claude or something," asked
Draco, not looking up from his DADA textbook.

"Clyde? Unlike me, he's actually had all week to do his homework," Harry said,
not bothering to look up from his Astronomy text book either.

"So what's your excuse, Hermione?" asked Natalie, who *did* look up and rather
slyly at that.

"I don't much care for Quidditch," she replied and made it an actual point to
not look up.

"Then why were you at the Gryffindor-Slytherin game if you don't like
Quidditch?" the blonde witch inquired. At this Draco glanced surreptitiously
up at her.

"Harry asked me, of course."

"*Really?"* This time, Natalie's curious gaze turned to Harry. It felt
strangely accusatory, though Harry couldn't fathom why she be imply he'd done
something devious.

"She wouldn't have come otherwise," he explained defensively, "I was sworn to
secrecy, and couldn't tell her beforehand. I figured she'd be mad at me
afterwards if I didn't ask her to come see for herself."

"How in the name of Merlin did you get on the team in the first place?" Ron
blurted out, as it was clearly something that had bothered him for a while
now. Harry couldn't help but feel a bit smug with his answer.

"Punishment," he said.

"*Punishment?"* asked the three Slytherins. Hermione, who had learned of it
all from the twins and then from Harry directly, shared an amused look with
her troublesome friend.

"Yes. I was *forced* to play Quidditch," Harry explained, "As *punishment* for
disobeying the professor during flying lessons."

Ron had gone completely white.

"B-b-but... I had to scrub out cauldrons! Why aren't I playing Quidditch?"

Harry thought it perfectly obvious, but the boy looked so disturbed that he
didn't have the heart to be bluntly honest about the matter.

"Well, I suppose the Head of our Houses chooses punishments that best help the
school, and preferably their own houses. Professor Snape must have felt their
was a greater need for clean cauldrons than for a new Slytherin Seeker."

"Amen to that," said Draco, "Father took me to a Gryffindor-Slytherin match
last year. Gryffindor got *creamed*. I was almost embarrassed to watch. But
still... Quidditch as punishment?"

"Were you *watching* the match out there? I thought I was going to die. Your
team is *evil*."

Draco's looked backed to his book. None of his Slytherin friends, or Ron, had
questioned him about the events of his disappearance, more out of lack of
opportunity than anything else. The other three houses had been pretty
protective of him, and he had not been alone with a Slytherin since his
return. So Harry was unsurprised when the Malfoy heir used the conversational
opening to ask in the most disinterested tone the matter that was most
definitely of interest to him.

"Yes, well, you would know. I heard aWhitehall and Morgenson have been
suspended because of their involvement in your disappearance. I trust they
didn't rough you up too badly?"

"I don't know. I was confunded, remember?" was Harry's automatic reply.

A look of annoyance passed over Draco's face briefly, but it quickly turned
neutral again. Ron who was slightly appeased by Harry's earlier response, had
returned to sulking over his essay. Natalie didn't bother hiding her
skepticism, her brow arched elegantly at him.

"Surely, you remember *something*," she asked.

"Nothing I haven't told half the reporters in Britain at least twenty times. I
don't know why everyone keeps asking me. WYRA probably knows more about what
happened than I do. Ask Snape about it, he probably knows quite a bit. I wish
everyone would just shut up about the matter and leave me alone."

The opportunity for interrogation having passed, Draco slid easily onto other
subjects. This time it was a matter so non sequitur , it threw off both Harry
and Hermione.

"Father wished me to invite you to our family Christmas Party."

"What?!"

Madam Pince, Hogwart's rather strict librarian, sent a warning glare from the
check out desk..

Amazingly, it was the adopted Malfoy and not the invited who had shouted out
in surprise. Her expression was so horrified, Harry couldn't help but wonder
if Malfoy Christmas parties were a code word for 'apocalypse'. Draco rolled
his eyes.

"You can't be that surprised?" he said, "After all, he's on good terms with
the Dark Lord, *and* appeared in the papers on two separate occasions. And he
isn't even twelve yet."

"Draco Narsissio Malfoy, my friends are not father's toys! I won't have him
playing his deranged political games with him!"

Draco ignored his sister's outburst, turning a conspiratory look towards Harry
and grinning wickedly. "If Father invites you for a private talk, *run*. He'll
probably try to arrange a betrothal between you and Hermione... or me. Which
ever he thinks will most appeal to you."

Harry just blinked stupidly at him, unsure if he was joking or not, while
Hermione sputtered and blushed.

"Oh, and of course, you two are invited as well," Draco said, waving
dismissively at his companions.

"Jeepers," Natalie said sarcastically, "Thanks for remembering us non-
celebutantes."

"Yes, well, one must acknowledge the little people from time to time."

"Brother!"

Madam Pince slammed down one of her ancient books.

"WILL YOU ALL BE QUIET?! THIS IS A LIBRARY NOT A GOSSIP HALL!"

---

That afternoon found Harry descending the stairs to the lower dungeons. He had
two potions he was expected to brew, and according to Clyde they were lengthy.
He'd need at *least,* three hours to finish them, and he couldn't have been
happier.

"Potter," Snape growled, taking in the boy's dusty, cobweb ridden clothes with
irritation. "I know this is a Saturday, but a little effort towards your
appearance is still warranted."

Harry blushed, pausing a moment to pat some of the dust off. He only succeeded
in making himself sneeze, and making Snape look even more irritated.

"Sorry, Professor. Some reporters tried to corner me outside the library and I
had to duck into a secret passage."

The dour potion's master said nothing to that, and merely swished his wand at
him. Instantly, the dust and cobwebs disappeared and his robe look freshly
laundered and pressed.

"Thanks," Harry offered reluctantly.

"Don't bother. Cobwebs are a potent potion's ingredient and I don't want to
spend all day here because they keep falling into your work," he sneered,
pointing towards the only work station with a burner already set up.

"Well, then thanks for nothing," Harry muttered and stomped over his station.
Skimming over the directions on the board, he filled his cauldron a third of
the way full with water and set it to boil, then went to gather his
ingredients. As he was sorting through the various containers, Snape settle
behind his desk with stack of essays in front of him, but favored watching the
boy like a hawk over his grading.

"Are you finished with your essay on aging botanicals and their affects on
Sleeping Draughts, yet?" the man queried, looking like he already suspected
the answer as unsatisfactory.

"Almost," Harry responded. "Speaking of which, your wormwood is starting to
mold."

"That's for sixth year potions. Fresh wood is just to the left. I suppose my
Goddaughter warned you about that?"

Harry left the storage closet, and returned to his work station, separating
each ingredient in the order he would have to add them to the cauldron.

"No, why?"

"You're only the third or fourth Gryffindor to notice. And exactly how
complete is 'almost'. I expect it by Monday, along with the essay on Pepper-
up."

"I just need to write the conclusion and revise it. I'd be done by now, but
Hermione got us kicked out of the library for yelling." Looking over the
directions again, the young Gryffindor began pulling the seeds out of the
milkweed pods and separating them from the down. It was a bit tricky, as a
lapse in concentration would cause the feathery material to fly into the air
and drift dangerously close to his cauldron.

"Hermione? Yell in a library? I imagine Draco was involved in some capacity,"
the dark man said, mostly to himself.

"Well, yes. And Malfoy Sr. too, I suppose. I've been invited to their
Christmas party. Draco says his father's going to suggest a betrothal, but I
think he was just playing."

The older man snorted.

"Don't be so sure. Draco's already gone through two betrothals, and Hermione's
likely to be engaged before graduation."

"What?! That's... that's... gross!"

Snape rolled his eyes. "I know, imagine all those nasty cooties they got!" he
said sarcastically.

"That's not what I meant and you know it!" he huffed, turning down the heat to
his now boiling cauldron and stirring the water twelve times with the piece of
wormwood. There was a long silence, before questions started popping up in his
head. "Would he really try to set up a betrothal with me?"

"To you? Perhaps. With you? No. You're still a minor and a ward of the school.
If he were to ask anyone it would be the Headmistress or even Voldemort."

"What? Why would they have any say in the matter?!"

Snape gave him an irritated look.

"Are you or are you not a ward of the school?"

"... Voldemort, though?"

"No authority *technically*, but do you think the headmistress would defy him
in any manner whatsoever?"

Harry said nothing to a perfectly obvious answer. For nearly half an hour he
worked on his potion and pondered what he should do. He certainly didn't want
anyone marrying him off, but his presence at the Christmas party didn't seem
like it would prevent it if that was what the Malfoy patriarch wanted.

"What do you think I should do?" he asked finally.

Snape, who had been quietly occupied with his grading said nothing and Harry
thought he was either being ignored or hadn't been heard. Heaving a heavy
sigh, he turned back to his potion and nearly dropped his ladle when the man
spoke.

"Why ask me?"

"Er...well, you're friends with the Malfoys so... I figured... Slytherins and
all...um.."

"I'm sorry I don't speak in fragmented sentences. Shall we bring in someone to
translate?"

"Well, do you want me as your *other* godson...er, godson-in-law?"

The man gave him a long, considering look, and the longer he looked the more
his considerations seemed to disturb him. Harry gave him his nastiest scowl.

"I doubt it's something you... *we*... need to worry about. You might have
gained some attention, but that may fall on either side of the fence or fade
away altogether. Lucius Malfoy won't make such a gamble so early in the game."

"So I should go?"

"If only so as not to insult the Malfoys, yes."

Harry nodded, feeling relieved that a course of action was decided upon.
Unfortunately, his relief was short lived as he realized his potions had
turned from the correct blue green to dark green. Letting out a startled yelp,
he quickly removed the overheating potions from the fire.

"Of course," Snape said, watching smugly as Harry puttered about trying to
save his brew, "Advice from Slytherin is always self-serving. I recommend
taking it in small doses."
