# The King's Justice

Remus woke Harry before dawn the next morning. Silently and a bit
stiffly, they made a breakfast of porridge, tidied up the cottage, got
dressed, and went to the stable. With some difficulty, they both managed
to mount Helga and headed out at a leisurely pace.

"Normally, I would simply apparate us both to Hogsmeade," the werewolf
said. "But neither of us is in any condition to do that without getting
splinced."

The ride was a very quiet, tense affair. Harry was still sore from his
injuries, and despite his companion's regenerative abilities, he seemed
just as fragile. Holding on to Remus' waist as they rode, Harry could
feel the tension through his entire body. As dawn finally came, Remus
had broken out into a sweat.

"We should go back," Harry said, "You're not in any condition to travel,
Moony."

The werewolf gave his a pained, but genuine smile.

"No worries, lad. Just a hundred yards or so and we'll be out of the
Pack Lands. We can hail a bus from there."

"A *bus?*"

"A sort of bus."

"Way out here?"

"It's only five miles from Norrington."

"What? How do you keep the muggles away?"

"Disillusionment charms. Temporary ones anyway. There's been discussion
about putting up ward posts. Our alpha doesn't like the idea of a
magical boundary, but it's really the most practical solution to all
these trespassing issues. If anyone gets a little lax maintaining their
section of the boundary, then muggles tend to wander in. Plus witches
and wizards don'talways take their own laws seriously. They don't seem
to realize their lives are forfeit once they stepped into our realm."

"Are many people killed?"

Remus remained silent for a bit. "They were in the beginning. Many
werewolves too. Everyone was an enemy it seemed. Danger everywhere. Too
many people running scared, wands always drawn and teeth always bared.
Now... well, the danger is still there of course, but the boundaries
have been set."

"Do the werewolves and wizards never see each other anymore?"

"Oh, we do business and occasionally enjoy the company of wizarding
kind... but we're like two different countries with separate customs and
philosophies. Some people accept it, some people are prejudice, and
other completely over romanticize the other's lifestyles. As it is, our
alpha is pro-segregation, but when he's finally overthrown? Who can say?
Depending on the new alpha's position, we may become more open to our
wizarding heritage or we might completely cut ourselves off. Then of
course, there's Voldemort."

"Because of the Snake and Wolf Treaty?"

"Partially, yes. This truce only works because Voldemort enforces his
end of the treaty, and Greyback enforces his own. They're powerful
allies, with a wary respect for each other. If someone were to overthrow
Greyback, Voldemort is in a position to rescind his end of the treaty. A
civil war could break out."

"He wouldn't do that, would he? I mean, he's trying to make Britain
stronger, isn't he?"

"Yes, and what better way to do that than to unite all of wizarding
Britain in a common cause? Defending their children and loved ones from
the evil lycanthropic threat?"

Harry had nothing to say to that. It seemed horrible to contemplate, and
the twisted logic behind it made him feel physically ill. He hadn't ever
thought of himself as naive, but the ease with which Remus was able to
lay down political intrigue, war, and hatred was startling. His guardian
must of sensed his unease because his next words were comforting.

"Don't worry so much, Harry. Voldemort gains more from peace at the
moment than war. He has more than enough on his plate without adding
werewolves as a side dish."

Their conversation turned to lighter topics, about life as a werewolf
and life as a Hogwarts student. Remus seemed to find his life even more
peculiar than Harry found his, which was a bit ironic. Hermione, Draco,
Professor Snape, and Headmaster Lestrange were all subjects of
considerable interest to Remus, each for different reasons. Fenrir
Greyback, Sirius Black, the pack commune, and the forest dwelling races
sparked Harry's imagination like a wildfire, and despite never having
seen any of them, he longed to imprint their images to paper by whatever
medium he could find.

They came to a simple barb wire fence and dismounted. Helga was
unbridled and set loose, but she lingered at the fence for their
company. Remus pulled a wand from his robes that Harry hadn't seen
before, and after a couple flicks he put it away.

"It may be a few minutes," he said. "Knight buses are a bit hazy first
thing in the morning."

"Night buses?"

"You'll see."

And indeed, Harry did see. Not five minutes later a terrible smashing
sound could be heard, and then suddenly there was a bus stopped not two
feet from them. It was scratched and covered in leaves and twigs, but
Harry still could not fathom how a bus had managed to get through all
the trees. The two boarded the bus, and were greeted by a rather grouchy
driver and a ticket master fast asleep. The driver nudged the ticket
master roughly.

"Oi! Leave off, mum," the pimply faced man groused. He stretched and let
out an enormous yawn.

"Who you call'n, mum? I ain't that ugly! Now sell them their bloody
tickets, you boob!"

"It's *Bob!* Not *boob*. And I'm getting to it. What can I do for you
gents? I got tickets to St. Mungo's for a good price this week. You both
look like it might do you a spot of good."

Remus graced him with a regretful smile.

"Hogsmeade, if you would. I fear my young friend here is a bit late for
class."

Oh, bullocks. Harry had completely forgotten about classes. He'd missed
that quiz in potions, he was suppose to study for his Transfigurations
practical this weekend, and he hadn't finished either his Charms or
Herbology homework!

"I 'm going to get *so* much detention," he lamented once they were both
seated on what appeared to be beds. *Weird*.

"It could be a lot worse, you realize?" Remus said, chuckling.

"That's easy for *you* to say. My innards have only been saved so that
Snape can use them for potions ingredients."

The werewolf barked out a laugh.

---

They reached the castle just as third period was starting, and the halls
were deserted. Now that he was standing safe and sound in Hogwarts,
Harry felt at a distinct loss about what to do. Did he go to the
headmistress' office and report what had happened? Did he go to the
infirmary (where ever that was) to get patched up and then go back to
classes? What about Whitehall and Morgenson? What about the other
Slytherins? He doubted Draco would have condoned their actions, but that
didn't mean others weren't capable of similar acts, especially if it was
to maintain their House's honor.

"Let's go to the infirmary," Remus suggested. "Once you're fixed up, the
nurse can alert Minerva of your return. She'll have a better idea of
what to do than I would."

It sounded like the perfect plan to Harry, and he followed Remus knew
exactly were he was going. They were just climbing an unfamiliar
staircase when they ran into their first castle occupant. Or rather,
said castle occupant ran *after* them.

"*You!"* came the scandalized voice. "What are *you* doing here? You're
violating your probation!"

Remus looked down at the harried potions master, his expression
completely benign and perhaps a bit condescending. Calmly, the werewolf
descended a step and placed a hand on Harry's shoulder. The young
Seeker, who had never seen Snape so out of sorts, looked between them
with obvious curiosity. Suddenly, Snape turned to Harry, and looked
positively *stunned*. If he weren't so confused, he would probably have
enjoyed causing the dark man all this strife.

"Potter, where have you been? And what are you doing with this...
this..."

"Why, Severus, I've never known you to be at a loss for words," Remus
said.

"Mangy vagabond!" Snape snarled.

The werewolf wasn't the least bit phased, but Harry scowled at his
insult.

"Why don't you ask Morgenson and Whitehal? They knew *exactly* where I
was and the company I was keeping."

Snape stared at Harry intensely, raking his form for clues to his
whereabouts. The boy was still dressed in his school robes, which were
dirty and torn in places and he held his left arm close to his body. The
presence of one of his old school nemeses sparked his memory of the
current lunar cycles and the date of Harry's disappearance. He looked
rather troubled by his conclusion.

"Are you bitten?" the dark man asked softly.

"No," Harry replied, and then crossed his arms. "But only thanks to
Remus. He saved my life."

"A werewolf saved you on a full moon, Potter? I find it unlikely."

"What's the matter, Severus? Have you no faith in your own potions? The
Wolfsbane you provide my pack with every month has been of use to us for
some time. A clear minded lycanthrope does wonders for diverting...
accidents?... as it were."

If Harry didn't know any better he would have thought Remus was trying
to goad the other man into an argument. He felt more than a bit of envy
at the man's audacity. But Snape was a man better versed in the game of
wit and intrigue, and his expression quickly turned cool and reserved.

"I am... *glad* to know that my potions have been of some assistance to
you Lupin. Now that I know whom is benefitting *directly* from them, I
feel more inclined than ever to *improve* the formula."

"My alpha will be glad to hear it. He doesn't put much faith in potions,
but even he is ... impressed... with your work."

Both men regarded each other darkly for several moments, until Harry got
bored of watching them and started his way up the stairs again.

"Where are you going, Potter?" Snape snarled, drawn unwillingly away
from his staring match his old rival.

"The infirmary, sir," Harry replied, not bothering to stop his slow
ascent. "I think, anyway. I'm not entirely sure where it is. Remus was
escorting me."

"And now I will," Snape said cooly, stalking up the stairs, past Remus
(never turning his back to him). "Since you've already pulled me from my
class with your impromptu return, I may as well see it through."

"How did you know we were here anyway?" Remus asked, fighting off a
growl as the dark man stopped beside his godson. Snape graced him with a
malevolent smirk, and placed a possessive hand on Harry's shoulder. The
boy flinched at the contact.

"You should know this already, old friend. Your present form may not
have been enough to set off the castle's defenses, but it was more than
enough to set off the wards for an *intruder*."

Moony looked stunned for a moment, then openly angry. Harry watched awed
as the werewolf's eyes turned amber and a hint of fangs peeked out over
his grimacing lips.

"You're a liar, Snape. Hogwarts never forgets its own. And even if I
some how did manage to set off the wards, they're tied to the headmaster
or headmistress, not Slytherin's head peon."

"Very good... for a mongrel, but you forget. The wards will alert the
*deputy* headmaster or headmistress in their superior's absence.
Headmistress Lestrange left... or rather, was *sent*to find the student
she somehow managed to misplace."

Snape's wicked expression became even more sinister, as turned his gaze
to the student in his grasp. "How unfortunate for her to have just
missed you, Mr. Potter. Incompetence and bad luck are a dangerous
combination when in the direct employ of the Dark Lord."

Remus merely shrugged, his anger dissipating with the simple gesture.
Sensing their time was now at its end, Harry carefully maneuvered
himself out of Snape's grasp to bid his guardian goodbye. Remus returned
the hug, just as delicately as Harry gave it, and ruffled the boys messy
hair affectionately.

"Try to stay out of trouble?"

"For all the good it does me? Be safe, Remus, and take it easy once you
get back."

"The sooner the better," Snape sneered. They both ignored him.

"The same goes for you. Sirius would kill me if something happened to
you, when I..." Remus trailed off, realizing he had almost let loose his
secret heart's desire.

"When you, what? Could have taken the opportunity to eat him? Must you
Gryffindors turn everything into a melodrama? Just go, Lupin, before the
castle vomits you out."

Said Gryffindors spared him mutual glares of distaste, before turning
back to each other.

"Tell Uncle Sirius hello for me?"

"I will. I'll ask for permission to write, but it's an unlikely we'll be
allowed. So just in case... Goodbye, Harry."

Harry smiled, trying to keep it as real as he could even though he felt
all wrong and it made his face ache. "I'll see you later, Remus."

---

Harry was escorted by Snape to the infirmary in complete silence. Snape
asked no questions about where he had been or what he had done over the
last three days. Snape also said nothing about what had happened in the
time he had been gone. What did people think had happened to him? Were
his friends worried? Why had the Headmistress been sent to look for him?

He was bursting with questions, but every time he looked to Snape to
ask, he quickly changed his mind. The potion's master expression was so
openly hostile, Harry feared what he might say or do if he were to
actually gain his attention. The only thing keeping the young Gryffindor
from inexplicably disappearing was the oath Snape had told him about
that prevented a teacher from harming a student.

As they entered the infirmary (Harry thought it a bit silly to put the
hospital wing on the *third* floor), they were greeted by very plump,
middle aged woman with a nurses habit. She took one look at Harry, look
positively indignant about his physical state, and quickly rushed him
behind a screen for examination.

"My word, are you Harry Potter?" she asked, as she helped remove his
soiled clothes and clean him up a bit using her wand. "The whole school
has been in an uproar since your disappearance, and I am quite glad to
see the morbid speculations floating about turned out to be false. This
is a nasty looking bruise, dear. Does it hurt to breath deeply?"

"A bit. It feels better than it did yesterday," he replied. "So no one
realizes that I was-"

"Lord Voldemort," Snape hissed. The nurse actually flinched at the name.
"Has asked that the events that led to your disappearance first be
relayed through him, and him first. The one thing this school doesn't
need is another one of your overblown stories stirring up the students."

Harry let out a huff, but didn't ask anymore questions. So Snape wasn't
keeping silent of his own accord? Did this mean he was going to have to
tell Voldemort his tale directly? Shouldn't law enforcement handle this
sort of thing? Did Voldemort intend to cover up the debacle to preserve
his House's honor? What would happen to him? Would they threaten him or
use memory charms or magical confidentiality contracts on him? Would
Whitehall and Morgenson remain at Hogwarts and go unpunished?

As he was cleaned up, patched up, and given a clean set of hospital
pajamas, his thoughts began to turn increasingly distressing and it
didn't take long for the nurse (Madam Pomfrey she had said) to notice.

"Here you go, Mr. Potter," she said, offering a vial of blue liquid.
"Something to ease those frazzled nerves of yours."

Harry excepted it reluctantly, distrustful of potions in general, and
swallowed it down. It didn't taste too bad, and within moments he was
feeling rather relaxed. He was lead to a bed and curled up to take a nap
without a second thought. Sleep was almost upon him when he overheard
Pomfrey and Snape talking in quiet voices to each other.

"Any serious injuries or toxins?" came a silky voice.

"I am not sure I should be discussing this with you, Professor," she
said. "You are not his Head of House, and given You-Know-Who's orders
for secrecy... Well, lets just say his injuries are rather telling."

"I will be informing Our Lord of Mr. Potter's return. It would be best
if I were able to give him a general description of his health. He will
be eager to talk to him, after all."

There was a tense silence for a moment.

"Let him have a bit of sleep first," she said finally, "All he needs is
that few hours rest to heal the worst of it... and then he should be up
and ready to return to classes. Although I'd prefer he slept here
tonight."

There was an irritated snort. "You say that to everyone who walks
through your door."

An equally irritated 'humph!'. "Not *everyone*. You are more than
welcome to spend your night *and* *day* elsewhere!"

If Snape replied, Harry didn't hear. Too quickly, his mind descended
into a dark and dreamless sleep.

---

"Potter, wake up."

Harry rolled over onto his back and opened his eyes to a very blurry
black head. He sat up, rubbed his eyes, and then patting the air around
his bed in search of his glasses. Snape's rough, callused fingers
grabbed his chin, and a moment later he could see the dark man scowling
down at him.

"Get dressed. Lord Voldemort has requested our presence in his study."

A set of clothes was placed at the corner of his bed, and Snape shut the
privacy screen now surrounding his bed. Through the white sheet, Harry
could make out his distinctive profile. The potion's master looked
decidedly impatient.

Quickly dressing, he joined Snape and they made their way quickly from
the infirmary. Madam Pomfrey, who was shooting the older man a
disapproving glare, managed to spit out an order for Harry to return
should start feeling tired or sore again. The young Gryffindor wasn't
planning on it. He was feeling refreshed and energized, with only the
barest of aches where previously there had been stabbing pains. Briefly
he examined his wrist and found them a bit red, but otherwise unmarked.

They entered a tower not unlike the Headmistress's own, but when they
entered the Dark Lord's office Harry was rather amazed by the
difference. Lestrange's office was cluttered, ancient room with too many
portraits of dead men and women, stacks of paperwork, and strange
assortment of baubles. Voldemort's office was the picture of elegant
sophistication. The circular room was lined in bookshelves, laden with
tomes and occasionally a well placed instrument. There were only an
office desk, a few sitting chairs, a chaise, and a telescope by the
window by way of furniture, and large painting of Salazar Slytherin with
a feathered serpent of some kind draped around his shoulders.

Headmistress Lestrange occupied the chaise, and would have looked
beautifully elegant herself if her body language weren't so tense. She
scowled darkly as they entered the room, and Harry hesitated.

"Have a seat, Mr. Potter."

Voldemort's smooth, confident voice moved him out of his surprise, and
he quickly took the chair indicated. He looked directly at the Dark
Lord, and was relieved to see the other looked genuinely pleased to see
him. His red eyes weren't exactly friendly, but they were bright with a
sort of curiosity.

"Professor Snape was telling me that you showed up in the castle early
this morning, escorted by a *werewolf* no less. Considering your abrupt
disappearance after your Quidditch victory and the rising of the full
moon that night, I think it would be safe to assume that you didn't go
gallivanting off into the forest on your own."

Harry merely nodded, waiting for an actual question. He didn't have to
wait long. Lestrange was on her feet and stalking towards him suddenly.
He nearly bolted from chair to keep his distance from her, but Snape
(who had been leaning by the door) was suddenly between them, his wand
in his right hand and Harry's shoulder in his left. Lestrange spoke as
if the man wasn't even there, but she *did* stop her forward assault.

"And I suppose we're to believe Slytherins were the ones to have taken
you?" she hissed. "A convenient explanation. But it doesn't explain how
you came to be in the company of your godfather's lover."

Now *that* was news to him! Remus and Sirius were... what? A couple?
Mates? His father hadn't mentioned his best friends being gay (was his
dad bi then?), and Remus sure as hell hadn't said anything about it!

"Lestrange, control yourself," Voldemort commanded, although he looked
even more intrigued than before. "Let's not jump to more than the truly
obvious conclusions. Why don't you give us a rendition of the events
that have transpired, starting from the moment you left the Quidditch
pitch."

Harry wasn't sure what information he should withhold, if any, and so
told the events of the last several days as sparsely as he could without
actually hiding anything. Even with all three person's occasional
questions (or accusation on Lestrange's part) it took less than five
minutes. When it was all done, Snape looked disturbed, the headmistress
looked furious, and Voldemort just sat back in his chair and stared at
him curiously.

"A rather amazing adventure, Mr. Potter," the Dark Lord began, rising
slowly from his chair. "Indeed, it is a miracle that you survived."

Harry tensed as the man strode around his desk, took a sitting chair and
placed it directly across from him. When Voldemort sat down, the boy
involuntarily stopped breathing. Serpentine eyes regarded him calmly, in
mock compassion.

"A miracle, but... I'm not a religious man."

As quick as a snake, Voldemort moved forward, his hands gripping tightly
on either side of Harry's head as he forced the boy to look directly
into his brilliant red eyes.

"Relax, Mr. Potter," he hissed, parseltongue slipping out like a
whisper, "It only hurts if you struggle."

But Harry did struggle. He struggled with his swinging fists and kicking
legs. He struggled with his mind, creeping away and lashing out blindly
at the invading pressure inside his head.

His fight lasted only for the briefest of moments, before a searing pain
lanced through brain. He froze, gave a single violent shake, then went
limp in the man's grasp. In his stunned state, his thoughts scattered
and resistance crumbled until the world became insensible.

The only thing he was aware of was the shifting of his thoughts by an
alien presence and Voldemort's eyes staring directly into his.

---

Harry was brought back to his senses, and wished taste hadn't been one
of them. The salty, sour taste of a potion seemed to cling to crevasses
of his lips and mouth, and not even the water Snape offered him
immediately after seemed to help much.

As his thoughts cleared, he pulled away quickly from the man, clambering
to his feet and stumbling away until he was at the far end of the room.
Using the bookshelf to support his jelly legs, he turned a heated glare
to the occupants of the room. Snape stood with his arms crossed beside
the chaise, where Harry had apparently been laying, an empty vile in one
hand and a shattered glass at his feet. Lestrange was sulking by the
telescope, endeavoring to ignore everyone and failing miserably.
Voldemort was once again behind his desk, scribbling away on some
parchment.

"What did you do to me?" he asked shakily.

Lestrange and Snape offered only condescending sneers, and the Dark
Lord's reply was flippant.

"Legilimency."

"Bullshit," Harry spat out automatically. All three looked at him,
startled. "I've been under legilimency before. That was infinitely
*worse*."

"Potter, watch yourself," Snape hissed in warning.

"Are you implying that I am lying?"

Harry tensed, swallowed at the sudden thickness in his throat, but
didn't look away.

"I don't think I *implied* anything. There's no way that was *just*
legilimency."

The Dark Lord smirked, but said nothing to confirm or dissuade his
conclusion.

"I had to make certain you were not attempting to deceive me.
Coincidence is one thing, an opportune moment is another thing
altogether. It seems you've managed to obtain both. There is now no
reason to perform any further investigation by the Court- which I
guarantee is great deal more bothersome than a brief headache and a
nasty potion."

Harry wasn't certain he agreed. The idea of *that* man skipping through
his brain was extremely distressing, and if he thought on it too long he
knew he was going to need a calming draught pretty soon as well.

"Justice will be carried out swiftly. Your assailants are on their way
up now."

"What? Just like that?!"

"Just like what?" Voldemort said, starting to become annoyed. "Your
innocence has been proved, as has their guilt. Why prolong the matter? I
for one would like to get back to other matters, wouldn't you?"

Frankly, yes he would. Harry could think of a hundred things he wanted
to do right now that didn't involve worrying about Morgenson or
Whitehall sulking behind every corner. But it all seemed too fast. He'd
spent three long days away from the world, and suddenly he was back in
it and it was spinning too fast.

But it was out of his hand. And he was glad for it. He couldn't imagine
what punishment attempted murder of a classmate was awarded, especially
not by the Dark Lord himself. Suddenly, he didn't want to know.

"Can I go then?" Harry asked.

"And miss the best part of the trial?" Voldemort asked, looking
genuinely surprised.

"Somehow I don't think it's going to be a PG-13 show."

Lestrange and Snape didn't seem to understand the reference, but
Voldemort smirked wickedly.

"Nevertheless, it will certainly be educational. Sit down before you
fall down. This won't take long."

Harry reluctantly obeyed, taking up the one end of the chaise and
staring resolutely out the window. Time passed and no one spoke,
enveloping the entire tower in a tense silence. A knock on the door made
more than just Harry jump.

"Enter."

Morgenson strode into the tower confidently, his school robes so
perfectly pressed and presented that Harry just knew a spell was
involved. The older boy looked as smug and conceited as Harry remembered
him. It made him want to chuck something heavy at him.

Behind him, Whitehall slunk in. Unlike his accomplice, the Slytherin
Seeker looked exhausted and nervous in the way that chronic worriers
are. Neither boy noticed Harry sitting by the window, their gazes
focused either on the Dark Lord or their feet. Morgenson tried to meet
Voldemort's eyes directly, as Harry often did, but they inevitably ended
up focusing above or to the left of the intimidating man's head. If
Harry weren't so worried that both boys were going to become nothing
more than bloody stains on the carpet in the next few minutes, he would
have mocked them for their cowardice.

"Do you know why you are here?" Voldemort asked, looking completely
nonchalant as he started pulling out forms from his desk.

Both boys shook their heads. The Dark Lord raised a regal brow.

"Really? Absolutely no idea?"

Whitehall shifted a bit behind Morgenson, while the other started to
shift a bit uncomfortably from foot to foot. "I suppose you want to
question us about the Gryffindor Seeker," Morgenson said, not hinting at
the slightest bit of guilt. "But we've told the headmistress and our
Head of House everything we know already."

Morgenson turned to Lestrange, who wasn't looking at him, and then to
Snape who was looking at them a bit too keenly. Harry was surprised when
he didn't seem to notice him sitting right behind the Potion's master.
Instead, the boy looked over him as if he wasn't even there and returned
his attention to Voldemort.

"Yes, I have looked over their reports of the matter and found nothing
amiss," Voldemort said, amicably. "Young Mr. Potter's disappearance is
indeed very mysterious. Whether by Potter's own will or someone else's,
the plan was quite clever..."

Whitehall's frown deepened, and Morgenson practically puffing up like a
blowfish and still trying to appear unaffected.

"...but sloppily executed. Wouldn't you agree, Mr. Potter?"

Voldemort made a gesture towards him, not exactly like pointing, and
Harry felt the magic that he hadn't been aware of slipping away from
him. The two Slytherin boys turned to him, their expression of horror
identical.

"Im-impossible! You're *dead*."

Harry gave him an angry scowl. "If that's the case. Perhaps *you're*
dead too."

Morgenson turned white and Whitehall look just barely above fainting.

"Now, Mr. Potter, that's not a very nice thing to say," chided
Voldemort, "Although, I do understand your ire. I am rather upset
myself."

Harry turned away from his would-be murders and from the Dark Lord. He
looked out the window, curled up a bit, and mentally curled up on
himself. There was nothing he would have liked better than to be
somewhere, anywhere, else. Yet, he couldn't help but hear, and every
swish of clothing, every footstep, and every labored breath unfolded the
scene of two lives at their possible end.

"It's not so much that you should wish to vindicate yourselves,"
Voldemort continued, "It is perfectly natural to wish to maintain one's
supremacy, more so with Slytherin's than most. A few hexes... some form
of public humiliation... a curse, at the very worst. Any of these would
have sufficed on any regular student over a schoolyard grudge."

Harry felt his insides twist in horror at the man's words. Was the
leader of Wizarding Britain really condoning such wretched behavior? He
wanted to cover his ears and stop listening, but he didn't dare.
Voldemort had wanted witnesses, sadist that he was, and apparently his
two cronies weren't going to cut it.

"However, your actions went far beyond acceptable bounds. Not only did
you select for your victim a person whom I, your sovereign and
patriarch, have shown personal favor to with the intent to *murder*, but
you violated the Snake and Wolf Treaty, adding treason to your list of
crimes. Have you any idea the damage you could have caused?! Our peace
with the lycantropes is tenuous at best without fools like you making it
worse!"

As the Dark Lord spoke, his once calm voice began to increase in pace
and volume, his anger rising like an unstoppable tide.

"I tell you now if Greyback demands restitution for this trespass, I
will not hesitate to throw *you* *both* to the wolves. Pun intended.
*Crucio!*"

Harry bolted out of his seat as two tortured screams pierce the room.
Instinctively, he turned towards the source and found the older boys
withering on the ground under the same spell. Briefly, his eyes found
the Headmistress, who was sneering down at them from her chair and found
an instant hatred for her. Beside him, Snape watched with a silent
intensity. What he was feeling, Harry couldn't decipher, but what ever
it was it didn't seem to be pity.

The cursed dragged on, as did the screaming, and with each passing
second he felt his mind and soul twist into a painful state as if he
were under some strange curse himself. Finally, he could stand it no
more and covering his ears to block out the sound, he let out a scream
of his own.

"*IT'S ENOUGH!"*

His concentration broken, Voldemort turned sharply to the shivering
Gryffindor, his anger still hot and shining through his eyes like
embers. Whitehall and Morgenson laid on the floor at his feet
whimpering, crying, and curling in on themselves. Harry could barely
stand to look at them.

"What did you say, Potter?" Voldemort hissed in what may or may not have
been parseltongue. The young Gryffindor felt suddenly thick, and his
throat tightened as if in some phantom's grasp, but couldn't *not*
speak. The consequences of not speaking seemed worse than facing the
Dark Lord.

"It's enough," he said, his voice barely above a whisper. He swallowed
thickly, and spoke again, louder this time. "I'm satisfied. They've been
punished enough for their crime against me. Their crime against Greyback
will be dealt with by Greyback himself. It's enough. There's no need to
keep... to keep hurting them."

The tightening around his throat became very real as Voldemort's cold
hand was suddenly around his throat, his crimson eyes glaring down at
him angrily. Harry could only stare up at him, wide-eyed and terrified.

"*I* decide when enough is enough, you silly whelp," he hissed, throwing
him to the floor. Harry instinctively curled up, expecting to be kicked
or cursed. Instead, the Dark Lord stalked back to his desk and reseated
himself. "It is enough," he said once he was seated. "For *now*. I must
begin explanations and negotiations with Greyback before I decide the
rest of your punishment. But just so we understand one another, this is
the last day you will ever step foot in Hogwarts. Should you violate
this condition, your lives with be forfeit. If you should ever approach
Mr. Potter again, in malice or contrition, your lives are likewise
forfeit. Headmistress, take them to the dungeons while they await the
proper authorities. Professor, escort Mr. Potter to his dormitory, and
explain to him the need for *discretion*on this matter."

Harry didn't wait. He was out of the office before Whitehall or Morgeson
to climb to their feet. He paced back and forth at the bottom of the
stairs, until he was finally joined by considerably more composed
potion's master. The man's expression was no different than before, and
the nerve wracked Gryffindor found it more disturbing that if the other
had been scowling at him.

"When you are asked what happened to you after the match," Snape began,
his tone the same as with any lecture he thought of particular
importance. "You will tell them that Whitehall and Morgenson did in fact
kidnap you."

Harry blinked owlishly. Certainly, Snape wasn't going to instruct him to
tell the truth. He wasn't much of a politician, but Harry knew the
situation was delicate and could hurt a lot of reputations, Slytherian
House's not being the least among them.

"Their sudden disappearance from classes upon your return would never go
unnoticed," the professor explained. "However, you will tell no one
about them attempting to kill you or about the werewolves or Lupin's
impromptu rescue. Instead, you will say you were 'confounded' and
abandoned in muggle London. The Vanguard tracked you down yesterday
evening at British social services, completely unharmed, and you were
detained at the Court for questioning and returned to Hogwarts this
morning. Don't get clever. Keep everything as vague as you can, and let
the public make up the rest."

Harry nodded. While he didn't like the idea of lying just to benefit
Voldemort's grand scheme, he couldn't deny that he was relieved he
wouldn't have to recount those awful moments before Remus' rescue when
he was certain he was going to die. Also, on some level, he wanted to
keep his new friendship with Remus a secret. It wasn't that he felt
ashamed to have a werewolf for a godfather (two of them in fact), but he
didn't think he could stand anyone criticizing the kind, gentle man who
had saved his life and happened to turn furry once a month.

"Will Remus get in trouble for this?"he asked timidly.

"Yes," Snape said waspishly, though he wasn't looking at Harry.

The young Gryffindor wanted to protest, point out that the man had done
nothing wrong, but had been very brave and selfless. His platitudes
filled his chest, waiting to be expelled in one long testament, but he
swallowed them instead. It was useless to say anything. Snape wouldn't
care, and even if he did he wouldn't be able to do anything. Remus' fate
lay with Fenrir Greyback.

With Snape's quickening stride, it wasn't long before Gryffindor Tower
was in reach. Before they reached the portrait of the Fat Lady, his
guide grabbed him by his shoulder and spun him around to face him.
Harry, having already been grabbed by the neck that day, slapped the
hand off sharply and jumped out of his reach. They eyed each other
cautiously, mutual animosity and distrust flowing between them like a
palpable heat.

"You will tell absolutely *no one* of what transpired during your
disappearance. That includes my goddaughter. If you drag her into this
mess, the Dark Lord will be the *least* of your worries."

Harry glowered hatefully at the man, then spun away from him to stalk to
the portrait.

"And Potter."

Reluctantly, he looked back over his shoulder.

"Congratulations on not doing something cliché, like dying. Hogwarts
hasn't had this much entertainment in *years*."

---

[^17-1]: I don't know the English rating system for movies and television, so
if you know just mentally insert the appropriate term.

[^17-2]: The 'Vanguard' is Voldemort's equivalent to Aurors, just as the
'Court' is the equivalent to the Ministry.

Author's note: Wow, that's my longest chapter so far. So it took so long
to get to you, but I got a new job this week so it's been tough finding
the time to write. I hope you enjoyed it!
