# The King and the Serpent

Harry sat in a boat, staring up at the castle set aglow in the storm.
His eyes were as wide and enchanted as everyone else's. As if it were
his first time seeing Hogwarts. As if he hadn't lived in its shadow for
the better part of the summer. Staring out his window at night, it
always seemed more like the dark silhouette of a hulking mountain than
an enchanted castle. But now that dark silhouette was alight with a
hundred thousand torches, glowing like a torch itself in the gloomy
rain. His insides twisted with a hopeful longing as they drew across the
inky lake, holding the castle's wavering reflection, everything
enveloped in a sacred silence.

At last they passed under a low tunnel, curtained with ivy, and entered
into an underground harbor dimly lit with torches. They scrambled out of
the boats and onto the stone steps, aided and directed by the Sleuw's.
Professor McGonagall was at the top of the steps waiting for them, and
quickly ushered them into the school itself. The corridors were huge and
echoed with their muffled footsteps. The first years were huddled closer
together than usual, all feeling a bit overwhelmed as they passed
endless rows of moving portraits, armors, and display cases. They
followed the witch up a large staircase to the upper floors, and
suddenly the distant sound of many voices could be heard.

Yet there was one voice much closer that drew Harry's attention.

"*Run, run, run, little mousey. Nagini knows every tunnel. Nagini knows
every hole. Run, run, run, because you can not hide..."*

Harry looked around, seeing if anyone else was wondering about it. By
all accounts it did not appear as if anyone had heard. Which seemed
impossible since they were silent enough that Harry could hear the faint
ticking of his pocket watch.

And hadn't he heard the name Nagini somewhere before?

"*Crunch, crunch, crunch, grinding bones on which to munch. Come, come,
come, little mousey,"*it continued to sing in a syllabant hiss.

He fell back from the others, taking a moment to peek down a hallway the
voice seemed to be coming from. At first he saw nothing. Then he spotted
a little brown rat turning a corner and scampering towards him. It was
followed soon after by the largest snake he had ever seen. It was at
least nine feet long and almost as thick around as he was. The rat was
obviously running from it, but when it finally took notice of Harry, it
stood up on its hind legs and froze.

"Look out!" Harry cried as the snake came up on the little creature.

The rat jumped out of the way, barely missing the snakes enormous fangs.
It hopped about in a blind panic for a moment, unsure of which way to
flee, before heading back towards Harry. He stood frozen, watching
transfixed as both creatures made their way towards him. The rat reached
him first, and amazingly dived beneath his robes, where he felt it climb
up his leg and into his pocket.

*This must be someone's pet rat*, Harry concluded. He didn't get past
that thought before he found himself staring face to face with the
snake, who reared up to stand taller than Harry. They stared at one
another, wide emerald eyes to glowing slitted yellow.

"*Give it here, boy,"* the snake commanded. *"Give it to Nagini."*

Oh. So that's where the voice was coming from. A talking snake. Sure.
Why not? Was it any stranger than the bathroom mirror that told him his
hair looked silly in the Sleuw's house?

"*Er... what?"*

The snake looked startled- how he could tell, Harry wasn't sure- then,
angry again.

"*The mousey. Give Nagini her little mousey. It is Nagini's to play
with. Master gave it to Nagini. It is Master's present! Give it here or
Nagini will play with*you*instead!"*

Harry didn't even consider giving the rat over. Not that he thought the
rat's life was worth more than his own (he'd killed several over the
summer to feed to the school's owls), he just couldn't stand in its
presence a moment longer. He leapt out of Nagini's strike range, then
bolted down the corridor. He heard her indignant cry, but she couldn't
follow nearly as quickly.

Only now, Harry had lost sight of the other first years. Cursing himself
for his own stupidity, he started his search. But the castle was a maze,
and every corridor led to dozens of others. He tried to call for help,
but no one came and he didn't dare stay anywhere too long lest Nagini
find him.

Finally he started to hear voices. He followed the sound until he came
to a narrow hallway, that led to a small antechamber. There was a small
wooden door, and he pressed his ear to it to see if he could hear
anything. The general roar was quiet now, but he could hear some one
making a speech. He pressed harder to the wood, hoping to make out the
words.

The door fell open. Caught off balance, Harry stumbled forward, through
a curtain and onto a platform, tripped on a rug, and pitched passed a
man standing at the podium and off the edge. He fell feet over head, and
landed awkwardly on his side. Dazed he sat up, and through his spinning
vision he could make out many people in black robes staring at him. His
sight somehow ended upwards, and the people disappeared to reveal a
starry night sky. He rubbed his eyes, not believing what he was seeing,
and when he opened them again he found himself staring at a man. He was
a young, pale man and his eyes were a the most vivid...*crimson?*

"Er..."

The hall suddenly burst out into raucous laughter. Harry's face burned.
Looking over at the platform, he could see two tables on either side of
the small platform with several familiar faces. Professors Toure,
Flitwick, Quirell, and of course, Snape. They, however, were not
laughing. His embarrassment was replaced with something else, and his
burning embarassment gave way to a cold fear.

"*Silence!*" Voldemort commanded.

Instantly, the laughing horde fell into a tense quiet. The Dark Lord
turned his cold crimson gaze to the boy still sprawled on the floor
beneath him, letting his expression clearly show his irritation.
Strangely, Harry couldn't turn away. His eyes were wide and frightened,
but he couldn't look away. It was like being caught in Nagini's eyes,
only...

"And you are?" the man said. His voice sounded vaguely serpentine. Harry
made a conscious effort to climb to his feet, although they felt as if
they would collapse at any moment.

"I-I'm Harry Potter."

"Oh. *You*."

He flinched, but didn't turn away.

"*Crucio!"*

A sudden, excruciating pain flared through his entire body. It was like
nothing he had ever felt. Not the localized pain of a broken bone nor
the weak pain of a sunburn. This was something else. It was like every
fiber of body, from skin to the internal muscles was being stabbed with
wicked needles. There was screaming, and Harry couldn't tell if it was
him or not. As suddenly as it was inflicted, the curse was removed. He
found himself on all fours, trembling uncontrollably.

"In the future, Mr. Potter, it would be wise to remember I do not like
to be interrupted while speaking. Especially by fools. McGonagall, you
are responsible for escorting first years to the Great Hall. We will
discuss your failure later."

Someone grabbed his arm, and he flinched from the contact expecting it
to hurt, but the pain was an empty echo. He was dragged to his feet by
McGonagall, looking very pale and tightlipped, and led to the line of
other first years. Hermione and Clyde were immediately by his side,
supporting him. Yet he couldn't help but notice that in addition to
looking worried, they both looked very angry with him as well.

*It's not my fault!* he wanted to scream at them. But all he could do
was try to regain his strength and stand on his own, hiding his
embarrassment and shame. Voldemort continued his speech, and at some
point Harry thought he saw an ugly hat singing a rather ridiculous song
about houses.

It took him a minute to realize it was singing about Houses. They
learned about them in summer school, of course, and Hermione even had a
book called *Hogwarts: A History* that she was constantly referencing.
When names started to be called, Harry made an extra effort to pay
attention.

"Abbott, Hannah!" A rather plump girl with blond pigtails climbed onto
the provided stool and McGonagall placed the singing hat on her head. It
was barely there for two seconds before it shouted out "*Hufflepuff!"*

The girl quickly skipped off to join a table of cheering students. It
followed that routine for all the gathered students. Some went to
Hufflepuff, others Ravenclaw, Gryffindor, or Slytherin. Usually it only
took a second or two for the hat to decide, other times it took almost a
minute. Clyde was called and by then Harry was able to stand on his own,
and watched as his friend was sorted into Gryffindor under the
thunderous applause of the Weasley twins. Natalie was sorted into
Slytherin, and looked perfectly pleased with the result. Hermione,
amazingly was not sorted into either Slytherian or Ravenclaw, but
Gryffindor.

Harry didn't really see it. She had always been more smarts than
anything, and the timid way she looked away from her brother's shocked
face wasn't exactly the bravest front she could have given. Draco went
to Slytherin like all the Malfoy's before him, of course. And then it
was his turn.

The hall got dead quiet, and Harry felt vaguely nauseous. But he
remembered his father and his mother, thought of how proud they would be
that he had gotten here at all, and held his head high as he marched
towards the stool. McGonagall looked decidedly worried as she placed the
hat on his head. The hat fell over his eyes and in the darkness he could
hear the whispers of the other students.

"Hhhmmm..." said the hat. "What have we here. Oh this is going to be a
difficult choice. You've go a decent mind... loyal... hard working...
there's definitely a lot of...*unique* talent in here. The most obvious
choice would of course be Slytherin, *but*..."

"Please, not there,"Harry whispered. "I don't want anything else in
common with..."

He shut his mouth tight after that. He hadn't told anyone about his wand
being the brother's of Voldemort. Not Hermione, not the Sleuw's, and
certainly not to a gossipy hat. Even if it read his mind and already
knew.

"Oh, not Slytherin then? Well, then we might as well keep things
interesting. I think I'll put you in *GRIFFINDOR*!"

Most of the Gryffindors didn't clap when Harry made his way over to his
new house. Most of them didn't. Percy clapped politely along with a few
others. Clyde and Hermione both clapped more honestly. The Weasley twins
made enough of a racket to embarrass him all over again. He took his
seat between Clyde and Hermione, and struggled to sit up tall under the
disgruntled looks his own house was giving him.

The sorting continued and Ron Weasley, the youngest son of a long line
of brothers surprised everyone, including himself when the sorting hat
sent him off to Slytherin. Although he felt sorry for Ron's
flabbergasted brothers, Harry wasn't sorry he wouldn't be sharing his
House with the other boy. The redhead sat himself next to Draco, who
didn't look as though he was sure he wanted the other boy there.

Finally, the sorting concluded with Blaise Zabini being sorted into
Slytherin. Voldemort gave another brief speech about pride and honor,
fealty, and discipline. It would have been extremely boring if the
threat of excruciating pain and death hadn't lingered between each
sentence should the man's *wisdom* be ignored.

Then an enormous feast suddenly appeared before them all. It was more
food than Harry had ever seen, and very impressively displayed. But
watching all the other students suddenly scarfing it all down, made him
feel even more nauseous and he pushed most of it away.

"Aren't you going to eat?" asked Clyde, looking worried.

"He probably doesn't feel very well after the Cruciatus curse. Do you,
Harry?"

"No, I don't" he agreed. "The Cruciatus curse, huh?"

"Yes. It's also known as the pain curse, and I'm sure you can appreciate
why. It's a very dark curse. Only those with particularly high magical
ability can perform it effectively."

"Well, at least I know people won't be throwing it around in the halls
then," he said.

"No worries there mate," said one of the twins, coming up to stand
behind. "You'll only have to worry about tickle curses-"

"Jelly-legs-" suggested the other twin.

"The pinching curse-"

"Boils and blisters curse-"

"Lycanthropy during the full moon-"

"Vampire bites if you walk around after curfew-"

"Yes, yes, yes! We get it! Can't you go embarrass someone else? You have
an entire House to annoy!" Clyde said.

"Yeah, I suppose you're right. Harry's too easy a target right now."

"Gee, *thanks*."

"Come on, George-"

"I'm *Fred*, George,"

"Semantics, brother."

The two wandered off to make mayhem for a cluster of Gryffindor girls
gossiping at the end of the table. No sooner had the boys gotten them to
start screaming at the sight of their wart infested hands, then *real*
screams started over at the Hufflepuff table. The Hufflepuffs students
all clambered from their seats and a way from their table. This was
followed by the Ravenclawns shouting in surprise and scrambling from
theirs.

Through the din of panicked voices, Harry could hear another softer
voice.

"*Where is my little mousey? Bring it to me, now, now, now!"*

"Oh, bloody hell, not her again," he moaned.

"Harry, what's going on?" Hermione asked. But there was no time for
explanations. The crowds had parted to reveal Nagini, who had spotted
him in an instant.

"*You!*"

"Geh."

The serpent rushed for him, and Harry made a split second decision.
Leaping from his chair he sprinted towards Nagini as well. She reared
up, expected an attack and prepared to face it with one of her own, but
Harry turned sharply and just barely avoided her fangs. He ran for a
side door, keeping Nagini as far from the other students as he could
manage. She followed, slipping under tables and benches, brushing ankles
as she slithered towards her intended prey.

He led her into a corridor. He could see students flooding out of the
Great Hall further down and turned in the opposite direction. He jogged
along, keeping Nagini in sight and just out of range. Once the other
students were out of sight, he tried to lose her, but soon found himself
out done.

Stairs and doors did nothing to keep her at bay. She followed him at a
steady pace singing along the way '*Run, run, run, little man-child.
Nagini knows every tunnel. Nagini knows every hole. Run, run, run,
little man-child, because you can not hide'.*

It didn't take long for Harry to become utterly lost. He had gotten
stuck at the dead end of a corridor, and somehow managed to find a
secret passageway. It had wound up and down narrow staircases, lefts,
rights, forks and crossroads. When he had finally stumbled out of the
dusty space he found himself in an empty classroom and no idea where he
was. At least it appeared he had lost Nagini.

"Hello?!" he called, as he entered the hallway. "I'm really, really lost
and could use some help"

It was dark here, with no torches lit. Harry wished he hadn't left his
wand in his trunk. He didn't know if he could perform any spells, but a
few sparks might have gone a long way helping him find his way back to
the Great Hall.

He kept calling for help, staying close to the wall so he didn't get
disoriented. He wasn't certain how long he groped blindly in the
darkness, but he was starting to lose hope in a rescue. Frankly, he
wasn't sure he *wanted* to be rescued. He was already in enough trouble
as it was. Just as he had resolved to spend a long, uncomfortable night
curled on the floor, he saw a pale white glow.

"Hello? Is anyone there?" he called, a bit nervously.

"Hello?" came a reply. "What have we here? Oh, my, you're that Potter
boy. Everyone is looking for you. What are you doing all the way over
here?"

Harry couldn't reply. As the white glow got closer, he could see that
what he thought was a wand light was a man... or had been a man. Wearing
a collar and tights, and literally transparent, he suddenly realized he
was meeting his first ghost.

"You alright there, lad? Nagini didn't get a bite out of you, did she?
While we ghosts wouldn't mind some new blood, it would put a bit of a
damper on the festivities for the rest of the students."

"I-I'm sorry, yes, I'm fine. But...um... who are you?"

"How terribly rude of me! I am Sir Nicholas de Mimsy, at your service!
Just follow me! I'll get you back to civilization!" he chuckled.

Relieved, Harry did follow Sir Nicholas. But they did not return to the
Great Hall. Instead, he was led up several sets of staircases and
through many corridors, until at last they stopped at a statue of a
gargoyle.

"Er... where am I now, Sir Nicholas?"

"The headmistress's office, of course. Have to sort all of this nonsense
out, don't we? Oh, don't look so green. You'll survive! Now up you go!
Cecrops!"

A winding staircase appeared behind the gargoyle. Taking a deep breath,
he lifted his head, and made his way up. He stepped off the stairs and
found himself in a rather crowded circular office. All the Heads of
House were present, McGonagal, Snape (Hermione later told him her
godfather taught potions and was head of Slytherin), Flitwick, a dumpy
looking woman he didn't know, one he recognized from a chocolate frog
card as Headmistress Bellatrix Lestrange, and of course to make his day
complete- Lord Voldemort with Nagini curled quite happily around his
armchair. The giant serpent looked at him, and Harry got the impression
she was smirking.

The headmistress, staring over her locked fingers at him, was not
looking pleased.

"I should expel you, Mr. Potter," was the first thing out of her lips.

Harry felt his heart drop into is stomach.

"Couldn't you just expel Nagini?" he said, and then slapped his hand
over his mouth.

"*Mr. Potter!* This is not a joke! This is the first time in centuries
the Welcoming Feast has been disturbed. Perhaps the very first time that
it has been disturbed twice by the very same person!"

"Hey, I had nothing to do with the second one! They weren't running and
screaming from *me!"*

"*Just keep talking, silly man-child. It will only make your punishment
that much more amusing to watch," hissed Nagini.*

"*Go choke on your rat!"* he snarled back at her.

Suddenly, everyone was looking at him with even more interest. Even
Voldemort, who had been ignoring him in favor of stroking the portion of
Nagini's tail resting in his lap, looked straight at him.

"*What did you say?"*

Harry froze. Oh, Bloody hell, he was such an idiot! As if he wasn't in
enough trouble with the most dangerous man in the entirety of Wizarding
Britain, he had to go off an insult his familiar too!

"Er..."

"What you said, Mr. Potter, was most definitely *not* 'er'."

"Um..."

"*Mr. Potter!"*

"*I'm sorry, I'm sorry! I didn't mean it!"*

A dead silence followed. And Harry who had been cringing, expecting to
be cursed at any moment, opened his eyes to peek at what had stopped the
man. The most dangerous man in all of Britain was regarding him with a
clearly perplexed and -dare he even think it?- awed expression. He
glanced around at the other Hogwart's staff. They too looked completely
stunned.

"Um... what did I say?"

Snape let out an amused huff of air, and muttered 'idiot boy'. This
seemed to snap everyone else out of their surprise as well.

"Mr. Potter... *Harry, are you telling me it has never come to your
attention that you are a Parselmouth?"* Voldemort asked.

Harry just blinked at him and then frowned. "That's impossible. Only a
descendant of Slytherin can speak Parseltongue. You're the only one in
known existence right now."

"It would seem I am the second one in existence now. You silly child.
Don't tell me you didn't think it odd when my familiar began talking to
you?"

Harry shrugged. "Until this spring a talking bathroom mirror was
oddFrankly, I just thought she was a talking snake, which *was* odd, and
why I got distracted and separated from the other first years."

"Hn."

They held each other's gaze, and Harry felt the other man searching him
for the truth of the matter. It was an almost physical sensation and he
abruptly turned away from the man on sheer instinct.

"Perhaps he should be sent to Slytherin, after all," the headmistress
suggested. "He must, as he pointed out, have descended from Salazar
Slytherin."

"And he just as likely has ancestry rooted with Gryffindor, Ravenclaw,
or Hufflepuff. No, we will hold to tradition, and allow the sorting hat
to determine the House he belongs to. If we do not uphold tradition, who
will?"

"Of course, you're right," the headmistress conceded, and Harry realized
despite her title it was Lord Voldemort who ran the school.

"Speaking of Houses, perhaps it is time for Harry to return to his? It
has been a very trying evening, and classes start tomorrow," said
McGonagall.

"Yes, I suppose we can forego any further punishment, given the
circumstances. Harry, one last word of advice?"

"Yes, sir-er, I mean, My Lord?"

"Break this bad habit of misplacing yourself?"

"Er... yes, My Lord."

"Oh, yes. And leave the rat."

Harry hesitated, but then reluctantly opened his robe and pulled his
partner in crime for the evening out of his pocket. Impossibly, the
little creature was curled up and was fast asleep. He shook his head and
dutifully-gratefully- followed his Head of House out of the office and
towards his new home.

---

Once Harry and most of the staff had left, Voldemort, Snape, Lestrange,
and Nagini turned their attention to the perceived culprit of that
evening's events. The headmistress poked the furry lump with the end of
her wand. It merely curled up tighter. Irritated, she emptied her cup of
hot tea on it. It let out a pained squeak.

"Pettigrew, you idiot," she hissed.

A moment later, where there was only a rat, now sat a very frighted and
very damp man.

"Ouch! W-what was th-that f-for?" he sniveled, finding himself suddenly
surrounded by three of the most frightening people he knew.

"You were suppose to keep Nagini entertained *away* from the feast, not
in the *middle* of it!" Voldemort hissed. "There are half a dozen
students sleeping in the infirmary because of your stupidity, you
brainless twit!"

"I-I'm s-s-sorry, Master, but I-I-I w-was getting t-tired a-and she-she
is so en-energetic! I'm n-not as-as y-young as I use-used t-to b-be."

"And I suppose hiding in the pocket of the James Potter-look-alike was
an attempt to bring back your more youthful days?" Snape said.

At that Pettigrew's rat-like face became haunted as well as fearful. Oh,
what would his old friend say now? Seeing him so reduced? And yet there
he had been, appearing there to rescue him... eleven years too late.

"I should crucio you until your mind breaks and then hand you over to
Knott for experimentation," Voldemort said. Pettigrew knew he would too,
but he didn't think he could get anymore afraid without dropping over
dead. "But since your bungling has brought forth some valuable
information, I am feeling generous tonight. Check on McGonagall's office
to make sure she's behaving herself, then return to your post in
Gryffindor tower."

"Y-yes, M-master!" He bowed, unable to believe his good fortune.

"Nagini will accompany you along the way to make sure you don't find
your way into anyone else's pocket tonight."

Pettigrew let out a little squeak as the serpent turned her shining
yellow eyes towards him. He was a rat a second later, and flying down
the staircase as fast as his little legs could carry him. Nagini
slithered out of her master's lap and pursued at a leisurely pace,
singing her silly hunting song as she went.

With the three Slytherins alone in the office, the atmosphere became a
bit more relaxed. Lestrange refilled her empty tea cup with sherry and
offered the other two brandy. Snape declined, as was his custom during
the school year. Voldemort accepted a glass and further relaxed into his
chair. A slight smile found its way onto his face as he considered the
events of that evening.

"This is... magnificently ironic," Voldemort said. "To have a child of
two of my more persistent enemies, and a Gryffindor on top of that,
become my counterpart in magic."

"Counterpart, my lord? I think you give him too much credit," Snape
said. "He may simply be an example of how your policies have allowed for
a greater level of magical ability within the nation. I wouldn't be
surprised if other Parselmouths started showing up in the next fifty
years."

"I would have to agree with Severus on this one, my Lord. He's a
Gryffindor. His temperament and morality," she said the second word as
if it were a curse, "prevent him from being on par with you. He's merely
a curiosity."

"Convenient logic," he chided them both, smiling to let them know he
wasn't angered with them, "I don't know if Severus told you, Bella, that
in addition to speaking Parseltongue, young Harry also possesses the
brother wand to my own? That is not the byproduct of increased magical
ability."

Bellatrix looked stunned all over again. Snape also looked surprised,
and then quickly disguised it as outrage, turning to glare at the
headmistress.

"You didn't know? I put that information in my report for you to give to
our lord."

She turned an equally venomous glare back at him.

"That's was Sunday. I was busy finalizing castle security. I haven't
gotten to them yet!"

"I have, though," Voldemort admitted, surprising them both. Suddenly,
Snape thought his plan to slip the information right under Bellatrix's
nose didn't seem so clever. She was horribly neglectful of her
paperwork, and she rarely checked his reports unless prompted. It would
have been easy. He had done similar things several times before. Should
anyone have learned of the truth, Snape would have had...did have his
proof of loyalty and competency.

He hadn't taken into account that his Master ran the school like it were
his own household. The man held little love for reports and paperwork,
and delegated such tasks to trusty servants like himself and Lestrange.
But Voldemort apparently hadn't trusted Lestrange to do her work, and
Snape hadn't seen that coming. He was torn between feeling dread over
his blunder and exhilaration over the waning faith he held in his
nemesis.

Neither thought would have met with Voldemort's approval, so he merely
continued to direct his accusing eyes on Bellatrix, hoping the other
wizard didn't suspect anything.

Meanwhile, Voldemort was making a mental note to remind his faithful
servant to stop being so obvious in her ignorance. It was an unSlytherin
trait, and lately she hadn't been at the top of her game. All the
teachers had made a very clear and professional report on all the
muggleborn's excursion to Daigon Alley, and though Snape was perhaps a
bit dismissive of Potter's wand as a product of chance (fifty years!
Some one had to pick that wand eventually), it was curious enough that
she should have been made aware of it. This sort of thing was why the
muggleborns were all sent with their teachers after all.

"Regardless," Voldemort continued, "We share a gift, an ancestry. I feel
it makes him partially my responsibility. I am certain I can make this
turn of events work in my favor."

"Surely you're not suggesting *adopting* the boy?" Bellatrix exclaimed.
Severus barely managed to keep from rolling his eyes. Voldemort fixed
her with an irritated look, and she shrank back in her chair like a
scolded first year.

"No. Not yet anyway. I will have to see if he shows any true potential
first. But I was just thinking... the Wizarding World has its king...
perhaps its time it had its prince, as well?"

---

So what did you all think? Please leave a review or comment or opinion!
I do so enjoy them.

I know some of you had your hearts set on Harry ending up in Slytherin,
but to be honest I could never really picture Harry as one. So for kicks
(not really, it's all part of constantly plotting mind) I threw the even
less likely character, Ron, in there instead. Bwa ha ha.
