# The Gathering of Serpents

"Let's move somewhere a little more private, shall we?"

Snape rose from his chair and made his way to a door that none of the other
students were allowed to enter. Hermione had told him that it was her
godfather's private laboratory, and filled with all his experiments.

"Are you coming, Potter?"

"... No way. You could be a child molester."

The look on the man's face was decidedly unamused. In fact, he looked
downright livid at the suggestion.

"Ten points from Gryffindor for insulting a professor. Potter, I would thank
you not to have such torrid thoughts about my character."

"That's not fair! How could I possible trust you? Your blackmailing me! And so
what if you're not going to molest me? You could do anything else you wanted,
like cut me open and drain my blood for your potion experiments."

"You have a rather sick imagination, you know that?"

"This is kind of a sick world."

"I beg your pardon?"

Harry said nothing, shuffling his feet and looking off at nothing. Snape made
an irritated sound.

"You realize that teachers take an Unbreakable Vow not to intentionally harm
their students upon accepting a Hogwart's position?"

It was the first Harry had heard of it, but it did sound like the sort of
thing the school would require. He merely shook his head.

"Well, they do. Now will you come or do you wish to further insult me and risk
twenty more house points?"

"Why do we need to do this *privately* anyway," Harry muttered, reluctantly
following the man into his personal domain. The lab was even larger than the
classroom, and several intricate pieces of equipment were set here and there.
There were rows of locked cabinets. No doubt they stored the man's many rare
and expensive potions ingredients. It all made Harry feel very out of place.
The doors slammed shut, making him jump.

"Because this is in regards to the events of last night. I believe since my
goddaughter isn't shooting a hundred questions at you a minute regarding your
recently discovered talent and Draco isn't pursuing your friendship like the
politician he is, you have kept it to yourself? Look me in the eye when you
answer."

Moving to the other side of a work table, Harry finally looked straight at
him. In the dark gloom of the laboratory, his black eyes looked unnatural and
eerie.

"Yes."

"Why?"

"What do you mean 'why'?"

"*Why* have you not told them? It is a rare and precious gift. Anyone would be
honored to have it."

Harry snorted. "Anyone who doesn't mind being compared with *Voldemort*, you
mean."

"That's *Lord* Voldemort, and I suggest you not forget it. Are you suggesting
being compared with the most powerful wizard in Britain is somehow a bad
thing? Please help me here, Gryffindor logic escapes me."

"Exactly. *You're* a Slytherin. *Voldemort's* a Slytherin. *I'm* a Gryffindor.
I don't want to spend my life with everyone saying I *should* have been put in
Slytherin. I'm not in Slytherin. I'm never going to be in Slytherin. I don't
*want* to be in Slytherin. I am where I'm suppose to be, and no one has the
right to suggest otherwise. Would you want people saying you should have been
in Ravenclaw because you're smart with potions?"

Snape seemed to consider that. While it irked him that the boy should be so
completely ungrateful for his gift, he couldn't argue that the resulting
attention might not be all positive. But that was not all Potter was thinking
when he decided to keep his talent to himself. No, there was a definite sense
of insecurity and self-loathing at the thought of being compared to Voldemort,
if not Slytherins in general.

So the boy didn't like Voldemort. He certainly wouldn't be the first, but if
his Master wished to use the boy in the future that information could prove
invaluable. If Potter ever learned exactly what his parent's role in the war
was before they fled Britain, that might further complicate matters.

"You do have a point, but you can not hope to keep this secret long. You
seemed to have no control over when you speak parselmouth, and I dare say the
school is riddled with snakes. Magical statues, care of magical creature's
class, personal pets, and a very wild forest not a stones throw from the
castle... it will only take one encounter. One slip of the tongue..."

"But *until* then..." Harry said, shrugging.

"Yes, until then you get to play the good little Gryffindor. You may go."

Harry quickly made his way to the door.

"But be prepared for additional questions *later*," Snape said, smirking. "My
*Master* and I will likely have more."

A shiver ran up his spine as he walked away, his thoughts now clutching at
dreadful images of Snape and Voldemort snickering over their afternoon tea
while they discussed his downfall. His stomach lurched, and he rushed into the
nearest bathroom. It was, unfortunately, the girl's lavatory. He didn't mind
so much with his head half way in the toilet, but once his stomach was empty
he was glad it appeared to be empty.

"I'm starting to hate my life," he mumbled to himself.

"Welcome to the club."

He let out a startled cry and stumbled out of the stall until he smack into
one of the sinks. Floating above the stalls was a ghost of a rather geeky
looking girl, her arms crossed as she looked imperiously down at him.

"You know this is the *girl's* bathroom."

"Er... yes, well... It was kind of an emergency."

"Of *course *it was. No one ever comes in to *my* bathroom unless they
absolutely *have* to. No one wants to be bothered by plain, moping, *Moaning*
Myrtle."

Seeing the ghost looked as if she were about to cry, he rushed to come up with
words to placate her.

"Well-well, I don't usually make it a habit to visit girls' bathrooms, b-but
I'm glad I did this time. I haven't met very many interesting ghosts, you
know."

Immediately, her watery eyes seemed to dry and she threw him a rather odd
looking smile. Much to Harry's horror, he realized she was trying to be coy.

"You think I'm interesting?"

"Er... oh, yeah, definitely. I mean, the only ghost I've met is Sir Nicholas.
I've seen a few other ghosts from afar, but they're all... you know... *old*."

She let out a mousey little giggle.

"It's true... I'm the youngest, newest ghost in Hogwarts. Myrtle Tetherwood.
Eleven years old, died 1948 in this very bathroom. And you are?"

"Harry Potter, at your service."

"Hee hee, nice to meet you. What brings you to my little purgatory? I hope you
aren't seriously sick, but if something should happen you are welcome to share
my toilet."

"Er... that's very...um, generous of you, but I'm not that sick. I just had a
little chat with Snape is all."

"Oh *him*. Well, I guess that explains it. Every so often I get girls coming
in here crying about 'that greasy, wretched man'. As if they know the meaning
of wretched. If they had to put up with half of what *I* had to with Emily
Hornby, then they wouldn't be such babies! I mean she the reason I died after
all. But I got her back! I made sure her Hogwart years were the most miserable
seven years of her life. Hee hee hee..."

"Er... that's...um... Good for you. If you don't mind my asking, how did you
die? Did Emily Hornby kill you?"

"Oh, no. I could beat her down in a *real* fight," she said. Harry frankly
didn't think she looked like she could fight off a determined toddler. "No, I
ran to the bathroom after she made fun of my glasses. When I finally stepped
out I ran into a set of *big yellow* eyes, and then... I died."

He couldn't help but gape. There were things in the school that could kill you
like that? Actually, now that he thought about it, it wasn't that odd.
Voldemort was said to have office in one of the towers after all.

"Oh, that's *awful*."

"Isn't it? Hee hee. You better clean yourself up and go. Snape patrols the
corridors for stray students after he finishes grading papers. He likes to
give Gryffindors and Hufflepuffs detentions for lolly-gagging."

Taking her advice, he went to the set of sinks to wash out his mouth and
cleanse his hands. He was curious to note that one of the sinks had a faucet
designed to look like a snake. Remembering what Snape had said about magic
statues, Harry whispered a little hello to it while Myrtle was busy rambling
on about how *awful *it was being dead. To his amusement, the faucet hissed
back:

"Could you please shut her up? Hee hee?"

---

Saturday afternoon found Professor Snape climbing the stairs to the far
Eastern tower. The first week of term, always one of the most stressful, had
long worn away at his nerves. There would be so many detentions this week the
Sleuw's wouldn't have to lifted a finger until the Monday after next.

He paused at one of the tower windows, looking out across the grounds to see a
few of those students who had escaped punishment. Draco and Hermione were
headed towards the lake, hand in hand. Following a ways behind was Potter. He
was carrying a large basket with the help of one his new Slytherin girls,
Natalie Cypher. Bringing up the rear was Clyde Houghton, sandwiched
uncomfortable between Crabbe and Goyle, and Ron Weasley with a blanket under
his arm trailing behind.

Gryffindors and Slytherins out having a picnic together. If violence didn't
break out, then Hogwarts would have one more miracle added to a long list of
them. Shaking his head, Snape climbed the rest of the way up the tower until
he came to a blank wall.

"*Verdania*," he said, tapping on of the stones. Nothing seemed to happen, but
he moved forward anyway, passing through the wall with all the ease of a
ghost.

"Cutting it close, aren't you, Professor?" Bellatrix chided, lounging
comfortably on a chaise. Pettigew had pinioned himself almost out of view
between a set of bookcases and tried to pretend he was invisible.

Their master sat behind a magnificent mahogany desk, scanning files while a
quill hovered off to the side, making notes on the man's unspoken thoughts. He
looked very much at ease in the school tower, and Snape couldn't help but
think for the thousandth time that perhaps Voldemort had chosen Lestrange as
headmistress because he knew he'd end up running the school anyway.

"The dungeons are a bit further away than your office, Headmistress," he said
dismissively, taking a seat in one of the reading chairs. "Besides, I saw
something interesting on the way here that I thought relevant to our meeting."

Voldemort looked up from his papers, to show the man he had his attention.

"Potter is out on by the lake having a picnic..."

Bellatrix lest out a rude snort.

"...with some Slytherins."

Now the woman looked stunned. She stood from her seat and stalked over to a
telescope by the open window. She looked through it silently for a long time.

"Is that Draco?" she asked finally.

"Yes, and your niece Hermione Granger. She is Potter's best friend since they
met in summer lessons. They're quite close I hear, and since Hermione is
inseparable from Draco..."

"Interesting," said Voldemort, and the quill beside him was suddenly writing
very quickly. "So he has not been taken in by Gryffindor's anti-Syltherin
sentiment?"

"I don't think Potter realizes he's suppose to dislike Slytherins," Pettigrew
spoke, able to control his stutter with Nagini gone and Voldemort currently in
a pleasant mood. "No one dares say anything bad about Slytherins in front of
Granger, and even fewer talk to Potter... if he knows, he doesn't care."

"He's more interested with keeping peace with my goddaughter than proving he's
another Gryffindor neophyte," Snape concluded.

"Draco encourages this?" Bellatrix asked, sounding disappointed.

"Draco is like Potter, he's only interested in keeping Hermione happy. He's
already a Slytherin prince, he doesn't feel the need to prove it to anyone. He
keeps the other first years in line and off both Gryffindor's backs. Whether
they will become friends or not is anyone's guess. Again it probably depends
on Hermione."

"When did that little mudblood become such a player?" she grumbled, stalking
back to her spot on the chaise. Snape turned an icy glare at her.

"Your *niece* is not a player. Potter and her have a genuine friendship, and
Draco and her have always been close. You, 'Cissa, and Lucius were the same
way."

Bellatrix sneered at him, but said nothing more. Voldemort looked amused with
them both.

"I want you to talk with Draco, Severus," he said, "Encourage him to get along
with Potter. Keeping an eye on him will be easier if he has friends in
Slytherin."

"I will, my Lord."

"Now, all of you, tell me what you have gathered on the boy."

Pettigrew went first, as he had the least to say. He confirmed mostly what
they already knew. Potter's best friend was Granger. His second closest friend
was Clyde Houghton. He was on the outs with most of his house because of the
negative attention he'd brought to Gryffindor during the welcoming feast, but
that was starting to die down. There were a few tidbits about his habits- the
boy was almost miserly with his school supplies (although he spared up enough
scrap paper to doodle rather unflattering pictures of Snape and Ronald
Weasley), was usually quiet and reserved, and was the object of some affection
for the Weasley twins (he suspected Fred had a *thing* for the younger boy).
Nothing fantastical had happened in the first week, and any anti-Voldemort
sentiments never went beyond vague grumblings. Once Pettigrew was done, he was
allowed to leave, but with a newly assigned task and small bundle under his
arm.

Bellatrix went next. Her information was limited to official documents, most
of it involving Potter's life before he moved to England. He attended a German
muggle primary school in Cologne, and received fair marks. He was not part of
any teams, but there were several awards for art, including first place for a
city wide competition. The Potters had settled as artists in a small studio
apartment, and did fairly well for themselves. James Potter dealt mostly with
clay sculpture and dabbled in glass and metalwork. Lily Potter was interested
mostly in watercolors. There was no evidence of magic being used or even
talked about in their house, although without access to German Wizarding
records there was no way to be certain. There was nothing to suggest that
Harry knew his parents were anything other than eccentric muggles. They were
shot to death in their studio by a robber, who overdosed on heroine before he
was ever caught. Their work had been auctioned off, and placed in their son's
trust fund. It was all muggle money, but it put Harry in fairly good standing.

Or would have if the relatives he was living with hadn't been bleeding it out
as fast as they could. Potter's relatives were as muggle as they came. His
aunt was a housewife, his uncle sold drills, and his cousin was likely the
biggest, stupidest boy in the county. There was no sign of a British
education, although WYRA reports said he was fluent in English and competent
in math and science.

"He was either home schooled, self-taught, or years ahead before he came to
England. Despite his parents withholding his wizarding heritage, he did well
in Timbal's summer lessons. He'll be no more handicapped than the other
muggleborns, perhaps less with my niece lecturing in his ear twenty-four-
seven."

"And how does Mr. Potter feel regarding his parent's death?Is he angry?
Depressed? Does he still grieve?" Voldemort asked, schemes and manipulations
flying across the parchment beside him.

"I don't know. There's no psychological records. He never went to a councilor,
WYRA never reported any behavioral abnormalities, and he seems well adjusted."

"But one can't forget coming home to find their parents with their brains
splattered across the living room," Snape said, his finger following the lip
of his tea cup.

"What? Where did you find that information. It's not in the reports."

"I don't put much faith in second hand information," he said, looking up her
with a rather wicked expression. "Neither should you. Your records are
woefully incomplete and misleading."

"Really, Severus?" asked the Dark Lord, looking intrigued and amused at once.
"Why don't you fill us in?"

Snape's report was definitely more interesting. He had samples of Harry's art
work from WYRA, no masterpieces by any stretch of the imagination, but the
talent was clearly there. He had his own first hand accounts of the boy's
relatives, his living conditions, the extent of his first outburst of
accidental magic, his magical aptitude test, the presentation of his wand,
glimpses and impressions from their brief connection through occlumency, and a
myriad of other pieces of information with the promise of more to come.

"He may not be anti-Slytherin, but he holds no love for you, my Lord. He still
retains his memories of his parents and his former life, and though he doesn't
object to being removed from the Dursely's, he does seem to resent your policy
of removing muggleborns from their families. He has a rather naive belief that
muggles should be given a chance to care for their wizarding children."

"Do you think removing these memories would help endear him to me?"

Snape thought for a moment, and was surprised at how quickly the answer came
to him.

"No. He's a Gryffindor. If he believes you or anyone has acted against him in
such a manner, he'll mark you as an enemy for the rest of his life. It's
better to work around his stigma, unsettle the foundations of his grudge. Show
him a kindness and he will loath himself for having thought you incapable of
it."

"More flies with honey, is it? And how precisely would I show this...
*kindness*?"

"As an opportunity presents itself. Doing it now would only make him wary."

"So sit and wait. You know I am not a patient man, Severus."

"He is not going anywhere, my Lord."

Voldemort chuckled darkly. His grin was definitely predatory when he looked
back at his servants. Lestrange had come up short. No surprise really. Her
position allowed her access to many records, but limited her exposure to the
students themselves. Severus, on the other hand, had exceeded his
expectations. His duties as both a Hogwarts teacher and a WYRA official had
placed him in a very convenient position to gather intelligence on his target.
That the man was on good terms with some of Potter's closest associates was
just icing on the cake.

Plans were starting to take shape in his mind, possibilities unraveling. The
quill beside him went about like maddened humming bird, flicking spots of
green ink as it went. He could imagine his enemies rolling in their graves as
Harry fell into his grasp, molded into something dark and beautiful and owned.

"You have done well, both of you," he said, mostly to ease the headmistress'
obvious resentment at having been so clearly outdone. "But as Severus is in
the best position to watch Potter, I will charge him with keeping me informed
of his activities. I'll expect a report at least once every two weeks. You may
both go."

Severus hesitated a moment, and Voldemort gestured for him to speak his mind.

"Potter doesn't know about his parents yet, but it's only a matter of time
before someone lets the truth slip despite the Taboo on their names. How do
you wish to handle the matter when it arises?"

Voldemort thought for a moment.

"I will trust your judgement and cunning in this matter, Severus. Handle it in
a matter that curve in rebellious actions on his part," he said, then paused
as another thought came to him. "Restrict access to his family vault. The
financial hold Hogwarts has over him may prove useful in the future. You have
my permission to use whatever means you deem necessary."

Severus bowed in acknowledgment. The two servants exited the room together..

On the stairs, Bellatrix whirled around to snarl at the other man.

"Who do you think you are, showing me up like that? Know your place."

Severus merely smirked.

"My place, dear Bella, has always been by our master's side, serving him in
every capacity I can... Even those that you can *not*."

She hissed at him like a savage cat, whirling around to stalk down the stairs.
He watched her go, pondering his own foolishness for provoking her. She was
still the headmistress after all and in a position to make his life...
difficult. He gave a mental shrug. Oh well. Even potion masters needed to find
a little fun where they could.

---

Sorry, not a lot happened in this chapter. More happens next chapter and I
hoped to have it posted earlier next week.
