# Ballrooms and Backrooms

Time passed, Voldemort returned, the reporters left, the Weasley twins
released a clutch of Gurgleburks (a sort of small pixy with beak like a
humming bird, which it used to collect earwax to build their nests) in the
middle of the Halloween feast, and Harry's grand, albeit vague, adventure was
gradually forgotten.

Despite speculation on possible trauma resulting from his kidnaping, Harry
went on to win both his matches against Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw and was
looking forward to facing off against Slytherin for the Quidditch Cup. The
closer the final match drew, the more apt his potion's professor was to giving
him detentions.

This should have been extremely irritating, but it was quickly becoming an
anticipated reprieve from his housemates. Hermione, who had not given up on
the belief that Harry should not attend the Malfoy Christmas party, had
unwittingly enlisted the help of just about every Gryffindor in school to back
her up. Malfoy's were Slytherins (Hermione being adopted Malfoy made it
forgivable for her associate with them). Malfoy's were evil. Malfoy's would
trick him into betraying his House. Malfoy's would make him do bad things.
Malfoy's would cut him open and give his blood to Snape (that particular one
was a favorite of the Weasley twins, and was soon elaborated upon with rituals
of virgin sacrifice and monsters composed entirely of tentacles). Snape, being
a Gryffindor-hating bastard, kept things nice and balanced with his snarky
comments and favoritism.

"I trust you have something appropriate to wear?" Snape asked off-handedly,
peering over at Harry who was hunched over a growing pile of beetle eyes.
Harry was serving his fourth detention that month for ... he couldn't remember
what, and tearing apart fragile beetle bodies for second year potions.

"A friend is lending me some dress robes. He promised to re-size them to fit
me properly."

"You could always re-size the clothes yourself."

"If I weren't serving so many detentions with you I might actually have the
time to learn spells outside of homework," Harry said, looking expectantly at
his potion's professor.

Snape merely smirked.

"I will be escorting you to and from the party, so don't expect to be there
long. You will arrive here appropriately attired at seven-fifteen sharp, or
I'll leave without you."

Harry said nothing and continued working on his beetles until Snape finally
released him to wash up before dinner. He couldn't say that he was displeased
with his escort's decision to make their visit brief, as he wasn't really
looking forward to the party despite his insistence on going. He was going on
principle, but pragmatically thinking he doubted he'd enjoy it much.

Christmas time in Germany had always been spent with family, playing out long
standing family traditions from both sides and creating new ones every year.
Parties were very few and only with their closest friends and their families
in attendance.

Christmas at the Dursley's had been a farce in comparison. A time of gaudy
decorations, Dudley being even more horrendously spoiled than usual, and
constant cleaning and baking of sugary treats. The least favorite part of the
season by far, however, was the ostentatious parties where in Harry was
dressed up in his only nice set of clothes and an ugly green tie with red
Santas on it. Mr. and Mrs. Dursley would parade Dudley around to all their
associates with a beaming pride matched only by Dudley's own conceit. Harry
would be forced to follow as he was introduced as their adopted ward of some
war torn nation in Eastern Europe. And he would be forced to stand there under
the pitying and condescending gazes of strangers and endure listening to them
wax on and on about how kind and generous the Dursley's were for taking him
in.

He *hated* them in those moments.

He imagined the Malfoy's party would more closely resembled the later than the
former, although he had to admit he was curious to see more wizarding
traditions. The decorations around Hogwarts were breath taking, and he
couldn't imagine a family that had sired Draco Malfoy would allow anything
less. What he worried about most was the people. What sort of people attended
a party held by Voldemort's right hand man?

Fred and George Weasley gave a rather colorful list, on the top of which was
Voldemort himself, followed shortly after by the Seeker of the Chudley Canons,
and Satan.

Would they ignore him? Would they pity him? Would they sneer? Would they
stare?

What would the see when they looked at him? The orphan of two of Voldemort's
most hated enemies? The lucky Gryffindor who survived an attempted murder by
his school mates?

"Harry? Are you just getting back?"

Looking back from the portrait of the Fat Lady, Harry saw Hermione coming up
the stairs with two large books in her arms and her school bag at her side.

"Yeah. Snape gave me beetles this time. How did the study session go?
*Gobbledegook.*"

The portrait swung open and they both climbed inside. Hermione let out an
exasperated sigh.

"You didn't miss out on anything important. Everyone was too distracted
talking out their holiday plans to get much studying in."

Harry smiled.

"Can you blame them? Two weeks without classes and only a few essays for
homework? Besides, I'm sure there excited to be going home for the holidays.
Aren't you?"

Hermione smiled back weakly. Harry gave her a weird look.

"You really don't want to go home for Christmas?"

She sighed, and pulled him into a little nook in the corner of the common
room. They sat across from each other, and Harry only now realized how
miserable she looked.

"Go home to what, Harry? My foster father barely looks at me at the best of
times, and curses my birth at the worst. Narcissa pretends nothing's wrong,
convinced hiding me under pretty bows and good manners will make everything
fine and wipe away the supposed blemish of my dirty blood. My house is a
museum and death trap rolled into one, and I'm not even allowed in the
library!"

Harry wasn't sure what he should say to that. He had known Hermione didn't get
along well with her foster father, but he hadn't realized it was so bad that
she would shun her own home rather than face him, and he had never heard her
utter a complaint about her foster mother before.

"Is that why you don't want me to come to the party, Hermione? Because you
think your foster family will look down on me too?"

"Yes...no... sort of."

"Thank's for clearing that up."

"Harry, it's not that I care what they thinks of you. You're a wonderful
friend and wonderful person, nothing they think or say will convince me other
wise, but Harry... if they choose to... if they wanted... they could... they
could..."

"Hermione, what could they do?"

She wiped the corner of her eyes and sniffed.

"They could... forbid me from being your friend."

Harry looked in the mirror critically as Clyde bustled around him,
straightening up his robes and making sure they fit properly. They were blue
with silver clasps and bangles, and made him look unusually pale.

"Not to sound too much like a girl, mate," Clyde said, "But you'd look way
better in green."

"Professor McGonagal would have a heart attack."

"Snape too, if we were lucky."

They both laughed.

A familiar warmth in his pocket alerted him to the fact he was running late.
He pulled out his watch and cursed.

"Too late to do anything about it now. Thanks for letting me borrow this,
Clyde."

The other boy shrugged dismissively. "Not like I'll need it. Me and my
'uncles' won't be going home till the night before Christmas."

"Yeah, I'm sorry that your Grandmother hasn't been feeling well."

"Don't worry about it. This happens every year. She'll be fine once the stores
stop selling eggnog. Now go on before the greasy git leaves without you!"

Harry hurried down into the dungeons alone. Hermione, Draco, and most of the
other students who were going to attend the party had left several days before
to spend the holidays at home. Despite his friend's reluctance to return home,
once there the letters she sent suggested she *was* having some fun. Mr.
Malfoy was even busier than usual at Court, and the result was the rest of the
family was left to enjoy their holidays with each other. Harry didn't begrudge
her happiness, but couldn't help but feel lonelier than usual.

While there were only a few students left behind during the holidays, and that
number kept decreasing the closer it came to Christmas, those that stayed were
intent on enjoying themselves. The remaining students all sat at one large
table now, allowing the otherwise segregated houses to mingle freely with each
other and their older and younger companions. Harry tried to be sociable, but
there was this barrier of infamy between them, one he had gotten during the
Welcoming Feast and strengthened with his Quidditch victories and kidnapping.
Every time he spoke to someone unfamiliar he felt their unspoken expectation.

Clyde was by far the most enjoyable company, but he also craved large groups
of people and wasn't above leaving Harry alone for hours to go out and have a
snow ball fight. The Weasley twins... well, they were really only safe in
small quantities. Like alcohol, too much and you found yourself either
embarrassed, injured, or in trouble with authority. All his Slytherin friends
had left about the same time as Hermione.

Well, at least he'd get to see them he thought.

Harry arrived at the potions lab just in time to catch up with Snape.

"Cutting it close aren't you? And what a horrid color," the greasy git said by
way of greeting.

"There's nothing wrong with *blue*, and beggars can't be choosers."

"What a perfectly muggle sentiment. *Cambi rosso*."

His robes suddenly turned Gryffindor red. The boy looked himself over and
regarded Snape skeptically. "What? No white fur trim?"

"I could just as easily turn them pink if the color is not to your liking."

"Ho ho ho."

Snape rolled his eyes and led Harry further into the dungeons. They entered
the Slytherin dorms. Harry had visited once or twice with Hermione, but hadn't
stayed long in the gloomy place. This was first time he'd seen the Slytherin
common room decorated, and it looked very pretty and very cold with its
Christmas tree laden with silver ornaments and pure white furniture.

They walked to a narrow door and Snape pulled a key from his pocket. Using the
key on the door, a glimmering light seeped through the cracks of the door
before fading away. As they stepped through, Harry knew they had just warped
to Malfoy Manor. They were deposited into what appeared to be a cloak room.
They were immediately greeted by a rather ugly little creature dressed in what
appeared to be a pillow case. It looked around the at the rows of hanging
cloaks, gloves, and scarves with barely concealed terror.

"My Masters bid you welcome, my Lords," it, she?, said, bowing so low its
floppy ears brushed the ground, eyes flitting about from side to side. "Gigi
is escorting you to the ballroom, now."

She practically ran from the room.

"What on earth is that?"

"Boggart," Snape informed him. "The only way you can catch them by locking
them in a closet. Their quite terrified of them."

"Oh."

Harry was so distracted by the funny little creature skittering about, he
failed to notice Snape's dark eyes glowing with humor.

They were led down a very long corridor lined with portraits that followed
their progress with calculating grey eyes. Between the portraits were display
cases, filled with many strange items and books that turned their own pages
every so often. Harry was hard pressed not to stop and study them all more
closely, but Snape's insistent hand pressing on his shoulder kept them moving
forward.

"Hermione was right," he said, "This place is a museum."

"Not a sentiment I recommend repeating to the rest of the Malfoy family, Mr.
Potter."

"It's not the first time we've heard it said."

Draco Malfoy was leaning behind a marble pillars. He slunk from his hiding
spot, smiling mischievously. He was richly dressed in dark blue and silver,
and on him it looked quite flattering. "Father sent me to wait for you. Our
Lord is holding a *private* discussion with some of the inner circle."

Snape nodded. Draco turned to Harry.

"Just go through that door. Hermione's probably sulking in a corner somewhere.
Nice robes, by the way."

With that, Harry was left to his own devices. He was seriously tempted to go
back the way they'd come and get a better look at some of those display cases.
Then he remembered Hermione had described the house as not only a museum, but
a death trap as well. With a deep breath and a conscious effort to maintain
his posture, he opened the door.

A waltz was playing, but from where he couldn't see. There had to have easily
been over three hundred witches and wizards filling the room, all dressed
beautifully in their finest. Harry felt distinctly underdressed, but no one
paid him any attention as he made his way through the- good god was that a
diamond or a crystal ball?

"Harry!"

He turned to see Hermione, Natalie, Ron, and several of Draco's other friends
clustered together in a corner. As he made his way over, he couldn't help but
notice Ron standing awfully close to Hermione and looked rather pink in the
ears. She was dressed in a satin white gown, embroidered with crystal snow
flakes that flickered different colors every time she moved. Her hair had been
curled into ringlets that escaped from her silver hairpin to cascade down her
naked shoulders. Combined with the glowing smile escaping her pink painted
lips, he could sympathize with Ron for the first time ever.

Hermione was *gorgeous*.

"About time you showed up, Harry," Natalie greeted, looking mysterious and
beautiful in black silk and white gloves. "Hermione was starting to develop a
twitch."

"Natalie!"

"Don't melt your snowflakes, Princess, I was only teasing. Come on, Zabini,
lets squeeze in a dance before everyone starts getting drunk."

"Natalie!"

The blond bombshell was already off, leading her rather flustered date away.
Harry just smiled as she disappeared, then turned to his friend.

"You look nice." She just shrugged and looked him over. Her expression turned
quizzical.

"You look...ah.."

"Like a prepubescent Santa," Ron offered, smirking.

"I was going to say 'festive', but..."

"It used to be blue, but you know ... your godfather's Christmas spirit and
all."

That earned him several snickers, and a sympathetic look from Hermione. From
somewhere in the folds of her dress she pulled out a wand.

"*Cambi verde*."

His robes turned green.

"What am I? A mood ring?" Harry lamented. "Think Snape will cry 'blasphemy!'
if he sees me like this?"

"No, but he might turn you pink."

"Who has he done that to?"

"Lucius for one."

From there they fell into casual conversation, laughter, and the occasional
interruption of an adult dropping by to extend their greetings to their host's
daughter. Draco eventually showed up, shoved Ron onto Parkinson for a dance,
and then made an escape before they got back. The other Slytherins eventually
wandered off to get something to drink or mingle with their dates, leaving
them to wander by themselves out onto the balcony. Aside from a few wizards
enjoying a smoke, the large balcony was practically empty. Although the area
was covered in a layer of snow, they left no foot prints and it was only
slightly cooler outside than in.

"Didn't you want to dance, Hermione?" he asked, realizing they were probably
the only two who hadn't yet.

"Is that your way of inviting me to?"

Harry blushed. "I don't really know much about dancing. I think the last time
I tried was when my mom taught me to waltz at her friend's wedding. I was only
seven, so..."

"Well, come on... show me what you remember, I'll fill you in on the rest."

"Oh...um...okay."

He stepped up to her, feeling awkward and clumsy before they had even started.
It was a lot different dancing with someone about the same size than it had
been with his mother. Hermione had to correct the position of his hand on her
hip and remind him not to keep looking at his toes. His face was on fire and
Hermione was on the verge of laughing.

"Okay, I think we're ready to start," she said, "Lets just keep to the basic
steps, then we'll try something adventurous like twirling."

"Oh, ha ha."

"And one, two, three, and one, two, three, and- Ouch!"

One moment Harry was fumbling through his dance steps, stepping on Hermione's
toes no doubt, and the next he found himself face down in a snow drift.
Lifting his head, it took him a moment to spot a large mansion almost half a
mile away, and then realize it was Malfoy Manor. No sooner had he realized
this, than he was landing heavily on his back and looking up at Hermione's
concerned face.

"... Okay..."

"Are you alright, Harry?"

He considered the question. "I hope so. Tell me, did something odd just happen
a moment ago?"

She smiled and helped him climb back to his feet. Now at a proper angle, Harry
could see that they had company in the form a 'bogart', a different one than
before, wearing a flour sack. It was peeking at Harry rather guiltily.

"I'm sorry about that, Harry. You stepped on my toe and Dobby overreacted a
bit."

"Dobby?"

The 'bogart' let out a mournful wail.

"Dobby has disgraced his mistress and attacked a wizard! Oh, Dobby is the most
awfullest of House Elves. Dobby must punish himself!"

"Oh, Dobby! Don't-"

In a rather alarming display, the strange creature picked up a flower pot and
smashed it over its own head. Harry watched stunned as Dobby snapped his
fingers, and the pot fixed itself, and he smashed the pot on his head yet
again.

"Dob-"

*Smash.*

"No, stop-"

*Smash.*

"*Immobilis corpus*!"

Dobby stopped mid-self-punishment. Hermione let out an exasperated sigh.

"Now I command you stop that. It was an honest mistake, and you know I dislike
it when you decide to punish yourself," she chided, then turned to Harry.
"This is my personal house elf, Dobby. He can be a bit... overzealous, but
he's really a very good elf."

"I thought he was a boggart?"

Dobby let out a horrendous wail.

"Oh, Dobby is a *boggart!* How he has shamed his mistress!"

"What is all the racket about?!"

Draco came storming out to the balcony, took one look at Dobby and rolled his
eyes.

"I should have known. I thought you were told to stay out of the way tonight?"

"Oh, Dobby is the worstest elf ever!"

"Draco, you're not helping!"

"Dobby, go do dishes in the kitchen. I'm sure there's plenty of sharp pointy
things still in the sink for you to punish yourself with."

Dobby bulbous eyes widen, look far to pleased at the prospect of pain to be
healthy. Hermione sighed and released him for her spell, allowing him to
disappear with a loud 'pop'.

"Blimey," Harry said. Draco smirked.

"Takes a bit of getting used to. Dobby's been Hermione's elf since she was
five and she still doesn't know how to deal with him."

She scowled darkly at her brother, who smiled sweetly and draped an arm around
Harry.

"Sister dear, mother was looking for you. She wants you to meet her in the
powder room."

Hermione sighed, then looked apologetically at Harry.

"She probably wants me to meet all her society friends again. I'll try to keep
things brief."

Once she was gone, Harry found himself alone with Draco. He expected the other
boy to return to the party, but instead he pulled Harry off to the side. The
pale boy regarded him cooly and Harry was suddenly reminded of that moment on
the train where Draco had threatened him.

"I like you Harry," the Malfoy heir said finally, "You make school...
*interesting*. And you're a fairly descent fellow, for a Gryffindor of
course."

"Of course," he conceded.

"I can appreciate that my sister likes you, but I have to wonder... why do you
like my sister?"

Harry frowned. "I don't know what you mean. Why wouldn't I like Hermione?
She's clever, funny, and a good friend."

"Yes, yes she is. She is also bossy, condescending, and a spoil sport."

Yes, Harry admitted to himself, that was true, but that wasn't *all* Hermione
was.

"She's... I dunno. She's Hermione. Sometimes she's a bit too smart for her own
good, but... she's... well, she's like me."

"Like you?" Draco asked skeptically.

"I don't think it's something you could really understand. We're both trying
to make the very best out of what happened to us."

"Happened to you? Nothing *happened* to Hermione. I never would have allowed
it. Our family never would have let anything hurt her."

"But she's still hurting, isn't she, Draco?"

The other boy looked ready to snap at him, but hesitated, then looked away.
When Draco looked back at him, his expression was mutinous.

"You sure you just don't think she's cute?"

Harry rolled his eyes. Draco made a frustrated gesture.

"Well, damn. Why couldn't you be shallow? This would be so much easier if I
could just shove Natalie off onto you."

"What are you babbling about Draco?"

"You know my parents are going to arrange a marriage for my sister, don't
you?"

"..."

"Despite what I said, I doubt they'll arrange it with you. So listen, don't go
making her fall in love with you, ok?"

"Er..."

Draco shook his head, looking at Harry like he was imbecile. "*Gryffindors!*"

"Yes, well, *Slytherins!*" Harry said, pointing towards the ballroom dance
floor. From amongst the many twirling couples, a rather flushed Hermione and
Ron were dancing. Draco gaped.

"I leave him alone for five minutes!"

Harry laughed at his retreating back. A familiar warmth drew his hand to his
pocket, and he pulled out his watch. He had been at the party almost three
hours now, longer than he had anticipated. Was his watch telling him Snape
wanted to leave now? Deciding he should find the potion's master before the
man found him, he went back inside. As he suspected, Snape was no where in the
ballroom. Natalie tried to coax him to dance, but he made his excuses and kept
looking. Hermione, Draco, and Ron had all disappeared into the crowd. Harry
had almost despaired of finding the bastard, wondered why he would even *want*
to find him, and then spotted someone who could help him.

"Gigi!"

The saggy eared house elf turned curiously to him, and gave him her usual bow.

"Mister Potter honors Gigi by remembering her name. How may Gigi help young
Mister Potter?"

"Er... yes, I'm looking for Professor Snape. You know, the man I arrived
with."

"Professor Snape is in the drawing room with Master and Master's Master. Gigi
will take you there!"

"Master's Master? You mean-"

Before Harry could protest, Gigi had taken hold of his robe and with a loud
'pop' was transported into the drawing room. Instantly, there were at least a
dozen wands pointed directly at him. Blinking owlishly, Harry slowly lifted
his empty hands.

"Potter?!"

Harry turned his head towards the fireplace where three very familiar
Slytherins were seated and one man who could only be Malfoy Sr. with his hand
entwined intimately with beautiful, haughty woman that had to have been
Narcissa. His eyes skimmed them briefly, and something about their stances
suggested he had interrupted something. When his gaze found Voldemort's, he
tensed.

"I didn't do it!" he blurted, then slapped his hand over his mouth.

Voldemort let out a bark of laughter. The room was suddenly less tense. The
other witches and wizards in the room put their wands away, and set their
expression to something other than vacant surprise.

"Oh, Mr. Potter, what does such a reflexive statement say about our
relationship?" Voldemort asked rhetorically, striding towards the young
wizard. He stopped just before him, raising his hand to touch Harry's cheek,
tilting his face for gentle inspection. Harry remained tense and quiet,
feeling more than just the Dark Lord's gaze on him. Finally, the elder wizard
released him. "What brings you to our little corner of the world, Mr. Potter?"

"... I've misplaced myself again, My Lord."

Voldemort smirked, turning away to take up his position by the fireplace
again. "I believe we had a discussion about that at the start of term."

"Yes, sir."

"No luck?"

"It's one of my New Year's resolutions, sir."

Voldemort chuckled, and several others did as well, though Harry doubted they
knew why. Lucius Malfoy was watching their interaction with intense curiosity,
his grey eyes alight with thoughts Harry could not possibly dream of. Beside
him, Lestrange, dressed in a green gown so dark it was almost black, was
fixing him with a stare that rivaled Nagini's. Snape... Snape was
expressionless, which Harry knew meant something. If the bastard was content
he'd be smirking.

"Do tell how you ended up here. I trust vampires weren't involved?"

"Er... no, no vampires," Harry stammered, then turned a rather dark look on
Snape. "Though there might have been a *boggart*."

Snape's stoic expression cracked, just bit. It was enough that Harry felt some
of his confidence return to him.

"I'm sorry if I interrupted your gathering, My Lord. I was merely looking for
Professor Snape, when one of the house elves sought to... *assist* me."

"And why were you looking for him?"

Harry shrugged. "He might not have to abide by a curfew, but *I* do."

Voldemort looked to the clock resting on the mantle, and then back at Snape.

"I must apologize my friend, it seems we have impeded your responsibilities
with all this idle conversation."

Snape inclined his head. "Not at all. You are always my highest priority, My
Lord."

"Then I release you for the night. Go, take your young charge home and enjoy
the rest of the holidays."

The potion's master stood, bowing respectfully to the Dark Lord and then to
Lord and Lady Malfoy, his hosts. He strode towards the door, snagging Harry
who was caught again in Voldemort's crimson gaze. The connection broken,
Harry's stride easily matched Snape's toward the exit, his hand the first to
reach the door nob.

"Oh, and Mister Potter."

Harry stopped, peering hesitantly over his shoulder at Voldemort, looking like
the devil in the fire light.

"Merry Christmas."

Lord and Lady Malfoy retired to their bedroom at three o'clock, leaving the
clean up for the party to the already weary house elves and the few caterers
they'd hired for the party. This being the first time they had been alone in
days, they were both desiring the other's company. So while Narcissa sat on
the bed, and her husband worked to remove her shoes, they began their first
and only honest discussion of the entire day.

"A rather eventful party wasn't it?" Narcissa began.

"Indeed, if Potter hadn't shown up when he had, your sister and Severus might
have crossed wands," he agreed, his hands sliding up her leg to unclip her
pantyhose from her garter. He graced her with a mischievous smirk and kiss to
her ankle as he exposed her naked skin. She smiled back, reaching to unfasten
the silver clasps of his robe.

"She was being extremely antagonistic tonight, wasn't she? I know Severus has
been especially competitive with her recently, but I hadn't realized she was
feeling so defensive. I would never have allowed so many of her cronies into
the private party if I had thought she was going to gang up on him. We'll have
to write Severus an apology letter."

"Hmmm... I don't know... Potter showed up at a *very* convenient time for him.
He completely ruined her flow of innuendo about his professionalism as an
unbiased teacher, *hah*!, and rather discredited her by actively seeking
Severus out. What Gryffindor would seek out the cruel, tormenting Head of
their rival house? I can't help but wonder if he didn't somehow signal Potter
to come and save him. Do you need assistance with your jewelry?"

"Just my necklace if you would. Severus conspiring with a Gryffindor? James
Potter's son, no less? I can't see it. Besides, his arrival was *too* perfect.
There was no way Severus could have planned for that specific situation nor
Potter's specific method of entrance. It was a fluke. Gryffindors have a knack
for them."

Lucius conceded to her logic with a tilt of his head. She took his wrists to
remove his cuff links.

"Speaking of Potter... what do you make of him?" Narcissa asked. Lucius
scowled.

"I wanted to throttle him."

She laughed and moved to unbutton his shirt underneath his robes.

"He wasn't that bad. I found him quite endearing. And such pretty eyes, he
had. Even from across the room you could see how green they were."

"Yes, our Lord seemed to think the same thing. They couldn't look away from
each other."

Narcissa paused, thinking back on the encounter. She hadn't realized it at the
time, but the boy had not looked away from Voldemort. Not once. When was the
last time anyone had held the Dark Lord's gaze for so long without look away
or dying? Perhaps not since Dumbledore had been forced to retreat across the
Channel.

"Do you suppose the boy is love with our Lord?"

"Well, it would explain Bella's hatred for him, wouldn't it? But it's
Voldemort's reaction that concerns me I've never known him to entertain the
affections of others, especially not children. There's something going on, and
I'm sure Severus and Bella know what it is."

Helping Narcissa to her feet and allowing her dress slide to the floort, he
stood behind her and began untying her bodice. They stood quietly until the
contraption fell away and left her completely naked. Lucius' warm hands ran
the contours of her natural form, massaging light indentations the bodice had
left on her pale skin.

"Perhaps we should ask Hermione," Narcissa suggested offhandedly. "Draco
mentioned that they were quite close."

Lucius grunted, and hid his scowl in her hair.

"Please don't mention that little mudblood while we're doing this. It's rather
a turn off."

A rather nasty retort was on the tip of her tongue, but the argument was old
and led nowhere, and she was much too tired to start it up again now. She took
up a wandering hand and kissed it affectionately.

"Then we'll just have to wait to see how things unfold. Perhaps in the end,
you'll have your chance to wrap these beautiful, strong hands around that
boy's little neck, but for now they belong to *me*."
