# Lords, Ladies, and Lessons

Harry's first summer as a wizard was an introduction in how magic could
make even the mundane exciting. Living with the Sleuw's was nothing like
living with the Dursley's. For one, they were actually pretty nice. For
another, they were odd. Mr. Sleuw, who had not formed a single word in
the entire time Harry was in his company, turned out to be something of
a gentle, albeit dim, giant. He took all his instructions from Mrs.
Sleuw, who while bubbly and energetic, wasn't that bright either. She
was always forgetting what they needed to do that day, or where she left
their wands, or if it was the right time of year to start planting a
particular plant. Yet somehow they filled their days with endless toil,
and dragged Harry into it whenever they could.

He didn't mind so much. The work was hard and often dirty, but unlike
with the Dursley's, he always had proper tools, food, rest, and
instruction to get the task done. And, like McGonagall had said, when he
worked hard enough he spared up enough of their time that they would
take him down to the lake or into Hogsmeade. He could not say whether or
not they felt any fondness for him, but they certainly gave him a level
of respect and consideration, which he was grateful for.

Professor Timbal, while a very strict man, was also very knowledgeable
and never begrudged a question as long as you waited to be called on.
Woe to those who spoke out of term, however. Detentions were spent
clapping chalk dust out of erasers for an entire hour

Classes were not as bad as he thought they would be either. There was
certainly a lot of material covered and there always seemed to be more
they didn't have time to get into, but with Hermione there to patiently
fill in the details to matters that confused him, he felt on par with
most of the class and scored fairly well on all his quizzes. He paired
with Hermione on most days, and while the vast sum of her knowledge and
long convoluted lectures were a bit irritating occasionally, she was a
good study partner and generally patient with him. Natalie, who tended
to group with them once or twice a week was a bit less reliable. Some
days she was perfectly sweet tempered and helpful, and other days she
was a spoiled brat. On all days she seemed intent on distracting Harry
from working with Hermione. Dean Thomas, who grouped with them when a
subject particularly baffled him (and thus required Hermione's
expertise), would tease Harry for being a 'player'. Harry was more
convinced that Hermione simply liked having someone actually listen to
her lectures and Natalie just wanted to use him to annoy Hermione.

That they both happened to be the prettiest girls in the class was
entirely beside the point.

Perhaps the hardest lesson Harry had to learn was one Hermione could not
help him with. Apparently, it was still standard practice to use a quill
and ink rather then a pen or pencil. Harry struggled time and again to
keep from dripping ink all over the place and smudging his fingers. He
wasn't the only one either. Everyone except for Hermione usually had
charmed quills that didn't drip and to suddenly be without said charms
was proving a bit of a frustration. Gradually, Harry got better at it,
but was dismayed how much his handwriting suffered.

As the class became more comfortable together, lunch time grew shorter
and play time grew longer. Harry and the other boys enjoyed short games
of Ground Quidditch, which was similar to regular Quidditch except there
were no brooms, the balls always traveled four feet above the ground,
and the bludgers were a lot softer. Harry had a nac for the Seeker
position and was often the first picked for a team. When it rained they
would break out checkerboards and card sets, some of them already
magicked to perform little tricks. Hermione would just roll her eyes at
their antics and return to her book, while the other girls stood off to
the side cheering them on or gossiping with each other.

By far the best part of his lessons were the field trips on Saturdays.
They seemed to go everywhere, from court houses and museums, to
workshops and sporting events, and even to a wildlife reserve for
endangered magical creatures. Many of these places the others had
already been too, but to Harry it was all a wonderfully new and
peculiar. It earned him a fair bit of teasing, but he didn't care.

Aside from that first day, there were no further discoveries regarding
any wizards or witches named Potter, but Hermione pointed out that there
really weren't that many books in their psuedo-library and once term
started they could make more definitive search. Harry was torn between
longing and dread at the thought that he had wizards in his family. What
if is father had been a squib and he'd been cast out of the family? If
there were still a wizarding family of Potters would they one day learn
of him and try and claim him as their own? What they be like? Like his
father? Brave, playful, a bit immature at times? Would they be like the
Dursleys? Arrogant, selfish, and prejudice? Had they aligned with
Voldemort or killed during the war?

Sometimes he would stay up at night thinking about, a network of
different pasts leading down paths to different futures, too many to
calculate. And sometimes it all seemed so trivial. Harry Potter was
Harry Potter, and he was a wizard. The past couldn't change it, and the
present didn't want to. .

He was enjoying himself so much that when August 1st arrived, he had
completely overlooked the fact that he was now eleven. Hermione,
however, proved once again she had a mind like a steel trap and
presented him a small, neatly wrapped package during lunch.

"Happy Birthday, Harry," she said, placing her gift beside his sandwich.

Harry blinked at her owlishly. "I completely forgot. How could I have
forgotten that? Wait, how on earth did you know today was my birthday?"

"You told me the first day we met, remember? When I asked if you had
your wand yet you said you didn't because you wouldn't be eleven until
the first of August."

"Yikes...no, I don't remember it all. I think the discussion about
Voldemort kinda shoved the rest of it aside."

There was a loud clanking of dropped silverware and several students
turned dark glares at him. "Potter! Don't say his name so nonchalantly!"
snapped one of Thomas' friends.

Harry just shrugged and muttered a sorry, then turned back to Hermione.

"You didn't have to get me anything, Hermione. I mean, we haven't known
each other that long and all."

"If I had known you thirty years I would not have had to get you
anything either. Just open it."

Timidly, he followed her instruction. It turned out to be a gold plated
pocket watch with the Hogwarts emblem on the exterior. He opened it, and
inside was engraved 'To Harry, Hope this keeps you on time and on track.
Hermione.'

"Hermione, this is much too nice for me to accept!"

She merely waved off his concerns. "Don't concern yourself with that.
It's just a transfigured stopwatch. My adoptive mother, Narcissa, helped
me make it. It's charmed to grow warm if you start running late for
something."

He smiled at her shyly, still rather awed by the gift. He hadn't been
expecting anything, and despite her dismissive attitude it was a
beautiful gift. As he stared at it a sudden memory came to him. Years
ago when he was only five or six, he had been sitting in the living room
as his parents got ready to go out for the evening. He remembered his
father standing in the hall, dressed in a tux and holding a gold pocket
watch as he told his mother to hurry up. She had come rushing down the
stairs in her high heels and red dress, her hair up in cascading red
curls. His father had smiled at her wryly, showing her the time, and she
had grabbed his arm and rushed him towards the door, kissing Harry
goodbye as she went.

Feeling his eyes suddenly damp, he quickly got up and left the table,
heading for the privacy outside. He was three steps out the door before
Hermione caught up with.

"Harry, what is it? Did I do something wrong?"

"What? No! No, of course not." Harry turned away from her a moment to
dry his eyes and try to calm himself. He felt a fool for getting all
weepy over something that wasn't even sad. Not really.

"Harry, please talk to me. I promise I won't tell anyone else, but
please tell me what's upset you?" she pleaded.

"It's not you. Really, it's silly. It's just... while I was looking at
the watch, I suddenly remembered my father had a watch like this. I
mean, not like *this* watch, but you know, a gold pocket watch," he
began, and inexplicable his gaze found its way to bearer of his
memories, the gold Hogwarts seal gleaming in the sunlight. "I remembered
how he used to carry it around, and my mom never wore a watch so she was
always asking him for the time or pulling it out of his pocket herself.
It's merely old memories. They just caught me off guard is all."

When he looked up, Hermione was looking at him with such a sad look.

"I must be nice," she said, "... to remember something like that about
your parents."

"Don't you remember your parents?" As soon as he asked it, he regretted
it. He knew the answer already. He knew she could not possible remember
them the way he remembered his. No child of WYRA could possibly have
left with the memory of their muggle life intact.

"I remember one or two things. I remember they were both dentists. I
remember that my room was blue and there were white lace curtains on my
window. But I can't remember what my life was like back then anymore. I
don't know if I have my mother's or my father's eyes, or how they
sounded when they laughed, or if I had any siblings or not. I don't
remember much of anything. I was five when they took me away, but you'd
think I would remember something more than *curtains*."

They stood there silently, sharing something unspoken, an understanding
Harry was afraid no one would ever share with him again. She was like
him. She might not have remembered her parents or her life from before,
but she felt the loss. WYRA and memory spells and time hadn't stolen
that primeval instinct that desired the connection of kin. They may have
both hid their grief from the world, but it was clear as day to each
other in this moment.

It was a startling realization, that she was now his very best friend.

She was his only real friend.

And he had to give her gift as well, even if it hurt her to accept it.

"It's not your fault," he said, "WYRA...they put spells on our beds to
make us forget. They took our lives from us, Hermione. In more ways than
one."

Her eyes widen, suddenly shiney and wet.

"How do you know-"

"Snape. He mentioned it the day before I was brought here, but I
suspected it before then. There was a little boy who came in about a
week after I arrived. He kicked up such a fuss all day, but when he woke
up the next morning he was...*different*. Like he had never lived
another life or had family before. I never slept in my bed after that.
I've probably lost some memories because of the week I did, but I like
to think they're ones that involved the Dursley's."

"The Dursley's?"

"My relatives. They looked after me...er, let me live with them... after
my parents died."

Hermione let out a little gasp.

"I'm sorry, Harry, I didn't know. That's why you came back from Germany,
isn't it?"

Harry shrugged it off. Hermione paced back and forth, a habit she often
adopted when puzzling through unexpected information.

"I wondered sometimes," she said, "If something hadn't been done to
me... but then I just dismissed it as me making excuses for myself. I
can't believe it. That they would... It's awful. It's immoral."

"It's the world Voldemort made for us," Harry said bitterly.

"Harry! Be careful what you say!"

"I'm tired of being careful of what I bloody say!"

"For both our sakes, be careful what you say!"

That shut him up fast, and he gave her a pained, apologetic look. Harry
looked off towards the lake and wondered where his treasonous thought
had come from. Certainly, he couldn't remember entertaining it before,
at least not with any feeling behind it. Yet now that he said it, it
rang with a certain truth. How badly had Voldemort damaged wizarding
society? How many families had it destroyed and lives it ended? Finally,
Hermione, who had been pacing again turned back to him.

"We should go back. Natalie has probably started all sorts of gossip
already."

Harry nodded and quietly followed her back. There was some initial
teasing when they entered the tent, but it quickly died off under their
somber demeanor. The rest of the day was spent in quiet retrospect.
Hermione lost in thoughts of the parents she couldn't remember, and
Harry pondering how it could possibly be made right again.

---

Hermione returned home an hour earlier than usual. Normally, she would
stay at the school until four, studying or talking with Harry or both.
Today, however, neither had felt like company or studying the trade ban
with Europe and the U.S. So now she found herself portkeyed to the back
of the Malfoy estate just in time to see her adoptive brother Draco fall
off his broom.

"Bloody sonofa-"

"Language, brother-dear," she chided from across the lawn. Draco looked
up, clearly surprised to see her there, and then grinned. He brushed
himself off and made his way over to her.

"Well isn't this a surprise," he said, hugging her by way of greeting.
She returned the affection, a bit longer and harder than usual. He
pulled back and studied her more closely. "Are you alright? Did that
boyfriend of yours do something mean to you? If he did, I swear I'll
curse him til Christmas when I see him next."

She smiled and rolled her eyes over his protectiveness.

"Draco, you know as well as I do, that Harry Potter is not my boyfriend
and I am not interested in making him my boyfriend. And no, he didn't do
anything mean."

"Then what's the matter? He didn't like your gift?"

"No, he loved the gift," she assured him, then let out a sigh. "It just
brought up some unexpected issues."

Draco quirked an eyebrow at her. "You're eleven, Hermione. How many
issues could you have?"

"Apparently, one pretty big one."

"Hey," he said, drawing her out of her depressing cycle of thoughts.
"Whose your brother?"

She smiled a bit. "Draco Narcissus Malfoy."

"And whose the most clever, most wicked, and most influential family in
all of Britain?"

"The Malfoy family," she said, dutifully.

"So who could possibly hurt the favorite little sister of the heir of
the Malfoy family?"

"Absolutely no one," they said together in unison.

"See now," Draco said, "Don't you feel better?"

Despite the fact that his little proclamation resolved absolutely
nothing, she did feel better. Her parents and any siblings she may have
had in her muggle life were lost to her, and she to them. But she had
Draco. Her arrogant, devious, charming, over-protective brother. He had
never made her feel like anything less than a magical princess.

"Yes, I do feel better," she said, "In fact, I feel so much better I
want to go swimming."

"Now you're talking." Draco grinned at her victoriously, reaffirmed in
his own perceived perfection as an older (by two months) brother. He
took her hand, as he always had since she had first arrived on the
Malfoy estates and been too timid to go anywhere outside of her room
alone, and led her home.