# The Prince's Choice of Steed

The week past as a flurry of exciting new experiences and unrealized
fears.

His first experiences with spell casting had been discouraging, but he
soon got over it when it became apparent that he was still doing better
than a lot of his classmates, even the Pure Blooded ones. Professor
Flitwick had even commented that he seemed to have a rather high magic
level (this after he tried to charm a tea cup to keep tea warm and
melted the cup).

Homework was an unpleasant necessity, but it usually went quickly with
Hermione's guidance. They spent their afternoons just after class in the
library with Draco and his three little goons (who remained blessedly
quiet- even if Ron gave everyone dirty looks), Natalie, and Clyde. If
they got done early enough they'd find an empty classroom and work in
secret on spell casting- mostly charms and transfigurations. There the
boys let their competitive sides come out, and levitation practice
quickly turned into a game of keep away of Crabbe's quill.

Harry wasn't sure still if he liked Hermione's brother. He always seemed
to be testing Harry to see if he was good enough to hang out with.
Draco's friends, with the exception of Natalie, were a bit dim in his
opinion as well. The blond only seemed to tolerate them for his own
benefit. But occasionally, Draco would do or say something clever or
playful or daring, and he could see what Hermione admired in him.

It wasn't as if he had a lot of alternatives in friends either. While
Gryffindor's hostility had definitely mellowed through the week, his
association with Slytherin seemed to ruffle a few feathers. Hermione had
an excuse, since Draco *was* her brother, but Clyde and he were seen as
conspiring with the enemy it seemed. No one was blatantly rude about it
(yet) but no one seemed inclined to invite either boys in some house
activities. That some of these people were friends with Clyde during
summer lessons, seemed to really hurt the boy but he said nothing about
it.

Fred and George Weasley had tried and failed to get Harry to accompany
them on some pranking excursions. They seemed to think he'd derive some
satisfaction from turning people's hair green for their less than fair
treatment of him. Harry didn't give a damn. As far as he was concerned
he had at least two good friends who stood by him and enough to do to
occupy his time.

Although, the offer to help hex Snape *was* tempting.

Aside from the absurd deduction of points from Snape (he had to do two
extra credit assignments and stay after in Charms to help clean up the
piles of charmed feathers floating about to earn back said points),
Snape had returned to ignoring him in class and had asked no more
questions. But every so often he'd get this strange feeling the man was
watching him.

Things had started to settle into a routine, until the following
Thursday when Clyde woke him up ridiculously early by stampeding around
the room.

"Clyde, what are you doing?" he grumbled, rubbing his eyes sleepily.

"Oh, sorry, Harry," the other boy said, but continued to run around in
circles. "I've lost my other sock."

"Then wear a different pair," he suggested, and tried to lay back down
for another hour's worth of sleep.

"No, I've lost my *lucky* pair of socks. I'm going to need then today."

"Hm? Why?" he asked, without opening his eyes.

"Harry, don't you remember? It's *Thursday*. Flying lessons!"

Now that woke him up. How could he have forgotten? It had been the only
thing the first years had been able to talk about since they were
announced on Monday.

Not that he wasn't excited either, of course.

The only one who didn't seem to be looking forward to it all was
Hermione. From the manner Draco smirked and Hermione blushed when the
topic was brought up, he rather thought Hermione must have finally found
a subject she couldn't learn from a book.

Reluctantly, Harry got out of bed and prepared for the day. He found
Clyde's sock under his bed, where Bilgerat (as he was dubbed by Clyde)
had dragged it to insulate his rat nest. The rodent had popped up
shortly after the first day of classes, and seemed quite intent one
keeping close to his rescuer. Harry wasn't certain if he was flattered
or irritated.

"Hey, what's that?"

Harry turned to see what had Clyde's attention. Sitting on Harry's trunk
was a small leather bound book. He couldn't recall ever seeing it
before, and it certainly hadn't been there the night before.

"I don't know. Someone must have forgotten it or put it there thinking
it was mine."

Vaguely curious, he picked up the book. There was no title on the cover,
and when he opened it to the cover page, it read "Diary of-". Where a
name should have been was a water damaged smear of red ink. He could
just make out an 'o' and an 'R', but the rest was illegible.

"Ooohhh! Let's take a peek," Clyde said, reaching for the book. Harry
immediately moved it out of his friend's reach.

"No. It's someone's private thoughts. If it were me, I would kill anyone
who made fun at them."

"If it such a big deal, then he shouldn't have left it out where anyone
could find it."

"No."

Clyde pouted and glared and whined, and Harry thoroughly ignored him. As
the other boys rose misty eyed from their beds, he asked if any of them
owned a journal. No one fessed up to it, and seemed rather irritated
with him for thinking they'd have something so 'girly'. Mystified and
now suspecting someone was playing a prank on him, Harry resolved to
give the journal to McGonagall. There was probably some sort of spell
she knew that would reveal the owner and if anyone had tried to prank
him then they would soon regret it.

He stuck the book in his pocket and headed down with Clyde to breakfast.
Hermione was also up early, her nose buried in 'Quidditch Through the
Ages', trying to find any tips she could. Just watching her stress gave
Harry a headache. The constant, nervous babble about brooms and
Quidditch and magical travel she poured out didn't make him feel any
better. In fact, his headache only grew worse as classes began, and he
began to wonder if he hadn't caught a cold. When it was finally time for
flying lessons, Harry emptied his pockets and set them on his bag so
they wouldn't be damaged in case he fell off a broom and then went to
line up with the rest of the first year Gryffindors and Slytherins. With
fresh air in his lungs and sun warm on his skin, Harry felt his headache
recede a bit, but he still wanted to go and take a nap somewhere.

Professor Gimms regarded them all with piercing blue eyes, looking with
a practiced gaze for the troublemakers and the slackers. In addition to
being their flying couch and official referee for Hogwarts Quidditch
matches, Gimms coordinated several clubs including a Riding Club (which
usually involved a lot more than just horses) and Fencing club, and
assisted Quirrell in some of his more 'physical' lessons. There were
rumors running around the school that he had once been an Auror, and
others that he had been a Death Eater. Harry thought about asking
Hermione about him, but settling his curiosity wasn't worth the rambling
monologue she'd end up spewing at him.

"Now," Professor Gimms began, "before we get started, let me set down
some ground rules. Firstly, I don't care how good of a flyer you *think*
you are. You will not ride your broom any higher or faster than I allow,
and you will certainly never ride your broom when I am not present. If
you're stupid enough to disobey me, then you will suffer the greatest
degree of punishment I am able to legally inflict upon you... if you
don't break your stupid neck first."

Harry wondered why all the teachers here were so grouchy. Only Flitwick
seemed to have any sense of humor. They lived in an enchanted castle for
goodness sake, not an orc fortress. While he was busy thinking these
morose thoughts and ignoring his throbbing head, Gimms was rearranging
the students. He suddenly found himself surrounded by Draco's goons, the
surliest of them being Ron who was directly to his right. The redhead
gave him a mutinous look.

"Careful," Harry said, sounding bored, "Your face might stick like
that."

If anything the look grew even angrier.

"Now, hold out your wand hand towards your broom- like so, and command
your broom firmly and confidently. *Up!*" Immediately, the professor's
broom leapt into his hand. "Well, what are you waiting for?"

Harry watched as the other students commanded their brooms. He was
vaguely amused to see Hermione's merely rolled over and seemed to fall
asleep. Draco's broom found his hand immediately, but his was about the
only one that did. The rest of the brooms hobbled or bounced a bit, but
didn't rise. Harry, after seeing there was no way he could actually
embarrass himself, held out his hand.

"Up," he said evenly. The broom sprung immediately into his grasp. A
strange sensation ran through him, very similar to the one he felt the
day he received his wand. It was a sense of *rightness*. A spontaneous
understanding that no ill could ever find him when it was in his hands.

"Impossible," Ron muttered, "You cheated somehow. No way a filthy
mudblood-"

"Could ever succeed where a pureblood *failed?*"

"Why you son of a-"

"Malfoy, Potter, well done," called Gimms, looking suddenly in a much
better mood. "Five points to Slytherin and Gryffindor each. The rest of
you, don't get discouraged. Confidence is key. If you don't believe the
broom will come to you, then it won't. Continue practicing, and then
I'll show you all how to mount your brooms."

While Harry waited for the others to catch up, he repeated the same
exercise until he was quickly bored. Soon he began testing to see if he
could make the broom rise part of the way or make it hover. Meanwhile,
Ron grew increasingly red as his broom simply flopped about, until with
a particularly frustrated 'UP!' his broom leapt up- and missed his hand
altogether to conk him in the nose.

Harry pretended he hadn't noticed, but it was hard to keep a straight
face with everyone else snickering. Ron didn't remain the center of
their amusement for long. Just as everyone was starting to get the hand
of summoning their brooms, the class was interrupted by a sixth year
Ravenclaw in Quidditch robes running up to Professor Gimms.

"Sir! Someone's bewitched the quidditch equipment! The snitch is
smashing into people like a bludger and the quaffles are flying all over
the place," the boy exclaimed, looking very unsettled. "It's those
Weasley twins, I know it! Who else would pull such a ridiculous prank?
And on school property no less!"

Harry felt his lips twitch into a smile, but quickly hid it when he saw
Professor Grimms good mood vanish as quickly as it had come.

"You all remain where you are! Under no circumstances are you to attempt
to fly. I will be back momentarily."

With that, Professor Gimms disappeared with the Ravenclaw boy to the
other side of the castle. No sooner than the man was out of sight, did
Draco mount his broom and hover comfortably just above the ground.
Hermione told him to get down, but the more she complain the higher he
seemed to go until she decided to completely ignore him.

"What about you, Potter? You seem to have some talent with a broom. Care
to come up and enjoy the view?"

If his head wasn't throbbing and he were in a better mood, Harry would
have been very tempted. Instead he favored Draco a bored glance and
merely shrugged.

"I'll wait."

Draco gave a mocking pout, but quickly returned to hovering in slow
circles around the other students, preening under their fascinated
stares. Hermione grew considerably more huffy, but said nothing.
Gradually, even Draco seemed to grow bored (or perhaps he was beginning
to worry about Gimms catching him) and began to descend when something
behind Harry and Hermione caught his attention. Harry followed the other
boy's gaze and found Ron standing next to his book bag, holding the
mysterious journal.

"Hey! What are you doing in my bag?"

When the redhead looked towards him, he felt his insides squirm as he
was stared at with such a twisted look of glee.

"You know," Ron said, "this isn't the sort of thing you should just
leave lying around. You're just *begging* to have someone read it."

Harry began stalking towards Ron.

"It's not mine. I'm turning it in to McGonagall. Now hand it over."

"Why? If it's not yours, then I'm sure you won't mind me borrowing it. I
promise I'll hand it over to a teacher later. You know...like Snape."

"Ron," snapped Natalie, "Don't be such a dick. Just give it back to
him."

"You had no right snooping in Harry's bag! If we told a teacher, you'd
really get it! Even your Head of House wouldn't approve of you
stealing!"

"Who asked you, you mudblood harpies?!"

"That's it!" Harry snarled, rushing at the redhead who panicked and
started to run away. "Come back here, you little weasel."

Ron spun around, wand in hand. His broom still clutched in his hand,
Harry swung it and knocked the wand from his hand and into the lake. Ron
stumbled back, nearly falling over, and snatched up a broom. Despite his
miserable performance thus far, the redhead managed to mount his broom
and lift himself shakily into the air. He wobbled a bit and looked
extremely uncomfortable without his feet on the ground, but still
managed to keep his hold on the diary and sneer down mockingly at Harry.

But only for a moment.

Harry was on his broom and hovering right beside him, staring him dead
even in the eye. The broom rested calmly under his grip, neither
wobbling nor wavering. Harry took it all for granted, trusting his broom
and his body to know how to keep him levitating. His opponent looked
barely able to hold onto his broom *and* remain aloft at the same time.
Yet their brooms continue to hover, and as Ron instinctively moved away
from Harry they were soon almost fifty feet up and over the lake.

"Give me the book and apologize to Hermione and Natalie," he said, "Or
I'll knock you off your broom and you can *swim* back to Hogwarts."

"Harry, get down from there! It's dangerous and the professor will catch
you any minute! Hurry up or you're going to get expelled," Hermione
pleaded.

Draco, who had been silently watching the conflict unravel, also spoke
up.

"You heard her, Weasley. Fight it out if you want, but do it on the
ground."

Ron looked decidedly unsure. Harry thought him even dimmer than before.
It should have been obvious that he couldn't win this fight... at least
not in the air. Ron finally seemed to come to that conclusion as well.
He glowered at Harry.

"We'll continue this later," he snarled.

In a final act of vindictiveness, he hurled the diary in his hand as
hard as he could out onto the lake. Harry watched it arch through the
air and time seemed to slow. In his hands, his broom suddenly felt
alive, and he could feel its will and desire like a physical sensation.
And he was suddenly streaking past a startled Ron.

The diary began to fall and Harry instinctively angled the broom towards
the water. He could see his own dark shadow grow as he reached the
water's surface, halloed in the glittering reflection of the sun. Her
drew closer and closer, until he could see beyond his shadow to the
strange shapes of plant life and giant fish (mermaids?) and then leveled
out. He clung tight to his broom, tucking in his arms and legs to
increase his control. So close the water's surface he was, that if he
had unwrapped his leg from the wood it would surely have hit the water
and sent him crashing. But his leg didn't drop down. Instead his arm
reached out, and with perfect ease he snatched the falling diary right
out of the air.

His goal achieved, he felt himself slow and carefully rose a little
higher and made a slow turn back towards the shore. The sight that met
him nearly made him loose hold of his broom. Professor Gimms stood stony
faced with Ron's ear twisted in his grip, but he had eyes only for
Harry. He hovered for a long moment, uncertainty and the first inklings
of fear seeping into his psyche. Finally, knowing that prolonging the
inevitable wouldn't make it any better, he steadily flew to eventually
stand beside the professor.

"The both of you will return to your dormitories immediately, while I
finish the rest of the lesson. I will have a word with both of your
Heads of House to work out a *thorough* and *suitable* punishment for
your stupidity," Professor Gimms said, scowling darkly at both of them.

Both boys stared guiltily at the ground and said nothing. He released
Ron, who immediately went to collect his things and disappeared into the
castle. Harry shuffled passed, but not before the man snatched up the
diary and gave his hearty slap upside the head with it.

"Dunderhead!"

---

The wait for Professor Gimms punishment was perhaps the second most
nerve-wracking wait of his young life. The first had been his trip to
the Headmistress' office, but the longer the time dragged on the more
intense his nervousness became. His imagination provided all sorts of
cruel acts and bizarre punishments that might be inflicted on him.

Perhaps they would forbid him from flying ever again. Or lock him in the
dungeons for a month. With the Nagini incident not even two weeks old,
they might decide he was too much of a troublemaker and expel him.

These were the tamer punishments.

The more severe ones involved Voldemort and the cruciatus curse.
Professor Snape and a cane or whip or a potion so vile it couldn't be
taught in school. And worse of all was the thought that they might snap
his wand. He didn't know if he'd be able to survive that.

To make matters worse, it would all be for nothing.

His irritation so great for the blasted journal had motivated him to
opening it and discerning its owner so he could wail at him or even her.
It was empty. Aside from the ruined cover page there wasn't even a
smidgen of ink or pencil anywhere inside it. One of the other boys
probably got it as gift from a relative and decided they didn't want it,
tossing it on his trunk and refusing to claim it. He was so tempted to
throw it in the fireplace.

However, he decided to hold onto it when he finally made his case to
McGonagall. He doubt he'd get out of punishment, but proof that he
hadn't actually *started* the trouble might go a long way. He could just
imagine Ron attempting to explain himself to Snape, and result was
rather amusing in his own head. Of course, Snape wouldn't deduct points
like McGonagall might. Everyone new the man would sooner assign a
detention than deduct a single point from his own House.

"Hey, Harry," came a voice behind him, followed by a another very
similar.

"We heard that you-"

Fred and George were suddenly sitting on either side of him.

"Our bright and shining hero-"

"Had a delightful adventure-"

"With our prat of a younger brother-"

"And are now awaiting your execution."

Harry ignored them, in no mood to be teased. Instead of being dissuaded,
they crowded in closer until they were practically snuggling with him.

"We heard you performed *brilliantly* on your broom. Like a professional
instead of a first timer," said Fred, putting his arm around Harry's
shoulder.

"Any thought to joining the quidditch team? Our last real Seeker left
last year, and this year we had to put Angelina in that position. She's
normally a Chaser, but no one else is small enough for the position,"
said George, putting his arm around Harry's other shoulder.

"She's alright, mind you, but we need some real talent this year if
we're going to *finally* beat Slytherin in the championship."

Despite himself, Harry felt his curiosity rise.

"Does Slytherin win often then?"

The twins shared a rare disgruntled look.

"Try every year. At least since Voldemort took the school. He comes to
almost all of the games where Slytherin play," said Fred. "I think his
presence intimidates the rival players into losing. *Especially* the
Seekers."

"And I suppose you want me to be a Seeker?"

"Well, you are the right build," said George.

"And have good speed, or so I've heard," continued Fred.

"Plus you must have had good eye and hand coordination to catch that
book while flying that close to the water."

"And of course, Voldemort already hates you, so... Hey, no loss there."

"Oh thanks! Why don't you just stamp 'Please Cruciatus Me' on my
forehead?"

"And mar that beautiful soft skin of yours?"

"Never!"

With that, the twins really *did* snuggle up to Harry, pressing their
freckled cheeks to his. Harry let out a frustrate sound and shoved them
both off and away from him, snagged a pillow and smacked them both
upside the head with it. His mistake was soon apparent when both twins
shared a grin and took up their own fluffy weapons. The pillow fight
that resulted soon grew beyond just the three and quickly involved
anyone unfortunate enough inside or passing through the commons room.

When Professor McGonagall and Professor Gimms finally arrived to discuss
Harry's punishment, they were immediately coated in a fine cloud of
feathers and a suddenly tense silence. Harry quickly tossed his half
ruined pillow behind the sofa and hoped neither had noticed. Judging by
the slight twitch in the corner of their Head of House's eye, it seemed
a futile hope.

"Weasleys, I want this room cleaned up and the pillows repaired by the
time I return or you'll be cleaning more than just feathers out of the
owlry this weekend. Potter, follow us."

Sheepishly, but considerably calmer than he had been, Harry jogged after
the retreating professors. They said nothing to him, and thinking they
might need time to reign in their anger, he did not disturb them.
Instead of going to either McGonagall's office or the headmistress's
like he had thought they would, they made their way instead outside the
castle and towards the quidditch pitch.

It was lunch time and the grounds and pitch were almost empty. None of
the first years or the Ravenclaw quidditch team remained. The only
person present was a sixth year boy he recognized as a Gryffindor with
large chest set beside him. He regarded Harry intently and (was it his
imagination?) hopefully.

"So this is him?" the older boy said.

"Yes, this is Harry Potter," replied McGonagall, "Professor Gimms
believes he is just what you need."

"Huh?" Harry said stupidly, now thoroughly confused. Was this other boy
going to be in charge of his punishment somehow?

"Mister Potter," the stern witch said, finally turning to regard him
fully, "this is Oliver Wood. He's going to help us perform a few tests
involving your maneuvering skills on a broom. How well you perform will
determine the shape of your punishment. I recommend you do your very
best."

"Huh?"

Professor Gimms took his hand and shoved a broom into it. "Don't think
about it. Just get on your broom. We're going to release the snitch. The
faster you catch it the less trouble you'll be in. Understand?"

"No!"

"Go!" shouted Wood. The wooden trunk was now open and something shiny
and golden flew out. Harry leapt onto his broom and was immediately
after it. Again the feeling of *rightness* returned as his feet left the
ground. Fears and anxieties were blown away in the cool autumn wind. His
usual tumult of feelings were simplified into a singular sensation of
freedom and his only thought lay in catching the Snitch.

It was much harder than his first flight across the lake. The lake had
been open and flat and relatively safe. The journal had flown in an
easily calculated trajectory. The quidditch pitch was a myriad of
obstacles: the stands, the stadium walls, the goal posts. And the Snitch
flew like a living thing, weaving about these obstacles, diving up and
down, pausing, turning right back around, spirals, and loopty-loops and
always at the speed of a hummingbird.

Twice he had brushed ever so lightly against the stadium walls as he
pursued, and once just a foot above the ground. He followed the snitch
between and around the goal posts, quickly learned the futility of it
and tried short cuts and prediction of the golden ball's path but failed
more often than not. A surprising series of twists, turns, and whirls
and snitch disappeared.

Frantically, his searched the pitch, but it could have been anywhere.
Above, below, behind him, behind the stands or hovering momentarily in
the shadow of a goal post, anywhere. He forced himself to remain still,
searching for even the slightest glimmer. The time stretched

to a minute, then two, then three, and Harry felt anxiety return to him.

It was taking too much time. He wasn't doing well at all. He was going
to be punished more severely for wasting everyone's time now. Perhaps
they'd expel-

THERE!

He dropped like a rock- no, even faster than gravity would allow on its
own, speeding straight down. His arm shot out, wrapping around something
hard and round. But he was going too fast to stop his descent and the
ground was coming on fast. He kicked the back of the broom so it angled
directly up and *willed* it to rise. It was futile to think he could
stop himself completely with so little time, but he tightened his grip
and the handle and braced himself.

As the ground became a scant four feet and him still falling, he
released his legs from the broom and landed heavily on his feet. He
stumbled, but held his balance. Only now with his feet on the ground did
he realize what he had just done. His first day of flying and he'd been
zooming about like a lunatic. He was sweaty and breathing quickly, both
his broom and the Snitch felt as if they would fly out of his weakening
grip at any moment.

"Yes, yes, YES!" he heard Wood cry. "He's perfect! We *have* to have him
now."

Harry turned around. The other Gryffindor was jumping up and down with
excitement, practically *dancing* around their Head of House. She looked
positively stunned, and her glasses had slipped clean off her nose.
Gimms remained calm and composed, but the thin line of his mouth curved
up just a little. McGonagall suddenly came back to herself.

She strode over to Harry and held out her hand. Uncertainly, he handed
her the Snitch. She look at it closely, a smile of satisfaction reaching
her lips. The smile remained as she looked down at her pupil.

"Congratulations, Mr. Potter. You are now Gryffindor's new Seeker."

"*Huh?"*

---

Harry is in quidditch again, Ron's in trouble, the Weasley twins may or
may not be gay, and a mysterious diary appears... well, mysteriously. I
rather enjoyed this chapter.
