# The Most Noble of Houses

McGonagall escorted Harry to Gryffindor Tower in utter silence. He got the
distinct impression she was angry with him. But, he figured, *everyone* was
angry at him, except probably the Weasley twins. They were probably laughing
their asses off at him. They stopped before a portrait of a very fat woman
sleeping in her chair.

"Wake up," his Head of House commanded, and the fat woman stirred. She rubbed
her eyes sleepily and watched them blearily.

"Bit late, isn't it Professor?"

"I am aware of that," McGonagall said primly, she turned back to Harry for the
first time since leaving the headmistress' office. "The password is Devil's
Snare."

The portrait swung open to reveal a circular portal.

"I leave you here, Mr. Potter. The boy's dorm is on the right, your room is in
the highest part of the tower." She turned to leave, but Harry called out to
her.

"Professor!"

She paused, not looking back at him.

"I am really, really sorry that I got you in trouble," he said, trying to
convey how badly he felt about it. She stiffened, and he thought for a moment
she would ignore him and walk away. She surprised him by turning around, her
expression softened.

"I am sorry too. Lord Voldemort was right. You were my responsibility. I
should have known immediately that you had fallen behind when everyone was
lined up for the sorting, before that even... A great deal of trouble, and
pain, might have been spared otherwise. We will both have to tread more
carefully from now on. Well, it's late Mr. Potter. I bid you goodnight."

"Wait! One more thing!"

Now McGonagall looked curious. "Yes?"

"Um... could you... could you not mention my being a parselmouth to anyone?"

"I suppose. Why? Most would be rather proud to have such a gift."

"Well... I'd rather not have people making comparisons between me and...
*Him*. Especially since I'm Gryffindor. They're mad enough with me as it is."

She gave him a wry smile. "*Him *and *me*, Harry. And I see where that might
make some uncomfortable. On the bright side, you caused just enough chaos that
no one remembered to dock Gryffindor points. That will go a long way in
earning your House's forgiveness. I dare say by Christmas they'll be recalling
it as something of an adventure."

"Thank you, Professor."

"You are welcome. Now off to bed with you."

She strode away, a little more spring to her step, and Harry climbed in
through the portal. He was greeted by four *very *curious Gryffindors.

---

McGonagall went immediately to her rooms and prepared for bed, completely
exhausted. What an evening it had been! She couldn't remember a Welcoming
Feast this chaotic since James Potter and Sirius Black put blast-ended skrewts
in the Slytherin's breadbaskets. She could just imagine James laughing
hysterically when his son enticed a very large and venomous Nagini into the
Great Hall and then left said Great Hall to lead the entirety of the teaching
staff on a mad search through the castle.

She entertained the possibility of writing to Sirius and Remus about the
night's events. She imagined they would be ecstatic to know James' legacy was
turning out to be just as much of a troublemaker as the original. She
dismissed the idea quickly. Who knew what those two would do if they learned
their godson was in Britain? The one thing Harry James Potter did not need was
his godparents violating probation to visit him right under Voldemort's nose.

Voldemort.

She shuddered. She didn't think she would ever forget the sight of him casting
that awful curse on Lily's child. There had been instances before, much less
often nowadays, where she had been called into his or the headmistress' office
to collect a similarly punished child, but that was always after the fact. For
a moment, she thought her heart had stopped when the boy had screamed.

To make matters worse Harry turned out to be a Parselmouth. A rare and coveted
talent... for Slytherins. Not so much in Gryffindor. She thought it very
prudent of him to want to keep it a secret, and she would help him keep it as
best she could. However, this was Hogwarts. Secrets, especially the magical
kind, rarely remained secrets for long. Most of the teaching staff knew
already, and all it would take was a bit of overheard gossip for everyone of
the student body to know as well.

Worst of all, *Voldemort* knew. And now the man had reason to take interest in
the boy. No doubt he would find someway to take advantage of Harry's talent if
given the chance. The only thing McGonagall could do was keep her young charge
as sheltered from his attentions as possible. Given recent events, she
wondered if she was up for the job.

---

Severus returned to his quarters just after midnight. He left Bellatrix
slightly tipsy and alone with their Lord. He had no doubt by the time the
dictator left, he would be questioning his previous judgement in allowing the
woman to become headmistress. Perhaps the dark wizard was already doing so.

He grinned wickedly at the thought of the arrogant woman being brought to
heel. She might have been a fine general during the war, but it took more than
clever sadism and blind loyalty to run a school. What children lacked in
ambition and viciousness, they more than made up for in free time and
creativity.

The Weasley twins were a perfect example. Leave them along in a room for an
hour with only their wands, and the resulting mayhem would likely be recorded
in legend. Hell, leave them alone in a room with only a pack of gum and the
result would be the same.

Add to that the strange political nature of the separate Houses, bloodlines,
the point system, and Quidditch matches and you have a recipe for adolescent
intrigue. The castle's many secrets and curiosities only magnified the
possibilities and dangers. It took constant vigilance, a keen intelligence,
and a firm hand to maintain order at Hogwarts. Lestrange might have been
suited to take on the position as she grew older, after several years of
teaching and learning what to expect from students. However, she had taken the
position and the lofty title immediately after the war as a reward, not as a
job. She didn't seem to understand that running Hogwarts required a great deal
of *work* on her part.

McGonagall would have been much better suited. He'd never say it to anyone,
especially not the woman herself, but she was really the only logical choice.
She had the dignity, discipline, and experience. Most of all she *loved* the
school. She had loved it so much that even when her adored mentor and former
headmaster Albus Dumbledore had fled, she remained behind.

And miraculously, she had been spared and her loyalty to the school, if not
Voldemort himself, was rewarded with her continued position as Head of
Gryffindor.

But she would never be headmistress. He doubted that any Gryffindor would as
long as Voldemort ruled. Which left himself as the next best candidate. And he
didn't think he would do that bad of a job either. He might not have Minerva's
experience, but he shared her love for the school. To a certain extent, that
extended to the students as well. Empty-headed imbeciles though they were.

Potter might just present the opportunities he needed to topple Bellatrix from
her pedestal and place himself in the forefront of Voldemort's positive
regard. He already had a leg up on her with their Master's newest orders to
gather information on Potter. No one knew more about Harry Potter in the
wizarding world than himself. He was there when the boy was taken from his
relatives' home, he had all his muggle records, he has his magical aptitude
results, and was there when he received his wand. Add to that his goddaughter
was apparently his best friend, and there was no way Bellatrix could gather
more intel than him.

On the off chance that Potter should gather Voldemort's favor ( a very slim
possibility, but his Master was often as unpredictable as the Hogwart's
staircases), then a bit of placating on his part would put him in Potter's.
After all, the only real point of contention between them was that silly
sketchbook.

Returning it should settle things between them rather nicely.

Severus smirked, pulling said sketchbook from the bookshelf as he made his way
to his private laboratory. He opened it at random and found himself looking at
James leaning over a potter's wheel. Potter the potter. How deliciously
absurd. He flipped it to another page, this time featuring an infant Harry
sleeping in his mother's arms as she dozed in her rocking chair.

It was filled with drawings, mostly incomplete sketches, but they outlined his
life as easily a diary would have. Harry loved his parents. Harry liked
football (not American football, but *football*), animals, and art. There
weren't many pictures of other people, and no one aside from the Potters ever
appeared more than once, suggesting he didn't have friends. Either the boy was
very shy or his parents were over protective... which means he might be shy as
a result. A weakness he could so easily exploit to gain his confidence or tear
him down.

There were a lot of possibilities here. He was likely getting ahead of
himself. He needed some trusted advice on how to proceed. Summoning a quill
and parchment, he sat down at his work station and started to compose a
letter.

---

"You *appear* to have all your parts," said Clyde, surveying Harry critically.
"But I don't think I would be able to tell if you were missing your spleen."

"What?"

"Oh, Harry, are you alright?" Hermione asked.

"He looks pretty good to me," said Fred. "In fact, he looks bloody brilliant."

"We do have to applaud you, old chap. Fred and I haven't had this much fun
since a Hufflepuff exploded the potion's classroom."

"For goodness' sake, you both are incorrigible!" she sniffed.

Harry stared at the four other Gryffindors, and smiled tiredly.

"I'm fine. I kept well out of Nagini's reach. What happened after I left? Was
anyone hurt?"

They all settled into some comfortable armchairs in front of the fireplace and
explained all that had happened. There had been some accidents, nothing more
serious than a bump on the head, when everyone panicked and tried to leave the
hall at once. After Harry led the snake away though, Voldemort and the
teachers were quick to take the situation in hand. Injured students were
escorted to the hospital wing for the night, and prefects escorted their own
houses to their common rooms. Most of the House had waited up for a while to
see if Harry turned up, but eventually went to bed.

Harry told them all about his first encounter with Nagini, about the second
chase through the halls and into the secret corridors, his run in with Sir
Nicholas, and visit to the headmistress' office. He didn't tell them about
being a parselmouth or about Voldemort's pardon, but said after he explained
things he had been let off with a scolding. Gryffindor, amazingly, hadn't lost
a single point through the entire fiasco.

Everyone was quite entertained, except for Hermione who kept exclaiming 'you
could have been killed!'. They all suffered a very long lecture on 'foolish
risk-taking' until even she was yawning. Finally, they all made their way to
their dormitories for sleep.

It was dark as Clyde and Harry entered their bedroom, and all the other boys
were fast asleep. Clyde collapsed in the nearest empty bed, and Harry did
likewise in the single one remaining.

*What a way to start an education*, he thought to himself. Despite all that had happened that night, he couldn't help but smile a bit. Aside from the embarrassing himself in the Great Hall and the consequent cursing immediately after, it had been rather magnificent day. His best friend and he turned out to be in the same house, made friends with the Weasley twins, met his first ghost, discovered a secret passageway (if he could only find it again!), outsmarted a giant cobra, and turned out to be a parselmouth!

Although whether being a parselmouth was a good thing or not was still up for
debate. One day he might tell Hermione, and he was sure she could ramble off a
list of good and bad things associated with that gift.

In the meantime, he just wanted to sleep.

---

Harry woke up late the next morning to a burning sensation on his hip. He
bolted out of bed and pulled out his charmed pocket watch. He was already late
for breakfast. All the other beds were empty, including Clyde's and he
wondered why no one had bothered to wake him. Tiredly, he set about changing
out of his sleep rumpled clothes, cleaned himself up, gathered his supplies
for the day, and marched down to the Great Hall.

He yawned the entire way, feeling as if he hadn't slept at all the night
before. His dreams had been restless, filled with secret corridors and snakes.

The Great Hall was full as he entered, but there was a distinct lessening of
chatter as he walked through the door and a great deal of staring. He
hesitated for a moment, then strode purposefully towards his table, forcing
himself to keep his head high. But even his house's table wasn't very
welcoming. Although already crowded, the few spaces left miraculously found
themselves taken up when ever he drew near. Frustrated and a little hurt, he
searched for some possible opening.

"Wot'cher there, Harry!" someone said. Harry turned to see the Weasley twins
on either side of him. They quickly grabbed him by the arms and led him a
section of the table particularly crowded with first years. Completely
disregarding everyone else sitting, they made a bit of mayhem shoving everyone
aside to make space for all three of them. Not a few students fell clean off
their benches. Harry would have felt bad for them if they hadn't been able to
so easily find new seats where he himself hadn't.

Harry found himself sitting across from Hermione and Clyde. Hermione had her
nose buried in a book and hadn't noticed a thing (which Harry was glad for, as
he didn't want her pity or for the twins to be lectured). Clyde was just about
to fall asleep in his eggs.

"It's about time you got up," Hermione said, barely glancing up.

"Well, if *someone* had bothered to wake me..." he muttered, then gave
Hermione a smile. "The watch works by the way. Although you might have gone a
bit overboard on the heating charm."

"It's suppose to give you an incentive not to be late."

She didn't look up when she said it, but her wicked smile was a little hard to
miss. Clyde's head finally slipped off his hand and landed in his eggs. They
all had a good laugh at him, and Hermione gave him a strong cup of tea. Then
she got out their schedules (all schedules were the same for first years in
the same house), and gave them an outline of what their week would be like.

The twins quickly got involved, and started telling them about the teachers
and each of their little quirks and who assigned the most homework and who was
the most generous with points and whose detentions were the worst. How much of
their information was reliable, Harry didn't know. While he could easily see
McGonagall handing out the most homework, he couldn't see Snape handing out
the most points (especially when the twins gave each other a rather curious
look when they said it).

Hermione eventually dragged them off to History of Magic, Clyde's face flecked
with eggs. Professor Toure was their teacher, and Harry got the impression she
was a bit of a fanatic. She had a strange philosophy regarding the necessity
of dark wizards and war and violence for the progress of wizarding culture.
Anyone caught criticizing Grindlewald or Morgana got a week sitting in the
corner. Anyone caught criticizing Voldemort got the corner, a week's worth of
detention, and had to write a letter to the man apologizing for whatever they
said (this was probably the most effective deterrent). She seemed to pay extra
close attention to Harry, who made it a point to say nothing through her
entire class lest he let something slip.

"I sort of wish they had kept the previous professor. Professor Toure is
competent and all, but I think it would have been interesting to have been
taught by a ghost!" Hermione said on the way to Charms.

Professor Flitwick taught Charms and had the greatest sense of humor of all
their professors. He regaled the first years by levitating all sorts of things
across the room, sometimes bouncing off people's heads as they went. This was
the first class where wand-work was required, and the first time Harry had the
opportunity to touch his wand since he bought it. Removing it from its case,
he felt an instant surge of power. Clyde, who had been dozing next to him,
started and turned to him as if he'd been poked.

They were asked to levitate a feather as an exercise. Hermione and a
Hufflepuff boy were the only ones to really succeed. Dean Thomas, another
Gryffindor, set his on fire. Clyde split his feather in two (not even
Professor Flitwick could figure out *how*). Harry came close, causing his
feather to skim the top of his desk but never take flight.

Next was Dark Arts and Defense, taught by Professor Quirrel. Everyone who had
been looking forward to it, Harry in particular, was soon disappointed. While
Quirrel seemed to know his material, the man was prone to stopping in the
middle of what he was saying to sigh in the most depressing way. Clyde was
caught sleeping in the middle of an explanation of the difference between
hereditary curses and bloodline curses, and the only thing the other man did
was look at him longingly, sigh, and continue with his lecture.

By the time lunch rolled around, Clyde finally woke up enough to ask what he
had missed. Hermione proceeded to lecture him on the missed material, adding a
great deal more information than was actually talked about, and scaring the
poor boy rigid. She was just getting past the class material and getting into
lecture mode over his irresponsibility when she spotted Draco waiting for her
at the entryway to the Great Hall.

"Oh, I better got talk to him now," she said. "I don't want to have this
conversation right in the middle of potion's class."

"Good luck," said Harry. "Don't let him make you feel bad about ending up in
Gryffindor, either."

She smiled weakly and left.

"Think he'll eat her?" asked Clyde.

Harry shrugged and went to find a seat. This time no one attempted to crowd
him out, although no one spoke to him either. The Weasley twins hadn't arrived
yet, and they both took the moment of peace to eat without fear of poisoning.

"Well, Potter, I'm surprised to see you here. I thought You-Know-Who would
cursed you brain dead. Of course, no one would be able to tell the difference
really."

Harry glanced over his shoulder at Ron Weasley, sneering at him. He took a
long measuring look, found the spiteful boy to not be worth risking house
points over, and turned back to his soup.

"What's the matter, Potter? No witty come back? I guess your brain really did
turn to mush."

Clyde was reaching for his wand, but Harry looked at him and shook his head.

"Don't bother," Harry said. "It's not like his opinion matters."

"What did you say, idiot?" snarled the boy.

"Harry, he's drawn his *wand*."

He didn't even bother turning to the redhead. He didn't even stop eating.
Clyde was looking increasingly frantic. He kept reaching for his wand, but
hesitated when he saw his friend's complete nonchalance. By now, much of
Gryffindor table were turning to watch. Harry took a sip of his pumpkin juice.

"Put your wand away!" came a new voice, hissing angrily. "Do you want to lose
Slytherin points on your very first day?"

"But he-"

"Is obviously above your juvenile behavior," Hermione said imperiously. Harry
looked over his shoulder this time to see Draco holding Ron's wand hand down
and Hermione hovering just behind them, looking furious.

"Who asked you, you filthy- ow!"

"For your sake, you better not finish that sentence," Draco snarled, his hand
now crushing the redhead's wrist. "Now come on. I think you and I should have
a discussion about the difference between Slytherin and Gryffindor conduct.
Because right now, Potter is being more Slytherin than *you*."

At this the youngest Weasley brother turned pink around his freckles.
Reluctantly, he put his wand away and settled for shooting Harry (who had
already turned away) a venomous look.

"We'll settle this later," he said, and stormed off towards his own house'
table. Harry waved goodbye without looking. He could just imagine the redhead
turning purple like his uncle used to. Draco let out an exasperated sigh.

"Are you going to join us?"

"No," said Hermione. "I prefer more *civilized* company. Thank you."

"Suite yourself. After classes?"

"You're welcome to join me in the library."

"I'll see you then."

"Good luck, Draco."

A moment later Hermione settled in beside Harry.

"You handled that really well," she complimented. "I don't think I could have
ignored someone pointing a wand at my back."

"What was he going to do? I doubt he knows many, if any more curses than I do.
And definitely not something that would hurt me. A *Finite Incantatem* later
and I would be fine, he'd have detention at the least and have lost his house
points."

"Bloody hell, Malfoy was right, you *are* more Slytherin than Ron."

Harry frowned darkly at Clyde, but inside he was more than a little
uncomfortable with the comparison. He was Gryffindor. The hat had put him in
Gryffindor. So what if it had suggested Voldemort's house first?

Transfiguration turned out to be as difficult as Harry thought it would be.
While the transfiguration of a desk into a pig was pretty funny, it was
followed by copious amounts of note taking, and then a practice exercise. They
were trying to turn matches into needles. Several matches simply caught fire.
Harry's sprouted a silver leaf. Hermione came closest by making it silvery and
pointy at the end.

Lunch and then Potions with Slytherins immediately afterwards. It was...
interesting. Apparently, the Weasley twins hadn't lied. Snape really did hand
out the most points... to his own house. He kept giving simple questions to
his house and then impossible questions to Gryffindor (although Hermione
managed to get *hers* right) and then railed at their stupidity. Harry wasn't
sure if he was angry with the bias or amused by the ridiculously immature
behavior. At least the man ignored him- much to Ron's disappointment. It
wasn't until class was dismissed for the day that the man finally graced him
with his unpleasant attention.

"Potter, stay behind."

Clyde gave him a sorrowful wave goodbye and Hermione rolled her eyes.

"He's talking to the teacher, not the grim reaper! We'll be in the library,
Harry! Come join us when your done."

He said nothing, his attention on Snape. He hoped the man would reveal some
sort of clue as to why he had been held, but his expression was completely
passive as he looked over his lesson plans. Soon, they were alone, but neither
said anything. When Snape looked him straight at him, Harry avoided his eyes.
Snape smirked.

"I see you're not hopeless, Potter. You're obviously capable of learning from
past experiences. Did my goddaughter inform you I was a legilimens?"

"No. But she said Voldemort was. He did it to me last night, and it felt sort
of like what you did at the Dursley's."

Snape smirked. "Your memory is really rather *remarkable*. I bet you can still
remember their first names as well. What they looked like, the sound of their
voices, their habits, their many and varied abuses. Most children who spend
longer than a week at WYRA can't recall anything more than a few vague
impressions."

"Er...well... I don't either, it's just... you left something of an
impression."

"You flatter me... or you lie horribly. Can you guess which one I'm leaning
more towards?"

"..."

"Now, Potter, I have the authority to send you back to WYRA until your past is
appropriately meaningless. However, since I do not wish to erase the knowledge
you have gained from your summer lessons or upset my goddaughter I am willing
to overlook this little anomaly in exchange for your cooperation... and
honesty."

Emerald eyes flashed, coming dangerously direct with ebony.

"What do you want?"

---
