# The Prince, the Knave, and the Ace of Hearts

Four days passed in a routine that was the same as the first morning
Harry had arrived. He did pretty much everything the younger children
did, except lessons, which he took to studying on his own (he hadn't had
any formal schooling since he was eight, but he'd done a lot of Dudley's
math homework at the Dursley's and knew a fair bit of Geography), and
playtime he usually spent reading "Witches, Wizards, and Whatevers; a
Practical Guide to Modern Culture in Wizarding Britain". Miss Marilyn
had given the book to him so he would stop bugging everyone else with
questions.

The book was pretty vague and its references obscure or inaccurate, but
Harry got a general idea of the Wizarding World. Non-magical people were
called muggles, and since he was born from muggles he was called a
muggleborn. Not exactly common, but not really rare. Wizards and witches
who had wizarding parents were called purebloods. Harry wondered what
they called a magical person born from a muggle and a witch or wizard.
There was no reference for it, so Harry assumed it just didn't occur
very often.

According to his book, even though wizards lived amongst or beside
muggle communities, there wasn't any real interaction. Wizards had their
own government, economy, education, and culture completely separate from
Muggles. As far as the Muggle world knew, there was no such thing as
magic. In fact, it was apparently illegal to do business with or marry a
muggle. It would explain why there weren't any muggle/wizarding
children.

Otherwise, the Wizarding World ran a bit like the muggle world, only
everything seemed to involve magic. They had radios (although not
televisions oddly enough), newspapers (the photographs actually moved!),
and all sorts of magazines (He was curious as to what Potion's Weekly
involved). There were sporting events (Quidditch was apparently the
national sport of choice), a wide selection of hobbies, festivals, and
Halloween and Christmas had their own particular traditions. While none
of them looked familiar, many of them did look like fun. The government
was a cross between a monarchy and a bureaucracy, and a representative
body called the Wizengamot that didn't really seem to have a purpose. He
also couldn't figure out who was the head of the government, and only
knew that it wasn't a king or queen or some other form of royalty. They
referred to this person as You-Know-Who, but since Harry really didn't
know who it was very frustrating.

He was almost to the chapter that went into magical vacation spots when
Saturday arrived. All the boys spent an extra long time grooming
themselves and their younger friends in the bathroom. There were light
hearted bets about who might get picked that day. After a particularly
energetic breakfast, everyone went to lessons, but groups of four or
five would routinely be called out of class. When they returned their
hair was trimmed or curled or modestly styled. Harry got a turn as well,
and in the shower room he was set on a stool. His barber, an elderly man
with neatly trimmed mustache, took one look at his wild mop and declared
it hopeless.

As soon as lunch was through, most of the boys and girls were gathered
up into two lines. About a dozen remained behind, some of them marking
their fellow's departure with a distinct pout, and went on to playtime
and study period. Harry and the children were escorted by two nurses and
two guards to a room that he had never seen before. It was a small room
with plain white walls and wood flooring. The only thing there was a
large cabinet standing directly in the middle of the room. It was carved
of dark wood and had a small brass nob shaped like a lion, and as Harry
moved closer he could make out symbols burned along the outer edges.

Miss Marilyn went to the door. She took a moment to check her pocket
watch, nodded to herself and then tapped the cabinet lightly with her
wand. "Aquo questo portello all'atro lato." The dark symbols turned a
electric purple, flickered into light blue and then faded to dark. When
the symbols had faded completely, the door fell open.

"Bloody hell," Harry muttered, looking through the door to see not a
cupboard, but a the parlor of a large mansion.

"Harold!"

"Sorry, Miss Marilyn."

She let it slide, and moved out of the way so that the children could
file through. As Harry moved through the door he felt the briefest
moment of disorientation, as if he had just stepped off of an elevator.
He quickly moved aside to allow their guardians to step through behind
him, and looked back. They had all apparently stepped through someone's
grandfather clock, and Harry could only shake his head at the concept.
Did the cabinet and the clock connect only to each other or did they
connect to other places? If wizards could do this sort of thing, why had
Snape taken him to WYRA in a car?

Harry lingered close to the adults at first, but the other children
quickly scattered into little clusters of friends to play games or
investigate the room. It was a very lovely room with an air of antiquity
Harry was coming to understand as the norm for the Wizarding world.
There was an enormous white marble fireplace, engraved with dragons, a
phoenix, and other fire related creatures that he couldn't identify.
Elegant furniture that looked more beautiful than comfortable was
scattered about the room, and a long table stood laden with an
assortment of finger food.

"Where are we?" he finally asked, to no one in particular.

"Gnarlsbriar Manor," replied one of the guards offhandedly, watching
closely so that none of his wards broke anything. "Summer estate of the
Brimwoods Family, just south of Edinburough."

Harry glanced up to see a enormous gold and crystal chandelier laden
with plain wax candles. "Are all wizarding homes this nice?"

The older man snorted. "They certainly like to pretend they are. Run
off, Harold. My job isn't answering your nosey questions."

He frowned, but did as he was told. He found himself standing by an open
window, looking out over a verdant Scottish countryside. In the
distance, he could make out the dark shape of horses grazing behind
stone paddocks. Trying to keep his thoughts from speculating on what
strange thing might happen next, he kept his attention on those horses
and their strange reddish hues. The longer he looked at them the
stranger they began to look. Were those wings?

The sound of doors opening and the muffled thump of many footsteps drew
Harry's attention to the other end of the parlor. Approximately twenty
witches and wizards entered the room, all of them in pairs. At first
Harry assumed the pairs were spouses, but there was one pair of only
women and two of only men. As he pondered the peculiar arrangement, the
witches and wizards (for that was the only thing they could possibly be
dressed in their elaborate robes and some even with pointed hats) filed
into the room and without preamble began cornering children. When ever a
child was corner, they'd stop what they were doing to talk to the pair.
Some of the children were better at it than others. The bolder ones
smiled brightly and chatted as if to one of their friends, while others
stammered or looked down shyly or nearly burst into to tears. Harry had
a feeling he was going to fall into the second category, and even though
he was incredibly curious, he turned back towards the window and prayed
no one would approach him.

For a while, it seemed to work. The adults would always pass him by,
occasionally turning curious glances at him, but never stopping. With
this blatant disregard, it wasn't long before Harry began overhearing
conversations he was certain he shouldn't have been privy to. One of the
pairs of males, both young, slender, and dressed in a way that reminded
Harry of accountants and investors, stopped not two feet away from him
and began gossiping between themselves.

"Not much to pick from, is there Robert?" said the darker of the two.

"Josephine did say it was to be expected. It took her two years and
eight parties just to find Carolyn. It's always a gamble when dealing
with Muggle-stock."

*Muggle-stock?* What were these men here for? Children or cattle?

"The little black haired boy might be worth looking into."

"He's a bit of a scaredy-cat."

"He's five. He can be trained."

*Fetch. Speak. Sit. Stay.*

"I wanted a brunette or a blond. If he doesn't look at least a little
like one of us then we'll look like a rather motley family. You remember
Dorsey, right? His wife's has a light complexion just like him, but they
kept adopting red heads. Their family portraits look like they've been
mobbed by freckled woodsprites."

They both laughed loudly to each other, and Harry felt an up-welling of
resentment towards them. Suddenly, both men stopped laughing, and slowly
turned around to look at him. They both seemed startled to see him
there, and even more startled at the malevolent look in his brilliant
green eyes.

"Oh...h-hello," the blond said first, obviously embarrassed. His partner
( Harry *believed* they were in fact one of those 'special couples' his
mother had told him about) looked startled, but recovered quickly and
looked down on him with a certain smugness. It was certainly more
dignified than Dudley's infantile smirk, but no where near as grating as
Snape's had been. Now, Harry may not have known how to be polite and
sociable to adult witches and wizards, but he certainly knew how to be
rude to them. Rude was easy.

"Hallo. Mein Name ist Harry. Ihr seid unheimlich eingebildet,
oberflächlich und aufgeblasen. Ich würde euch nicht einmal eine Katze
adoptieren lassen, geschweige denn einen kleinen Jungen,"(1) he rambled
off. The wizards both looked at him blankly for a moment, then the blond
one hurriedly opened up a pamphlet he was carrying and flipped through
it. At first, Harry though he was looking up what he'd said, but was
proven wrong a moment later when the blond found what it was he was
looking for.

"Ah... Harold James Potter. English born, but raised in Germany.
Returned to England around eight or nine. Oh look there... almost eleven
already. WYRA just picked him up last week. Imagine that? You rarely see
them this old."

"Kein Grund so mich anzugaffen, du Fisch."(2)

"Are you sure the German wizards didn't just throw him back?"

"Robert!"

"He's mocking us, Kyle."

Harry grinned, all teeth.

"Er... yes, well... he *is*a brunette though. And your mother's eyes
were green too."

Both Harry and Robert turned a disbelieving look at the smaller man.

"Don't even suggest it. Does he even speak English? Never mind, of
course he does. It's bad enough dealing with backtalk in one language,
let alone *two*."

"Why not? You can each have your own language of sarcasm," Harry
offered.

"Yes, now see there," Kyle continued. "You'd get the English sarcasm.
You of all people should appreciate that."

Despite himself, the corner of Harry's mouth twitched. He still did not
like them, but they were...a cute couple? The moment Kyle saw the little
slip he broke out into a full out grin.

"Oh and he's cute! He's almost eleven and *still*cute."

Harry blushed, which only seemed to delight Kyle further.

"No," Robert said firmly. "Absolutely not. Aside from being a brunette-
and we can't be certain that bird's nest is his natural color or it just
hasn't been washed properly- he's the opposite of everything we were
looking for to begin with! He's too old, he's disrespectful, doesn't
look a thing like me, and come on... it took *ten* years for his magic
to pop up? He's probably a wink and a whistle from being a squib."

"Hey, I don't go calling you seafood..." Harry objected. "Oh, wait..."

"Squib, *squib*, not a squid. A muggle born from wizarding stock. God,
what do they teach you all day?"

"How to make puppets out of popsicle sticks, but that doesn't matter.
I'll be going away to a *real* wizarding school come September, and that
will be that."

"There! See? He'd be in the house for what? A month? And then he'd be
off to some trade school to making candles from the rest of the year."

"Aww... but Robby-"

"For the last time, no! Now I'm going to go check out that blond kid,
you can join me when your common sense returns." With that, the man
stalked off, leaving Harry alone with Kyle. The man put his hands on his
hips and his expression was such that Harry was suddenly, and painfully
reminded of his mother. He quickly went back to staring out the window.

"I'm sorry, Harold, but he's being quite unreasonable," the wizard said,
ignoring the fact that his young companion was ignoring him.

"He sounded perfectly reasonable to me."

There was a silence, and he wondered if Kyle hadn't taken the hint and
left. But no, the man merely moved closer towards the window to see what
he was looking at. There was a look of surprise on his face, and then
understanding as he looked towards the young man.

"You can see them, can't you?" he said.

"What? The horses? Yeah, my eyes aren't *that* bad."

"Harold, those aren't horses. They're thestrals. Beasts of the
underworld. Only someone who has seen death up close can see them."

"..."

"Harold-"

"Harry. My name is Harry."

"Harry, then. Why are you so against getting adopted?"

"I've been adopted before, thank you very much. I'd rather be on my own
now."

"Ah..." They said nothing for a moment, Harry pondering thestrals and
death and family and how they were all connected in his life. He had
almost forgotten Kyle, when the man put his hand on his shoulder. "If
you should ever change your mind, you can reach either Robert or me
here."

He handed Harry a business card. It read:

ROBERT ALLEN REIGER

ATTORNEY AT LAW

CRIMINAL DEFENSE AND CIVIL SUITES

165 TAPERTY RD, LONDON

"I'm his personal assistant, so if you write there you'll get to me
first."

Harry studied the card and then Kyle, more than a little baffled. "Thank
you, sir, but... why are doing this? I'm a complete stranger and you've
no benefit in befriending me."

"I've got a feeling about you, Harry. I think you're going to make
something out of yourself. I've seen all sorts in my line work, and I
can just tell. You've got character. It glows out through those pretty
eyes of yours. Ten or fifteen years from now Robert is going to be
kicking himself for missing out on the opportunity to adopt you. I'd bet
my wand on it."

Harry blushed, not expecting the compliment and unsure if should believe
the man. He certainly didn't feel special. He felt tired, small, and a
little bit lonely. Kyle gave him an encouraging smile, a pat on the
shoulder, and wandered off to find his husband? boss? Harry gave the
business card a long speculative look and then slipped it into the folds
of his shirt.

For the remaining hour and a half, Harry remained undisturbed by the
other wizarding couples and eventually his gaze returned to the
thestrals. Gradually, the adults left, a few of them taking a child in
hand as they went, but most of the children were left and started to
join him by the windows.

"Hey, Harry," began Norton, tilting his head curiously. "What are you
looking at?"

"Thestrals," Harry said automatically.

"What's a thestral?"

Now Harry wasn't sure what to say. Could he really explain something as
sinister as a horse that only one who has seen death can see them to an
eight-year old? He didn't like the idea that he was ten and could see
them.

"It's a type of bird. Those little brown birds hoping in and out of the
grass."

"Oh...I thought those were just sparrows."

Edgar, the smallest of the boys there, stepped close to Harry looking
off towards the meadows. He looked up to the older boy and gave him a
confused looked, but said nothing.

It was an epiphany for Harry. The realization that death did not care
where and on who it landed, and it did not care who it left behind. It
was a scary, horrible truth. It made Harry feel older and more prepared
for his life to come, and he was glad it had been revealed to him.

​1) Hello. My name is Harry. You are conceited, shallow, and pompous.
You best bet is to adopt a cat, not a little boy.

​2) That's no reason to gape, you codfish.

Author's note: Many of the people who are in this first book of the
series (yes, I intend to have a series with all seven years of Harry's
life at Hogwarts, just like Rowling) will seem superfluous since they
don't contribute to current plot much, but almost all of them with
reappear in later books, including several of the orphans and Kyle and
Robert (who does regret not adopting Harry when he had the chance). Have
a bit of patience.

Also, if Harry seems a little OC, well, he would be given the
circumstance. Rowling's Harry was raised by the Dursley's since he was
one, but my Harry lived with his parents in Germany until he was eight
and then lost them. So I think of him having more self confidence having
grown up with his loving parents, and he understands his circumstances
with the Dursley's was abnormal and not himself. His view of the
wizarding world at the moment is that his life is better than what it
was at the Dursley's, but not as good as the life he had with his
parents, so he might come off as a bit cynical at times and then
completed enchanted at others.

Please review, I will reply if you have questions (that don't reveal
plot twists or future events in the story). Sorry, though, I don't take
request in plot. I have a definite picture of how this story will flow
and the events that transpire are all related so they cannot be altered.

P.S. For those people whom it bothers, yes there will be some yaoi
couples like Kyle and Robert occasionally (and some lesbians every so
often as well), but nothing explicit and most of the characters in my
story, including Harry, are straight. There's no male pregnancy anywhere
in the series. And in case you're worried, Voldemort is still his
delightfully evil (albeit mellower and much less deranged) self, without
resorting to pedofilia.