# Crowning of the Prince

Harry couldn't help but wonder if the Weasley twins hadn't *known* he
was going to be drafted as their new Seeker. He had returned to
Gryffindor tower (feather free no less)and found the twins still there,
looking rather smugly between themselves. Clyde and Hermione made a show
of doing their homework- or at least Hermione did- but were by his side
the moment he'd entered the door.

"You haven't been suspended, have you?" she asked immediately.

He just barely managed a reassuring smile for her. He felt strangely
disoriented and wondered if he'd actually taken a hit to the head during
McGonagall's 'test'.

"I'm fine... I guess."

"Was it really awful, Harry?" asked Clyde, who looked him over
critically for signs of injury. "What did they do to you?"

"*Do* to me? They didn't beat me with a cane if that's what you're
wondering. I just... got scolded a bit. And detention... *lots* of
detention. I'm basically the Quidditch team's towel boy for the season.
I've got to attend all their practices and clean up after them and
assist Wood in drills."

Now this statement was not entirely true and not entirely false.
McGonagall had given him a choice. He could either spend Quidditch
practice actually practicing with the team or he could spend it in
*real* detention. The Weasley twin's talk of possibly angering Voldemort
by actually winning (and if he was going to play he would never
intentionally lose), made the second option tempting. The fact that
Wood, McGonagall, and Grimms said he would be their secret weapon in the
upcoming match (Youngest Seeker in a century! Wood had said
ecstatically) made him that much more nervous.

But he couldn't backout. Not *really*.

McGonagall, in addition to threatening to put a dent in his free time
for several months with detention, had also deducted fifty points from
Gryffindor for his behavior. They both knew he'd feel obligated to earn
them back, and the only way to do that was win at least one Quidditch
match. He wondered if the sorting hat hadn't suggested Slytherin to his
Head of House when she first came to Hogwarts as well.

Until his first match, however, everyone except his teammates, Head of
House, and Professor Gimms would believe he was being punished in the
more *traditional* manner.

Hermione naturally cringed when he told her of the loss of points. Clyde
wasn't much better. He actually looked pale.

"Well, you're going to be *real* popular now, Harry," he snipped. Harry
could only stare as the other boy stalked out of the common room.

"What'd I do?"

"That's rhetorical, I hope," she said, raising an eyebrow. "I could make
quite a list."

"It's not my fault Ron is a thieving prat!" he defended, then quickly
turned to the Weasley twins. "Nothing personal."

They both shrugged.

"But you certainly didn't have to rise to the bait!"

"What was I suppose to do? He stole out of my bag, insulted me, insulted
*you* and Natalie, and then tried to destroy my property-."

"I thought you said it wasn't your diary?"

"That makes it *so* much better! Was I suppose to let him get away with
all of that?"

"You could have told a teacher! Now instead of just him being punished,
you and the rest of us is going to have to pay for it as well."

"I won't be bullied by that stupid bigot," Harry growled, stalking
towards his dorm room.

"No matter who else has to pay the price for your pride?!" she snapped
back, just as angrily.

"*I* will take responsibility for myself, pride and all. Don't worry,
I'll earn back your precious *points*!"

She called after him as he rushed up the stairs, but he ignored her. He
half expected her to run up after him and apologize, but she didn't. Now
he was stuck in his dorm when he should have been at dinner, too
prideful to sulk down to the Great Hall and endure not only Gryffindor's
scorn but his supposed friends as well.

"You *are* going to be popular after all this, aren't you," said Fred,
popping down beside him on his bed. George sat across from them on
Clyde's bed. "You being such a charmer and all."

"Shut up," Harry snapped, frustrated with the entire day and everyone it
involved. Double Potions with Slytherin was tomorrow as well, making
everything seem that much more wretched. "I'm not in the mood to amuse
you."

"Jeepers, he's swell, don't you think Fred?"

"So fun and cuddly. I wish we could keep him."

Harry turned away from them, his 'go away' muffled by his pillow.

"If it's any consolation, Ronnykins got off a lot worse than you did. He
has to clean the dungeons every Friday and Saturday evening for a month.
No magic. The mildew has been building up for *years*."

He couldn't help but smile at the mental image of Moaning Myrtle
screeching at Ron Weasley while he scrubbed out toilets. With that
thought, perhaps he *had* gotten off light. It wasn't like he didn't
love flying, and Quidditch seemed like a lot of fun. If somehow he
*did*manage to win more than one game then he would more than make up
for the points lost. Ron would be livid with jealousy. Draco wouldn't be
able to question his worthiness of Hermione's friendship. His fellow
Gryffindors might actually forget about his earlier mistakes. McGonagall
would be proud to have him in her House.

*Youngest Seeker in a century*, echoed in his head, finally sinking in.

Yes, he *could* do it. He *would* do it. Sitting up, he looked to both
the twins, his green eyes shining brilliantly with determination.

"Tell me about Quidditch."

---

Predictably, the other Gryffindors were *not* happy about the loss of
points. It was so early in the year they hadn't had a lot to begin with,
and Harry's misadventure set them back to almost zero. Their irritation
with the first year was made painfully clear everyday and with every
opportunity.

Things that Harry left out unattended had a tendency to disappear. He
had to constantly watch out for feet or objects suddenly appearing to
trip him up. McGonagall had taken to informing Harry when the password
to the common room changed since the prefects neglected to mention it to
him. Unflattering nicknames like 'the Black Cat of Gryffindor' and
'Little Miserable' started finding their way into meal-time
conversations and hallway gossip.

There were even rumors going around that his 'Slytherin friends' were
somehow paying him to sabotage Gryffindor's chances at the House Cup.
Which was a bit conceited, Harry thought, since Gryffindor hadn't won
the House Cup in over a decade.

If it weren't for the Weasley twins, who were both well liked and very
feared (they were equal opportunity pranksters, but woe to those who
earned their vexation), and their obvious fondness towards him, Harry
suspected it would have been much worse. At least he received some
reprieve with the other Gryffindor quidditch players who seemed to agree
with Wood that he had the skills to win their next match and were
willing to set aside their misgivings. At least on the field anyway.

Hermione was more stressed than ever about her academics, now frantic to
return Gryffindor to the lead. She never directly blamed Harry for the
loss of points again, but he couldn't help but feel a flush of guilt any
time he missed a single opportunity to regain house points while she
worked herself to exhaustion. This was made especially difficult since
now McGonagall was strangely frugal with points, Snape was forever a
point miser to Gryffindor, Quirrel hadn't bothered with points for over
two weeks, and he wasn't particularly strong in any of his other
subjects.

Clyde hadn't continued his snappish attitude either, but he was spending
more time with his other friends now than with Hermione and him. Harry
didn't blame him. Who would give up all their Gryffindor friends- and
Clyde had several now that he had apparently given up on 'the Black
Cat'- just for one particularly difficult one?

Harry dealt with it all as stoically as he could. He kept to himself
during classes and meals, studied as much as he could tolerate in his
free time with Hermione, and pretended Ronald Weasley didn't exist even
when they were sat next to each other in Potions.

Quidditch season couldn't have come soon enough. The weather turned cool
and frosty as autumn set in, and morning practice were done in robes
charmed against the nipping cold. Harry took to coming to the field
early, just so he could be alone, hovering high over the pitch and
looking out over the fiery colored forest and golden fields of the
Scottish countryside.

The first Saturday of November was just as chilly and beautiful, but
Harry did not go out to admire the view. Today was the first match of
the season. Gryffindor versus Slytherin. He was up just before dawn to
grab some breakfast and then went straight to the Quidditch pitch. The
rest of the team arrived soon after.

"Alright gentlemen-" Wood began, as they all gathered around him.

A polite cough.

"And ladies," he correct himself, "This is it. First game of the season.
I know we haven't had much luck over the years-"

A not so polite snort.

"-but we've got the advantage now. The Slytherins are going to come in
cocky and sure, ready to take on Angelina, whose abilities they're
already familiar with. They're going to get the shock of their life when
they spot Potter instead, and you can bet they're going to under
estimate him. Our best chance is to keep them distracted and disoriented
until Harry catches the Snitch."

Wood turned to Harry.

"You just concentrate on catching the Snitch, got it Potter? Your only
concern is that."

"And not getting knocked off your broom," said one of the Chasers.

"*Just* the snitch."

"Or smashed into a wall. Those Slytherins are a nasty lot," Angelina
pointed out.

"*SNITCH ONLY!*"

Harry swallowed thickly and nodded.

---

Harry and the other Gryffindors kept their hoods up as they entered the
field. Wood was bound and determined to keep their surprise until the
last possible moment. Judging by the confused whispering as they marched
out, it certainly seemed to be working on the crowd. Everyone had
assumed Angelina was going to be Seeker, but even with the hoods up it
was apparent that the current Seeker was a little too short.

It wasn't until they were lined up face to face with the Slytherin team
that they all finally drew back their hoods. A stunned gasp and intense
discussion swept through the crowd. The Slytherins up in the stands were
hissing out 'foul' before the game even started. The Gryffindors didn't
look much happier, and most seemed convinced the game was already lost.
Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw looked more intrigued than anything and were
eagerly calling for the match to start.

Looking directly at the Slytherin Seeker- a fifth year boy who looked
better built to be a Beater than a Seeker- Harry couldn't help but
notice he didn't look as surprised as Wood had suggested. In fact, the
boy was looking down right smug.

It seemed a bad premonition for the match to come.

"Players!" called Professor Gimms, dressed in his referee robes. "Mount
your brooms!"

The crowd hushed, understanding that the game was about to start and
they could only sit back and watch it unfold. Harry had to consciously
force himself not to shoot up the moment his feel began to hover above
the ground. He rose slowly and gradually with the other players until
they were even with the stands. From here he could look directly into
the 'Emperor's box', and see a gathering of some of his least favorite
people. Voldemort sat in what could only described as a thrown, flanked
on either side by teachers and his personal guest in less obsequious
chairs. The Dark Lord looked curious, but not surprised, and perhaps a
touched amused. To his right sat Headmistress Lestrange, looking
extremely unhappy, and to his left was Professor Snape who looked as
smug as his House's Seeker. A bit behind them was McGonagall. She looked
worried.

Harry did his damnedest to feel nothing but the unbridled thrill of
flying. Somewhere in the crowd were his friends, but he had no time to
look for them.

The Snitch had been released, and instead of immediately searching for
it, Harry was forced shoot upwards to avoid the Slytherin Seeker as he
made a rush for him. Once the boy had passed, he made for the direction
he had seen the Snitch go, but again had to drop suddenly and then turn
right sharply as two other Slytherin players came at him.

"Foul! Three fouls!" shouted Gimms, "Three penalty shots to Gryffindor!"

"Not half a minutes into the game and three fouls already!" came the
voice of the student announcer. "That has to be a record! It looks like
it's going to be one intense match today! Captain Oliver Wood has
unleashed a secret weapon, a new Seeker who looks to be holding his own.
Will the 'Black Cat of Gryffindor' pull through or will bad luck follow
him to his team's defeat?"

Ferguson, the most experienced of Gryffindor's Chasers, took all three
penalty shots with ease but didn't look at all pleased. It was apparent
to him and everyone else on the team that their surprise was anything
but, and Slytherin had just adopted the strategy they had hoped to use.

Harry didn't linger on the unfairness of it, but took the time to assess
everyone's positions and locate the Snitch. The Slytherin team had him
surrounded, but hadn't taken into account above or below him which he
thought careless of them. Additionally, their Seeker seemed more intent
on watching Harry get pummeled by his teammates than actually looking
for the Snitch. The Weasley twins seemed to have sorted out a strategy
of their own and nodded to Harry when he briefly caught their eye.

The moment all three penalty shots were taken, Gimms blew the whistle to
resume the match. The Slytherins descended on Harry like a pack of
wolves. But Harry was no deer and he was no boar. His world did not
exist on a single plain or on base thought. He dropped quickly, using
his descent to quickly gain speed as he passed under a Beater. The
opposing players made to chase him, but they were heavier and slower and
the Seeker suddenly didn't look so smug.

"And Potter's avoided the Slytherin's tackle- ouch! And Slytherin Chaser
Morgenson takes a hit with a Bludger! Stay alert there boys! Potter
seems to have spotted the Snitch! Slytherin Seeker Andrew Whitehall is
too far behind to catch up! Is this match already coming to an end?!"

The Snitch shot down and for the stands, and Harry pursued heedless of
the danger. The golden ball sudden leapt away from the wall, angling off
and downwards. Coming in too fast to avoid collision with the wall, he
turned his broom sharply and turned his body on his side so that he hit
the wooden platform with his feet and kicked off back into the field. A
Slytherin smashed into the arena wall where Harry had just been and fell
off her broom. Stunned, Harry watched as the girl fell to the ground
below her.

So that's what those sand pits were for.

"And Casteel is down! But she's climbing to her feet! What an athlete!
And the new Gryffindor Seeker is proving to be harder to pin down than
anyone had thought! What a match!"

Seeing she wasn't hurt too grievously, he turned his attention back to
finding the Snitch, but in his momentary distraction it had disappeared
from his sight. But he was given no reprieve to look for it. He barely
managed to avoid a Bludger an opposing Beater hit his way, and was side
swiped a moment later by said Beater. The Weasley twins were rallying
though and between the two of them, they managed to hit a Slytherin with
both Bludgers at once.

"And Westbanks is hit with a double whammy! He's managed to stay on his
broom but you can tell the breath's been knocked out of him!"

The Quidditch field was quickly descending into a battle field, and so
many fouls and penalties were being called that the players were soon
starting to ignore the referee altogether. Angelina was intentionally
run into a goal post and had to be replaced by a very reluctant spare.
One of the twins was bleeding from the head, but showed no signs of
slowing, although he seemed a bit confused and hit a Quaffle at the
Slytherin captain. The crowd was on the edge of their seats, gasping and
cheering and booing in a cacophony of noise. Harry tried to keep out of
the madness as much as possible and search for the Snitch, but the
Slytherins were making it difficult. He was forced to keep moving,
faster than the other players and in erratic patterns, and the few times
he spotted the Snitch he had to look away to avoid an oncoming Bludger
or Slytherin or goal post or wall.

Westbanks, the Slytherin Seeker, had given up on watching Harry and was
actually trying to find the Snitch as well. Harry had managed to
distract him twice by pretending to see the Snitch, but the boy had soon
caught on.

The match quickly began to tire Harry, and his bruised arm was starting
to ache terrible. If he didn't find and catch the Snitch soon, then
someone was probably going to get seriously hurt. That someone was most
likely him.

He ducked under Wood while trying to throw off one of his pursuers and
as he glanced up to make sure the two didn't collide, he saw something
shiny *above* the other players. Unwilling to lose sight of it yet
again, he shot upwards, nearly knocking his captain off his broom. The
Slytherin Seeker followed, but it was clearly too late for him.

His broom angled straight up, he reached out with his hand to wrap his
hand around the tiny metal ball. It shone like a second sun, blinding in
its brilliance, and everything slowed into a singularly perfect moment.
He could see and feel it in his hands, felt a joyous triumph as the
delicate wings stilled, and the golden ball rested serenely in his
grasp.

And then the world shatter.

Something fast and hard smashed into his back, between his shoulder
blades. Broom and rider were torn apart. For a moment, both seemed to
hover as if suspended. And then Harry began to fall.

He was too stunned to panic, and that was ironically what saved him. His
thoughts were simple, ordered, and to the point.

*I'm falling,* was his first thought. *I'm falling*without my broom.*I
need my broom.*

And very calmly, he called upon that instinct that had been present that
fateful Thursday last September. It was the very same instinct that
compelled his broom to leap into his hand with a simple *'UP!'*. He
reached out his hand, the one not clutching to the Snitch, to his
hovering broom and released a command.

"*Come!"*

And it obeyed. In a flash the broom flew the fifty feet that had
separated them to smack painfully into his hand. He gripping it as
tightly as he could and felt his descent begin to slow. Too weak to
climb back onto his broom and still too stunned to consider
relinquishing the snitch, Harry hung helplessly by one hand as he made
his gradual descent.

The entire arena was deathly still. Harry continued to float down, past
the other players who all stared stunned as he went passed. Still a bit
dazed, he looked one Slytherin in the eye as he passed and said simply:

"Bludger."

The boy blinked. "What?"

A malevolent black ball smashed into his side a moment later and
unseated him. The broken tableau seemed to bring everyone back to their
senses.

"Harry Potter's caught the Snitch! Gryffindor WINS!"

A deafening cheer rose up all around. Harry's feet had barely touched
the ground, legs unable to support him, and Weasley's arms were suddenly
around him. They were soon followed by the rest of the Gryffindor team
who surrounded and praised and shook and thumped his bruised back.

"You did it, Harry! You did it! You did it!"

And Harry nodded and grinned and ignored the painful throb of his body.
Beyond the circle of Gryffindors, the Slytherins were only now
descending. Though he was no stranger to hatred, he couldn't help but be
a bit shocked at the sheer malevolence they exuded in his direction. If
he weren't surrounded by his own teammates he had no doubt he would not
have left the pitch on his feet.

Suddenly, his teammates fell silent and pulled away from him in order to
watch the Dark Lord stride towards them. His expression was completely
neutral, as was Snape's, but Lestrange looked positively livid. Again,
he felt as if his legs were going to give out underneath him.

It wasn't until Voldemort stood directly in front of him that Harry
realized the other players had all fallen behind him to form perfect
triangle, and bowed down on one knee in reverence. Harry was about to
follow their example, but an outraged cry made him hesitate.

"He cheated!"

Everyone turned their attention to Morgenson, who stood next to a very
red faced Whitehall. Snape lifted a brow.

"Care to expand on that?"

"He obviously has extra spells on his broom!" the dark boy groused,
"There's no other way he could have summoned his broom like that without
additional charms. He's a cheater."

With that, the boy pointed his broom at him like a giant accusing
finger.

"It *is* rather suspicious," the Headmistress said offhandedly.

Harry felt himself flush at the accusation, glaring at the other boy.

"Do you have anything to say in your defense, Mr. Potter?"Voldemort
asked, his tone more curious than accusatory. His indifference eased
much of Harry's anxiety for what he was about to do.

"Yes. *Up*!"

Morgenson's broom leapt clean out of his hands and right into Harry's.
The boy was jerked forward by the move, lost his balance, and fell flat
on his face.

"MR. POTTER!" Lestrange snapped in outrage, snapping out her wand. Harry
stepped back, but before she utter the curse on the tip of her tongue,
Voldemort placed his hand on her wand and lowered it.

"I believe Mr. Potter has vindicated himself of wrong doing. I will not
have him punished for an exceptional display of wandless magic or flying
skill," Voldemort said pleasantly, although his eyes glinted harshly as
he spoke to her. They softened, or at least lost their crimson glow,
when he turned back to Harry. "In fact, it is deserving of recognition.
Kneel down, Mr. Potter."

Cautiously, he did as he was told, bowing as the others did on one knee
but never taking his eyes off the man. With twirl of his wand and a
wordless incantation, a crown of golden laurels appeared in mid-air, and
hovered there until Voldemort took it in both hands.

"To the victor," Voldemort said, and his voice echoed through the entire
arena, "Glory and Honor everlasting."

And silence that enveloped the arena shattered into another riot of
noise and jubilee. When the man spoke again, it was no longer amplified.

"You may rise." And Harry did, looking at the man questioningly.
Voldemort merely smiled, a strange secret smile and leaned close to
whisper in his ear. "It suits you."

And with that the Dark Lord strode away, leaving Harry terrible confused
and blushing horribly. Bellatrix remained where her master had left her,
her wand pointed towards the ground and looking as if she had somehow
been betrayed. A twitch started under her eye, and she abruptly turned
and stormed off the field, snapping something at the cluster of sulking
Slytherins. Snape favored him an amused look.

"As interesting as today's match was," the dark man began, "Mr. Potter,
I do hope you'll be exercising a bit more caution in the following
matches. I rather don't fancy the other players attempting to mimic you.
I'm in charge of stocking the infirmary after all."

Harry for the life of him couldn't tell if he was joking with him,
complimenting him, insulting him, or just making a suggestion. So he
just sniffed at him. Once the Slytherins had all left the field, he was
embraced by his teammates once again who still couldn't seem to believe
that they had not only won, but survived to celebrate it.

"Oh wait until tonight, Harry!" one of the twins said.

"There's going to be such a party!" said the other.

"AND YOU'RE THE GUEST OF HONOR!" they shouted together.

All Harry could do was grin and let them all carry him to the showers.

---

It wasn't until much later that Harry actually got the opportunity to
shower. No sooner than he reached the locker room, than it seemed that
every Gryffindor in school, and not a few Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs as
well, was dropping by to congratulate him. Classmates who had ignored or
even down right antagonized him were suddenly shaking his hand and
saying things like 'I knew you were something special' and 'Can I have
your autograph?'. It was all very baffling to him.

Even more baffling was that Hermione didn't seem at all pleased.

"You could have died!" she shouted at him, shoving aside several of his
admirers in order to speak to him.

"It's only a game," Harry shouted back in order to be heard. "I did it
to regain those points I lost. It was McGonagall's idea! Aren't you
happy? If I win the next match, Gryffindor will be in the lead!"

A triumphant cheer rose from the crowded locker room at the mention of a
another victory to come. Hermione attempted to shout something in
response but her voice was lost amongst everyone else's. Eventually, she
gave up and stocked off. He tried to follow after her, but was
distracted when Clyde was suddenly in front of him.

"You did it mate! You actually did it. I can't believe I ever doubted
you!"

*But you did*. The bitter thought rose up, seemingly out of no where,
and Harry forced it away. Clyde might have been upset lately, but he
hadn't stopped being his friend. If it just so happened that it was
easier now to be *more* of friend, well then... he'd remember it in the
future.

Finally, the rest of his team locked everyone out of the locker room so
that they could all clean up and get ready. Still a bit shy about
showers, he let the other boys go first as he checked and put away
equipment. When everyone else had left, he took an extra long, hot
shower. The hot water soothed his bruised and aching body, until he felt
loose and relaxed. He switched into a clean, comfortable set of clothes
and headed towards the castle to join in the revelry.

He never made it.

---

A bit of danger in the next chapter and a familiar face makes an
appearance.