# The Prince's Lady

Once inside the school tent, Harry was once again introduced to the same
wizarding trick that had been done on the Sleuw's cottage. Although the
tent's yellow cloth walls remained, they were lined with a series of
shuttered windows that remained open to allow in light and fresh air.
The floor was not grass or dirt, but wood and tables were arranged three
by five with a mobile chalk board and a teacher's desk stationed at the
front. At the very back of the class were three large book shelves
packed with books.

Most importantly, the room was filled with students. Like him, they all
wore their black student robes, but that was where the similarities
ended. Where Harry was little more than an orphan, these children were
obviously from good families. They all had an air of health and
confidence about them, and mingled with each other in a sort of
familiarity Harry envied. It seemed impossible to him that they could be
muggleborns, ever questioned the strange nature of their world, or
walked the halls of WYRA headquarters. They huddled about in small
groups, playing games with small magical objects or showing off some
magical nic-nac they had gotten for their birthday or with their
allowance money. It seemed so unfair that they should have gotten such a
large head start on him. Bloody hell, why couldn't he have cursed Dudley
when he was eight?

Realizing he was just standing at the door stupidly, and people were
beginning to notice, he searched the room for a place to sit. He spotted
a single empty seat at the front left corner nearest the board, right
next to girl absorbed in an impressive looking tome.

"Is this seat taken?"

The girl, rather pretty with wavy auburn hair held back with a french
braid, looked up at him as if startled. She looked around the room, and
seeing it quite full, she turned back to him.

"Help yourself," she said dismissively. He took the empty seat, setting
his notebook and pencil down. He caught her looking curiously at his
supplies, and felt embarrassed when he noticed her much nicer leather
bound notebook and calligraphy pen. "I haven't seen a notebook like that
since I left WYRA," she said, regarding him with a bit more interest and
then introduced herself. "I am Hermione Granger of the Malfoy family, by
the way."

"Harry Potter. Nice to meet you," he said, shaking her hand. Again she
looked at him curiously, and then much to his despair she closed her
book in favor of studying him.

"Have you gotten your wand yet, Potter?" she asked.

"Hm? No, not yet. I don't turn eleven until August 1st. Have you?"

"No. I turned eleven last April but my foster father won't let be get
one until just before term starts. I wouldn't be allowed to use it yet
anyway, of course, but I can't wait. I've been reading up on so many
spells, and it's so hard not to be able to try them out. I've got an
entire notebook just filled with spells I'm going to try once term
starts. What about you? Do you have any spells you'd like to try?"

Harry shifted uncomfortably under her intense scrutiny. Now here was a
witch who knew what she was doing. She already had lists of spells at
her disposal. How could he even begin to think he was ready for this?

"Er... I dunno... I haven't exactly seen a lot of magics really. I'd
like to learn that trick where can get from one place to another just by
passing through a door or a clock or tunnel or something."

For a moment, he thought she was going to start asking him more
questions about himself, but then her expression became vaguely dreamy.

"I believe that's called 'warping', and I don't think they teach that
until seventh year... although you could look it up on your own, you
know? Hogwarts has one of the finest libraries in Britain. They've got
books up there that date back to the Founders. I heard there are even
plans to add an extra wing for the extremely rare books and then another
wing for experimental spells. Can you imagine-"

Her little lecture was interrupted by the loud, mocking snores of a
black-haired boy sitting next to them. The others sitting around him
broke up into laughter, and the 'sleeping' boy opened a greenish-blue
eye and grinned over at them.

"Bloody hell, Granger, can you talk about anything other than books?"

"I don't know, Houghton. Can you say anything and not have people laugh
at you?"

Everyone chuckled and 'ooohhhed' at that, except for Harry who just
wasn't sure enough of himself to join them. He was spared having to
respond by the teacher walking through the door. He was a middle-aged
man with barely any hair and coke-bottle glasses. He wore a magenta
colored robe over his beige slacks and plaid sweater vest, and despite
looking utterly ridiculous he held a dark scowl that rivaled Snape's.
The only difference was this man didn't have a sense of humor, not even
a sarcastic one.

"My name is Professor Timbal," he began without preamble, flicking his
wand so that the chalk began writing his name. "I will be your professor
until the start of term- September first. I will be preparing you for
Entry Level Fundamentals or E.L.F. tests."

The board wrote the short hand of everything the professor said, and
feeling nervous, Harry started writing it all down. It couldn't possibly
hurt to remember the teacher's name or look up something later. He was
vaguely surprised to see Hermione was taking notes as well.

"Should you fail your E.L.F. you will not be permitted to enter
Hogwarts, and shall be held back a year or until you are capable of
passing it, at which point you will assigned to a trade school of my
choosing. So if you don't want to spend the rest of your life making
candles and polishing broomsticks I recommend you pay attention."

*Yes,* Harry thought, *that was definitely a good motivation to pay
attention.* Inside, Harry despaired his future. How could he possible
keep up with the others in this class, when they all had at *least*
three years more experience with the wizarding world than him?

"While some of you may think yourself already prepared for these tests,
think again. As you are *spontaneous* wizards, you are held under a
stigma of ignorance that must be dispelled before you ever enter the
most prestigious academy of wizardry in Great Britain. Much of what you
learn here is not even common knowledge for your pureblooded siblings or
commonwealth adopted parents. If you wish not to make fools of yourself,
and more importantly of your country, then I expect you to *study*.
Alone, in groups, with your parents, tutors, and yes, even with me."

Well... perhaps he was on more even ground than he thought? Glancing to
his right he could see Thomas and his friends looking green. Glancing to
his left he saw Hermione leaning forward in her chair, eagerly awaiting
the man's every word. He wasn't sure whose reaction worried him more,
but it all had him feeling vaguely ill.

"Now, for formality's sake, we will begin by introducing ourselves in
the *proper* wizarding fashion. Who here can tell me the proper way to
introduce yourself in a formal gathering?"

Hermione's hand shot up so fast, Harry flinched away on instinct to
dodge it. Professor Timbal pointed at her and she stood.

"First one gives their birth name, followed by their family association,
and then any formal positions starting from active government positions
and leading down to honorary titles."

"Correct. Now please introduce yourself to the class in the proper
manner."

Hermione turned sharply to face them all, her head held high and eyes
defiant.

"Hermione Louise Granger of the Malfoy family."

"Very good, now you young man," the professor said, pointing to Harry.
Harry blanched. What was he suppose to say? He knew his own name, but he
didn't think he had a family association. What the hell *was* a family
association? Reluctantly, he stood anyway and faced the class.

"Harold James Potter," he said evenly, and then sat down quickly.

"Hey, he didn't finish it!" protested a girl in the back.

"If Mr. Potter was somehow lacking in his answer, I assure you I would
be the first to point it out!" Mr. Timbal snapped, and the chalk on the
board flew across the board, creating an ear-splitting screech. The
entire class cringed and fell into dead silence, and Harry thanked god
that it was not *his* error that had brought it on. "Now, shall we
continue. You, sir."

The black haired boy stood up, looking almost as timid as Harry felt.
"Clyde Houghton of the Stone family." The next fifteen minutes went on
similarly, until everyone had named themselves. Harry doodled a little
diagram of their names, family associations, and basic description
determined to memorize it later, perhaps even makes some sketches so he
would remember them better. After that was through, Timbal handed out
their work books. They were heavy, bound in brown leather with the title
'The Ways of Wizards; Practical Exercises for Young Wizards' by Antonia
Majora' printed in gold letters. This was followed by a syllabus and
lecture on the general structure of the class.

Every morning would start out with a quiz of what was learned the day
before, this would be followed by lecture, and practical demonstrations
if necessary. They would break for lunch, and then return in groups of
threes, fours, or fives to research the topic of the day and write a
brief summary of their findings. The last part of the day would be
dedicated to group discussion and off-topic questions. Fridays were for
tests and reviews and Saturdays were for field trips- of which there
would apparently be many.

Through it all Harry felt a mixture of trepidation and elation. He was
becoming a wizard, a *wizard* for love of king and country! If only he
had any idea what that meant!

Their first topic of study was wizarding government, which was of
personal interest to Harry since he wanted to know more about WYRA and
who exactly ran wizarding Britain. Unfortunately, Professor Timbal had
only just begun on the history of the Wizengamot when it was time to
break for lunch. The Professor instructed everyone to push their chairs
together to form a single long table. Harry and the rest had no sooner
tucked in their chairs when their giant table was suddenly laden with
food that appeared out of thin ear.

"Why can't they warn us before they do this sort of thing?" Harry
lamented quietly to himself. Lunch with his class was similar and yet
different than that at WYRA. Everyone was certainly lively and chatty as
they filled their plates, but their topics of discussions were more
real. The jokes were dirtier or more clever, the emotions varied between
ecstatic and deeply depressed, and they spoke of their past, their
families, and their future plans in ways the WYRA children had been
unable to.

"I know most of the people here," began Clyde who had sat across from
him, loading up his plate with more sweets than nourishment. "Or at
least recognize their family associations. But I don't recognize you...
and you didn't have a family association, which is a bit odd, eh? So
what's your story?"

At this several of the other kids, including Hermione who pretended
(rather badly) not to care, leaned closer for his answer. Harry
shrugged, and tried to ignore them.

"I was never adopted. I don't have a family association... That's the
family that adopts you right?"

"What do you mean you weren't adopted? Everyone gets adopted
eventually," Clyde protested. "Did you get sick or something?"

"Clyde Houghton, really!" Hermione objected. "Could you be anymore
rude?"

"Oh, like Ms. Know-it-all isn't dying to *know it all* too!" remarked a
blonde girl, smirking. Harry hoped they would start a fight and he would
be forgotten, but he had no such luck. "So what's the deal? Sickness,
runaway, reject? Come on, we'll find out sooner or later."

Harry threw her a dark scowl. "Weißt du was, du Wichtigtuer. Ob ich
adoptiert bin oder nicht, geht dich einen Sheißdreck an."[^7-1]

The blond looked at him with some alarm. "Did you just put a curse on
me?"

Hermione broke out into a laugh, covering her mouth with her napkin as
if it could possibly hide her amusement. "It's German, Natalie. I
thought he had a little bit of an accent when he introduced himself."

"Oh, wow! A German wizard! How on earth did you get here?" asked Clyde.

"How can he be German with a name like Harry Potter? It's obviously an
English name," griped Natalie.

"I'm an English citizen, but I was raised in Germany until I was eight,"
Harry said finally, realizing things could get out of hand if he didn't
offer some answers. "I was only picked up by WYRA about a month ago."

"You're kidding? Your *that* green and they still had you sent to
Hogwarts? How did you pull that off?"

Harry shrugged and tried to focus on his sandwich.

"Aw come on, fess up Potter. Inquiring minds want to know!"

"Will you all just leave him alone?" snapped Hermione. "Isn't it obvious
he doesn't want to talk about it?" Reluctantly, the rest of class backed
off and went to talking other things, all though they glanced at him
often. Harry gave her a thankful smile.

"You know, I think sitting next to you was a stroke of good luck on my
part?" he said. The smile Hermione gave him was bright and beautiful,
and so much different from the cool curve of lips she had been wearing
before. It was gone a moment later, replaced by a neutral expression and
she nodded to him in acknowledgment and returned to her own meal.

Harry finished before the others and left the tent to get some fresh
air, taking his new school books with him. He found a quiet spot beside
the lake, only a short ways from the classroom. He spent the lunch hour
skimming his books for answers to his thousand and one questions. Though
the new books were much more detailed and informative than his first
one, Harry still felt like he was missing a large piece of common
knowledge that prevented him from truly understanding what the wizarding
world was like. Frustrated, Harry returned to the class without any
definitive answers.

The tables had all been moved back into place and people were already
starting to form into clusters for their group assignment. Harry
automatically went to stand by Hermione who once again had her nose
buried in her book. Natalie, who had been at the far end of the class to
begin with, moved all the way to the front to join them. The same sly
smile was still on her face, and Harry couldn't help but suspect she was
up to no good.

"Mind if I join you?" she asked. Hermione stiffened beside him, but did
not look up from her book. Harry, having no real reason to object,
merely shrugged.

"Get into six groups of four and two groups of three!" Professor Timbal
ordered. It took less than a minute as most groups were already formed,
and Harry, Hermione, and Natalie remained where they were. "Most of you
come from families with members in the Wizengamot. I want you all to
look up one person of your family in the Wizengamot, find their term of
office, any laws or bills they proposed, and cite the source of your
information. If you or one of your group members doesn't have an
associated family member in the Wizengamot, you will look up a law that
was passed by the Wizengamot but overturned by You-Know-Who. You have an
hour and a half. Begin."

"I'll get the books," Hermione said, jumping to her feet and heading for
the book case.

"I'll help." Harry got up to follow, but was stopped when Natalie took
his elbow.

"Why don't you let her be? Let her be alone with her books. That's all
she cares about anyway."

Harry removed her hand from his arm and frowned at her. "Don't be
spiteful."

Natalie's eyes grew wide, and Harry stalked away from her to help
Hermione who already struggling with two large tomes. He took the books
from her so she could continue her search.

"I'm surprised you didn't stay to talk with Natalie," Hermione remarked.
"She's the prettiest girl in class, you know." Harry shrugged.

"Her personality is kind of ugly though," he said, recalling her callous
disregard for other's feelings, his and Hermione's both. Hermione smiled
a bit at him.

"And I'm so much better?"

"You're nice enough, I think. It's not like you're ugly either. I mean,
not that I would care if you were! But you're not, so you shouldn't
think that way about yourself! Not that you were, but you know-
Er...Nevermind!"

She smiled and rolled her eyes at him. Harry shifted from foot to foot,
growing tired for holding the heavy books.

"So who was he talking about when he said 'You-Know-Who'? Because,
frankly, I don't know who."

"Oh! *Him*. I don't suppose they would have mentioned him at WYRA, would
they? Well, he's..." Hermione took a look around the class and once
determining no one was standing too close to them, she leaned over to
talk softly in his ear. "He's the dictator of Wizarding Britain. His
name is Voldemort, but everyone calls him 'You-Know-Who'."

"If everyone calls him 'You-Know-Who', then how does anyone know his
name?"

"When ever he passes a new law or a issues a personal statements, he
always signs with his name and the government documents all use his
name. My foster father works in the Court directly under him, so I've
seen him a couple times. Everyone calls him Lord Voldemort when they
address him personally."

"Wow, so your family knows the ruler of the wizarding world? What's he
like?"

Hermione paused in her collection of books, her expression thoughtful.

"He's... amazing, really. Scary, terrifying... but fascinating. You know
he's almost sixty and doesn't look a day over twenty-five? Handsome
enough, medium height, black hair. His eyes are red, *bright*red and
I've heard they glow when he's angry. I've also heard you can see fangs
when he smiles, but I'm not sure I believe it. And he's a parselmouth,
so he always seems to be in the company of snakes. His familiar is a
giant cobra named Nagini."

Harry shivered at the description she gave, barley able to believe that
such a person could possibly exist. He sounded more like the devil in
human form than any of the wizards he had seen before.

"What's a parselmouth?" he asked, despite himself.

"It means he can talk to snakes and understand them. It's a really rare
talent and only people said to be descended from Salazar Slytherin, the
first parselmouth, are said to be able to do it. He's the only person
who is capable of it in the world at the moment."

They made their way back to their table, where Natalie was lounging and
looking rather peeved. "Did you two have fun? You looked like you were
getting awfully *cozy* with each other."

"We were having a blast. You really should have joined us," Hermione
quipped, handing her particularly heavy book. Grimacing under the weight
of the book, Natalie, nevertheless opened it and began searching for her
family name. Harry accepted a much newer book on wizarding law and began
picking through it. For almost an hour they worked together, exchanging
books occasionally and pointing out pieces of information relevant to
the others. By the time Professor Timbal started collect their papers,
Natalie had found a great uncle Thadeus Phelps, who had proposed
legalizing blood prostitution for vampires. Hermione had found six
Malfoys, all with particularly radical legislative ideas regarding
muggles and muggleborns.

Harry had found out that wizards *had*mingled with muggles before
Voldemort's regime, but that had been one of the first things the wizard
had outlawed when he came to power a mere ten years ago. It was a piece
of information he felt was the key to everything he had seen and
experienced up until that moment. It explained why he had been kidnaped,
why muggleborns weren't allowed to stay were their families, and why
Snape had warned him about the wizarding world being a dangerous place.

Hermione finished her part of the essay within only a few minutes, but
kept herself busy by leafing through her book.

"Potter."

Harry turned to Hermione, who had whispered very softly and was
pretending she hadn't. She pulled the tome she had been looking through
discretely in her lap, glanced at Natalie to make sure she hadn't
noticed, and pointed to a section of her book. Scanning the small
writing, something about acknowledging the territorial rights of
centaurs, he couldn't figure out what she was expecting him to see when
his own name appeared suddenly before him. He glanced around, making
sure no one else was watching them, and pulled the book into his lap to
get a better look.

*After the death of his father-in-law, Andreas Maximilian Hartwell,
Harold Jeremy Potter, inherited the additional votes necessary to
overturn the new clause to the Sentient Magical Creature's Rights and
Responsibilities doctrine. He went on to oppose three other similar
amendments, maintaining the rights of woodland elves, centaurs, and
other sentient creatures to refuse leasing or selling their land to
wizarding folk or from paying property taxes to wizarding government.
His family carried on his legacy three more generations until the rise
of Grindlewald made it necessary for the Ministry of Magic to find
additional sources of taxes to pay for increased national defense.
Whether the action of the former Ministry of Magic was entirely legal is
still debated, but has yet to be overturned...*

Harry blinked. He reread the paragraph. He read before the paragraph. He
read after it. The name didn't appear a second time, but it didn't
disappear either.

There was a Potter on the Wizengamot, or at least had been. A Potter
with the same first name as his. Could it possibly be coincidence?

He turned to Hermione, hoping for some sort of explanation, hoping she
wouldn't think him crazy for thinking what he was. She leapt far ahead
of him from crazy into sheer genius.

"You know, Harry. A lot of wizarding families fled to Europe during the
war."

---

[^7-1]: You know, you are a snob? My adoption or lack of adoption is none of
your damn business.

