# The King and His Prince

Harry's Christmas came and went quietly. Hermione and all his friends
returned to the castle refreshed from their break. He wasn't sure who
was happier. Him for being reunited with his friends or Hermione for
being reunited with the library.

Classes continued, tests were taken, points were gained and lost,
detentions were served, and nothing crazy ... crazier than the usual
school related accident happened. Voldemort came and went from the
castle, rarely seen accept at Quidditch matches and the occasional
dinner. If he showed Harry any special interest, the boy didn't know as
he made it a point never to look in his direction.

The highlight of Harry's second semester was definitely Quidditch.
Transfiguring pens into forks and creating potions that equaled a visit
to the dentist was great and all, but Harry had yet to find any sort of
magic that rivaled the feeling of flight. In the air he felt powerful,
like he could go straight into battle with only his broom and still come
out the victor.

It was a very good feeling to have, especially as the final game of the
season was once again between Gryffindors and Slytherins. They may have
been short a Seeker and a Chaser, but Slytherin's strength had always
lay with its Beaters. Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw had grown bolder since
Gryffindor's first victory, but they lacked the blind aggressiveness
that was Slytherin and the intense competitiveness of Harry's house.

Walking to the Quidditch pitch, his team encircling him like an armed
guard, the young Seeker was practically shaking with excitement. He had
been to almost every match, as participant or spectator, and his
knowledge of the game and of Slytherin's tactics had grown immensely.
With every flying maneuver, every point earned, and every foul called
Harry imagined using what he learned against his most dangerous rivals.

And today he would have his chance.

"Alright there, Harry?" asked George... Fred?

He gave him a grin.

"Oh I like that look!" laughed the other Weasley twin. "Makes me thinks
there'll be an explosion at some point in the match."

"Yeah," Harry said, "Lestrange's temper when Slytherin loses."

The team laughed, but quickly sobered as they neared the pitch. Even
from the outside, it was obvious the stadium was packed. He suppose he
should have figured that the championship game would have more
spectators than usual, but the audience wasn't something he spent much
time considering in Quidditch.

"Who are all the extra people?"

"Well, in addition to the entire school," began team captain Oliver
Wood, "There are mostly other parents. No one aside from students and
their guardians are allowed to attend... security issues, you know? We
usually get at least one player who goes off to the national league
after graduation, so people like to come and guess who."

Harry felt himself relax. Perhaps it was a bit egotistical, but after
the year he'd had he was worried they were there to gawk at him. The
team quickly prepped for the game, joking around to settle everyone's
nerves as they waited. Finally they were called to the field.

They were greeted with thunderous applause from one side of stadium and
resounding 'boos' from the other. Harry tried to find Hermione in the
crowd, but realized it was hopeless. He didn't even know what side of
the stadium she was on, as she might very well have sat with her brother
amongst the Slytherins.

The only people he could recognize right away were Voldemort and the
Hogwarts staff seated in the VIP section, but he avoided looking. Too
many Slytherins with too much power over him to settle his nerves any.
Instead, he focused on the Slytherin team.

They looked as ogre-ish as he remembered, although they had gotten a
smaller and swifter Seeker. Franklin Borgish was a thin boy with
exceptionally long limbs and fingers. Harry had seen him play a few
times, and that extra reach was a definite strength when catching the
snitch but his balance was compromised as a result. He wondered if he
couldn't make that work to his favor.

Professor Gimms stalked onto the field.

"Players, mount your brooms!"

The stadium fell into a hushed silence.

The whistle shrieked.

The balls were released.

And the players were off.

"And Potter doesn't waste any time!" cried the announcer, "He's got the
Snitch in his sights from the get go, and Borgish is just starting after
him. Oh-no, they've both lost sight of it!"

Harry had not, in fact, lost sight of the Snitch, but it had suddenly
changed directions and headed directly towards the Slytherin Seeker. He
had looked in the opposite direction, and predictably, so did Borgish.
The other Slytherin players had opted for a new strategy, and were not
focusing on destroying Harry first. No, they seemed quite intent on
destroying everyone else.

They were aggressively circling and obstructing the Gryffindors, not so
much to gain or lose points, but to disrupt their movements in such a
way that left them confused about their next move. The Weasley's soon
figured it out and were using the same tactic against one of the
Slytherin's Beaters. The others were having a harder time discerning
their intentions, and Angelina nearly fell off her broom twice trying to
avoid a collision with a player who just barely managed to change
direction.

Harry could only partially follow his team's movements, aided mostly by
the announcer's commentary, as a majority of his attention was focused
on the snitch and keeping Borgish (who was still much closer to it than
he was) from spotting it. The snitch flew downwards, finally away from
the other seeker.

If it hadn't moved so close to the ground, Harry never would have seen
the shadow streaking towards his own. More on instinct than in thought,
he angled his broom downward and shot towards the ground. He wasn't
aiming for the snitch, just avoiding that incoming shadow, but Borgish
must have interpreted it like that and followed suit. Harry risked a
glance back to see Slytherin beater, Marcus Flint, speeding after him.
Above them, he could see the rest of his team preoccupied with battles
of their own, and understood the Slytherin's plan at once.

Keep the rest of the team busy, wait till Harry was distracted, then
take him out long enough for their own seeker to catch the snitch.

A good plan, but Harry had no intention in letting them carry it out.

He leveled out at about six feet from the ground and angled his broom
into the distance, encouraging Borgish to look that way as well. Once
the Slytherin seeker was busy looking for the supposed location of the
snitch, Harry slowed and descended even further so that his feet were
brushing the grass. Quietly, almost sedately, Harry changed directions.

"Slytherin Chaser Corvis barely avoids *two* bludgers sent at him by
both Weasley twin beaters, and Chaser Jones takes advantage by scoring a
goal. Twenty points Gryffindor! And what the heck is Potter *doing?*"

By now Harry had practically stopped and Flint was coming at him full
speed. He watched his progress by following the shadows on the ground,
counting down until the moment of impact. Above him he could hear his
teammates calling for him to look out.

"Five...Four..."

The shadow was too close now. He'd never be able to avoid a collision on
his broom.

"Three...Two..."

His feet were suddenly solidly on the ground.

"One."

He jumped-not flew or levitated or floated, but *jumped* to his left.
Flint flew by him, unable to stop and expecting resistance, he had too
much speed and too much of an angle. The nose of his broom hit the
ground first, and the larger boy flipped clean off of it and smashed
into the turf. No sooner had Flint' face connected with the grass, then
Harry was in the air again.

"Oh my God! I can't believe he fell for that! I mean, Ouch! And
Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint looks to be out of it for the game! But
what's this? Potter's changed directions! Has he found the snitch?!"

He had never lost sight of the snitch, Borgish was on the wrong end of
the field, the rest of the Slytherin team was distracted, and Flint
wasn't in any condition to stop anyone. All he had to do was reach out
and-

"And Potter's caught the snitch! Gryffindor wins the Quidditch Cup!"

---

Headmistress Lestrange had waited until she was in her office to
explode. The endless number of portraits all looked down with either
amusement or disgust, as she screamed and stomped and broke things in a
mad fit. And from her perfectly white teeth and rosy red lips fell the
blackest words of her black heart.

Like the jealous Queen cursing the fair and innocent Snow White, she
thought only of the supposed wrongs against her. Her dearest and most
precious Dark Lord, like a proud and solemn father he had presented yet
another golden crown of laurels to that scruffy vagabond and his
Gryffidork horde, while Slytherin House, his *real* family stood shocked
and shamed from the side lines.

And while she could only stand there, and consciously fight to keep her
hand from her wand, Snape had left her to talk to his House team. She
had expected him to feel the same way, they were both Slytherins after
all, and they all know *exactly* how badly they had failed their House,
their families, and their Lord. As the Headmistress she had to appear
impartial, but she itched to curse Borgish and Flint as much as she did
Potter. But again, though it really shouldn't have surprised her, Snape
had disappointed her.

He quite solemnly gathered the players around him, handed Flint a
healing potions from his robe, and spoke to them quite calmly.

"This is an unfortunate outcome," Snape said, and the Slytherins looked
dejectedly at their shoes, "But do not let this be viewed as a shame.
Lift your heads and keep your eyes forward. You are Slytherins."

They followed his instructions, the older ones quickly finding a way to
stand on their injured pride. When they could all look their Head of
House in the eye again, he continued.

"This was a very well played game. I have not seen our Lord so
enraptured for many years. The Black Cat's," he sneered the nick name,
"silly antics caught us off guard. Unlike the other Houses we learn far
faster from our mistakes. We will have victory again soon."

And it was a lie, a lie, a lie! But those stupid fools had seemed so
satisfied with that insipid notion! To Hufflepuff with entire lot of
them! You could never, *ever* fail. To fail was a weakness, and the weak
died or lived wishing they had! Look at how quickly their Lord had
turned from them for this small fallacy after ten years of perfection?
Glory and Honor for Gryffindor?! Glory for the Mudblooded, useless,
little Potter?

"AAAAAAAaaaaaahhhhhhhh!!!"

---

In Voldemort's office, Snape broke with his usual tradition to enjoy a
bit of brandy with the Dark Lord. He was truthfully disappointed in his
little Snake's failure at the match that day, but in the scheme of
things it was small loss. Their futures would not suffer for it. They
would still graduate to become the leaders of Wizarding Britain, and two
of his players had already received scholarships to play at wizarding
universities. They would all get over it, and play even better next
year.

Having consoled himself, he took the time to instead consider how he
might take advantage of the situation. On a purely vindictive level, he
took great enjoyment from the fact that he could practically *feel*
Lestrange's insane rage vibrating through the castle stones. On a more
pragmatic one, he knew Lord Voldemort could feel it as well and that
reduced her once again in his eyes.

It was clear the elder wizard was quite taken with Lily's boy. Studying
the Dark Lord during the match, he had eyes only for Potter, and that
was a bit frightening. It wasn't exactly affection he had seen, but a
look he had seen men of very specialized profession get when they find
an extremely valuable tool. The wizard's dark mind had been spinning
with possible uses for the child.

A Prince. He had said the wizarding world should have a prince, but what
did that mean?

Voldemort hadn't meant an heir. The potion master knew he was
practically immortal and had no need of one, particularly a Gryffindor
even if he was of Slytherin descent.

A vague idea of what the man might want, flitted in and out of Snape's
mind, tangible as spider silk. He gave up on the speculation quickly. If
he couldn't think of it with a clear head, he certainly wasn't going to
find the answer while drinking.

"You look pleased, Severus," Voldemort said, looking quite content
sitting across from him. They were placed by the warm fire, Nagini
dozing around her master's shoulder. It was rather intimate, and without
Lestrange demanding the Dark Lord's attention like a spoiled child it
felt doubly so. "Especially considering Slytherin's loss today."

Ugh. So maybe he hadn't consoled himself completely of that fact.

"Yes, well... their first loss in ten years. Gryffindor have been more
like mewling kittens than lions since your rise to power, so I'm not
surprised they were caught off guard. Potter turned out to be quite the
trickster. Perhaps he should have gone to my House after all."

He quickly shielded his mind, keeping the Dark Lord from detecting the
lie. Potter was as Gryffindor as James Potter and...Lily... ever were.

Voldemort seemed pleased with the comment though, just as Snape thought
he would.

"Yes, he was a little imp today, wasn't he? I trust Slytherin wasn't too
devastated?"

"Disappointed of course, but they'll recover. There's still the House
Cup, of course."

"Of course," Voldemort conceded and took a drink of his brandy. "I do
hope Bella keeps that in mind before she starts breaking things. I do
keep my Founder's Collection in her office after all."

Inside, Snape was practically singing! Voldemort, alone with him, openly
mocking the headmistress lack of self control. If he weren't afraid of
Potter cooties, he would go and kiss the little waif right now!
Outwardly, he kept his expression neutral, although his voice was
vaguely condescending.

"She's always been very... passionate about House pride."

Voldemort looked amused.

"And you are not 'passionate', Severus?"

Snape smirked. "I am proud, my Lord, and I am dedicated. But
passionate... I have always viewed passion as more of a Gryffindor trait
than a Slytherin one."

Voldemort just smiled and lifted his glass.

---

Harry spent the remaining weeks before the end of term trying to hide
his silly grin from every Slytherin he encountered, especially Snape.
The first week after the Quidditch Cup, it had been difficult with all
the other Gryffindors smiling and congratulating him. Even many of the
Hufflepuffs and the Ravenclaws had been impressed with him. And truth be
told, he was rather impressed with himself, as well. The three
detentions he had received from Snape and the exploding inkwell in his
bag had gone a long way in curbing his enthusiasm.

Now with only a week remaining until the end of term, his enthusiasm had
all but disappeared. Soon the castle would be empty, and without
Wizarding Culture classes that summer he would not see any of his
friends or teachers until September. While the rest of his classmates
would be returning to their families, he would be spending his summer
alone at the Sleuw's. It would be an improvement over the Dursley's, but
it still seemed a sad option when he could think of so many others he
wanted to spend time with.

Hermione.

Clyde.

His Slytherin friends... acquaintances?

Remus and Sirius, the Godfather he hadn't seen since he was an infant.

"A knut for your thoughts?"

Harry turned to see Natalie, strolling across the green. Classes had
ended for the day, but Hermione had insisted on a trip to the library
and all he had wanted was wide open spaces and fresh air. With the
charmed journal in hand, he had found a grassy knoll outside from which
he began sketches of the Whomping Willow, and hadn't been expecting
company.

The Slytherin girl had forgone her school robes, opting instead for a
green summer dress with matching lace up sandals that wound up to her
knees. A gentle breeze danced with her hair, her dress, the free ends of
her sandal ribbons and not for the first time Harry thought her quite
beautiful.

"Do you really have a knut?" he asked.

"In this dress? Heavens no. It took be half an hour to figure out where
to put my wand. What are you doing?"

He lifted the journal, showing her some of his pencil sketches. She
'oohed' at the drawings and then grinned. She walked a little past Harry
to a small outcropping of rocks between him and the tree, and sat
herself primly down.

"Draw me?" she asked.

Harry turned thoughtful. He had been drawing for over an hour already,
and he was already experiencing a faint headache from touching the book
for so long. "I don't know. People are harder to draw."

"Oh, come on Harry! Consider it a birthday present."

"It's your birthday?"

She grinned. "Will you draw me if I say yes?"

"I'll promise to draw you for your birthday if you tell me the truth."

"I'll give you a clue. It falls on a Sunday this year."

"That's not a clue!"

"Well, then I guess you'll just have to draw me every Sunday until
January."

It was such a Natalie thing to say that Harry couldn't help but laugh.

"So what are you doing out here Natalie? And without Draco or your usual
girly-ish friends for that matter."

"Girly-ish friends?"

"Parkinson."

She snorted. "I suppose she does only rank as 'girly-ish' with that
unibrow. And she's not a friend. Frankly, we can't stand each other."

"Then why are you always sitting by each other?"

"Because *Draco* likes to be seen sitting next to the prettiest girl in
Slytherin, and Parkinson isn't that girl. Poor thing, she's insanely
jealous."

Harry shook his head. "I'll never understand Slytherins. So why are you
here instead of making all the other Slytherin girls jealous?"

"I wanted to talk with you before the term ended, and since Hermione has
buried her brain in a book somewhere that doesn't resemble 'here', I
thought now would be the perfect time. Won't you miss me when I leave
for the summer?"

"Of course I will," he said honestly. "I'll miss everyone. Well... I'll
miss everyone except Ron and Snape anyway."

"Will you write me?"

"If you write me first. I don't have an owl, and the school's owlry is
off limits in the summer."

"Well, then I'll write you every week. And you better have my pictures
ready or I'll be *very* cross with you, Mr. Potter!"

From the tallest tower in the school, a silent observer couldn't hear
the boy's ringing laughter through the gentle roar of the wind, but
peering through his telescope his crimson eyes followed the movement of
his throat and crinkling of his eyes. Adjusting the instrument just the
tiniest bit, he could just barely recognize his journal set in the boy's
lap, forgotten but not discarded.

Back on the school grounds, with no viewing mechanism of his own, Harry
could neither see nor hear Voldemort's dark laughter. But he felt it as
a chill running down his spine and a strange ache where his fingers
touched the journal.

---

"...And with six-hundred and twenty-five points, the House Cup once
again goes to Slytherin!" the Headmistress declared, and with a swish of
her wand all the banners in the Great Hall turned green and silver.

"Blah, not again," Fred groused, "I was so sure we'd win this year after
we won the Quidditch Cup.".

"What do you expect with Snape handing out points to his House like it
was candy?" Clyde pointed out.

"... You might want to use a different analogy, mate. Who the heck would
accept candy from *Snape?*"

---

"Stop groping my sister in public!" Draco snapped irritably, scanning
the platform for gawkers. Hermione released Harry from her rather
overzealous hug to glare at her brother. Harry grinned at the blond boy.

"Tell her to stop groping me first! Ouch! Don't poke me so hard,
Hermione. Your nails are sharp!"

"Boys, ugh!" she huffed. "Now, when I get back you better not have
burned the Forbidden Forest down or flooded Hogsmeade or something. And
get your homework done early this summer. If you do, you can send it to
me and I'll check it for errors. Did you remember to pack everything?
It's so silly with you living right next to the castle, but they won't
let you back in-"

"Hermione, come *on!* The good seats are going to be taken if you don't
hurry, and I'm not sitting next to a Hufflepuff. I've accepted that
you're a Gryffindor, but a man has to draw the line somewhere!"

The two best friends shared a grin, and reluctantly parted company.
Harry remained on the train platform until all the other students were
on board. Though he would be taking the Hogwarts Express *to* the school
every year, he wouldn't be taking it *away* from there. It was awfully
tempting though.

He waved goodbye to his friends and fellow classmates until the train
was so far away he could only make out its location by the trail of
white steam, until finally even that was gone. Turning back towards the
platform, he made his way over to the cluster of teachers standing a
ways back in the shade of the station awning. The four Heads of House
had accompanied each of their students there to make sure everything ran
smoothly, but now with only him left he turned to McGonagall for
instruction.

"Will I have time to gather my things or have they already been sent to
the Sleuws?"

Their was a hesitance in the old witch's response, and Flitwick and
Sprout gave each other a rather obvious look. When Snape's mouth curved
in a strange mockery of a smile Harry knew he was in trouble. McGonagall
gave him what she must have thought was a comforting pat on the
shoulder.

"They've been sent on ahead, but Our Lord has requested to speak to
you."

"... About what?"

Another hand replaced McGonagall's, this one making no attempt at
comfort. Snape peered down at him.

"That is between the two of you, Mr. Potter. Come along. It's best not
to keep him waiting."

McGonagall glared daggers at Snape's back as he lead one of *her*
Gryffindors towards the castle. All year the man had been taking
liberties with Harry, and the more it happened the more Harry seemed to
take it for granted. And she hated that. She hadn't thought of herself
as bias when it came to each of the Houses, but watching Lily's son
finding his company with *snakes* left her skin crawling.

But what could she do? Snape's interest in Potter was a reflection of
the Dark Lord's interest, and how could she fight against that now? That
same reckless and proud nature that defined Gryffindors had drawn the
King of Serpent's cool regard.

Her only consolation was Harry had not yet suffered any permanent
damage...yet.

---

It was his first time completely alone with the Dark Lord. Snape had not
lingered, though for moment Harry thought he might have, and disappeared
to places unknown. Lestrange was gone, for which he was thankful, as was
Nagini. He should have felt better about his enemy number being reduced
to one, but this one was more dangerous than them all combined and he
felt like that eight year old child again, being lead from a life he
knew into some unknown danger.

He lingered by the door.

Behind his desk, Voldemort regarded him with his usual amused
expression.

"*Tell me, Harry,*" he said, his voice serpentine, "*What do you think
of being a wizard?*"

It wasn't a question Harry had been prepared for. The man may as well
have asked him the meaning of life. But his mouth opened, and as usual,
he spoke without thinking.

"*I don't think about being a wizard anymore than I think about
breathing,*" he said, and with a conscious effort, continued in English.
"I am what I am."

The Dark Lord let out a soft laugh, and gestured for Harry to sit in one
of the chairs across from him. Reluctantly, he obeyed.

"A simple answer followed by a vague one. Who do you suppose you are,
Harry?"

This gave the boy pause. Did he really know who he was? Until last year
he hadn't known he was a wizard. Until a few months ago he hadn't known
his parents were either, that he had a living Godfather, or that he had
a history still far beyond his grasp. And even if he did, how could he
answer a question like that?

"..."

"Shall I tell you who you *could* be?" Voldemort offered, leaning back
in his chair. "You could be *great*. You've already accomplished great
things."

"..."

"Is that modesty or fear that keeps your tongue?"

"What do you want from me?"

At this, Voldemort's snorted and turned away, irritated.

"Gryffindor."

Harry's mouth twitched. "Guilty as charged."

"I suppose these are matters that require more forethought. Perhaps
you'll have better answers by the end of summer?"

"...I'll think them over."

They fell silent, both regarding the other cautiously. Harry having no
clue why he was there to begin with and Voldemort having found his bait
ignored, neither were familiar enough with the other to fall into a
conversation easily. When the silence stretched into awkwardness, the
young Gryffindor tried his best.

"...so... Where's Nagini?"

Voldemort considered ignoring the asinine question, but decided to
encourage the child's confidence. It was part of the reason he was here
after all.

"I've sent her ahead to my summer home. I thought it best, since I
brought a gift for you. She's rather jealous, after all."

*That seems a common trait among Slytherins*, Harry thought to himself.
Aloud he said, "A gift? What for?"

Voldemort stood, striding towards an oddly shaped item with a black
cloth draped over it. He set his hand on it and turned back to Harry.

"Consider it a 'thank you for amusing me' present."

Removing the cloth, he revealed a large gilded birdcage, in which was
perched a beautiful white owl. It blinked sleepily, and turned its
bright yellow eyes to study Harry. Despite his wariness, Harry couldn't
help but be drawn from his chair to get a better look at it. So
enraptured he was by the owl, he completely overlooked Voldemort's
pleased smile.

"I had heard that you have no familiar, and when I saw her I thought her
perfect for you. She got in a fight with Nagini the moment they met."

Harry chuckled, but did not look away.

"Here, let me introduced you properly." Tapping the very top of the cage
with his wand, Voldemort hissed an unfamiliar spell and the gold wires
pulled away from each other, curling out from the base of the cage like
flower petals. Without a barrier, the white owl stretched her wings and
hopped onto Harry's outstretched arm. Her black talons, which could have
ripped him to shreds, pinched his skin beneath his shirt but he ignored
the pain.

"Oh, My Lord... she is beautiful."

"I am glad you like her. You will be keeping each other company for many
years to come."

He ran his fingers through her white feathers, and she puffed up proudly
under his adolescent adoration. Turning a timid, questioning gaze
towards the elder wizard, he asked, "What is her name?"

"A good question. What is her name? She's your owl."

His mind filled with name after possible name. Bianca... no, too
snobbish. Whitey...too lame. Hedwig... cute, but not quite right.

"Elsbeth," he decided.

"Elsbeth, the White Witch of Ireland?" Voldemort asked, considering it.
"A fine name, although I would like to point out she killed and ate her
husband's mistress."

Harry shrugged. "No one's perfect."

Voldemort just grinned and stood back, admiring his work. Snape appeared
to have been right. A small bit of kindness at the right time went a
long way with the child. Already the Gryffindor was more at ease being
alone with him. It was a frail sort of trust, but it was a start. In
time, he fully intended Harry to associate their private time together
as something positive.

Just like all his servants did.

Snape had been so pleased with their private audience after the
Quidditch Cup. Bellatrix used to be the same way, back when he actually
allowed such meetings to occur. They, like all his former Death Eaters,
knew that while alone together he was pleased with them, and while in
company he either wasn't or was on neutral standing.

It was only a matter of time before Harry was counted among them..

---

In case you're not sure, Elsbeth is Hedwig, just with a different name.
I never cared for the name Hedwig.

And that is the last chapter of Harry's first year. Next week will
Harry's summer followed by his second year. It should be even more
exciting than his first year. I hope you all enjoyed it! Reviews (and
critiques) welcome!
