# The Land and Its Vassals

It turned out Harry had just over a day and a half to get ready. The letter
Snape had given him had been an acceptance letter to Hogwarts School of
Witchcraft and Wizardry, and summer classes he was required to take before the
start of term began that very Monday. Miss Marilyn had been ecstatic when she
heard the news, and had been brimming with tears she was so proud of him. It
had been really embarrassing as far as Harry was concerned.

Emily had also gotten a letter, but it was for a place called Fellshire
Magical Craft and Trade school. Harry worried about her. After Snape had left
she had fallen into a depressed silence. He had tried to explain to her as
much as he could about WYRA and how to avoid the memory spells, but he did not
think she was listening or even cared. Once one of the nurses took her off to
see the medi-wizard, Harry never saw her.

As much as Harry wanted to find her, and make her feel better, he was suddenly
much too busy to do anything but look after himself. While Miss Marilyn
puttered away about what a prestigious school Hogwarts was, how it was every
parent's dream to have their child attend there, and how proud she was of
'Harold'; Harry was dragged from corridor to corridor and room to room,
gathering up familiar and strange items as they went. His usual trunk was
replaced with a larger, black standard school trunk and all the usual blue
toned nic-nacs he had taken for granted like his toothbrush and notebook where
all replaced with brand new black versions. His clothes were replaced too,
with normal- as normal as wizarding clothes got- slacks, button up shirts,
belt, vests, ties, and blessedly shoes and underwear all in an assortment of
mix and match colors. Additionally, he was given a set of plain black student
robes, and was told he would get a school badge once he was assigned to a
house. Even his awkward, thick glasses where replaced with a set of elegant
gold rims.

When Harry finally got a look at himself in the mirror he barely recognized
himself. Gone was the poor waif in his baggy, thread-bare clothes and paint
smeared hands, sulking in his room. Gone was the disoriented boy, clean and
well kept like a pet dog, pacing the night away between the rows of peaceful
children. Now he stood, dignified if a little rough around the edges,
preparing to move towards an unknown future in an unknown world. Suddenly, he
could see the man he wanted to be, and would become. He was terrified, but
couldn't even fathom returning to what he once was.

When he returned to his room for the night, all the other boys were fast
asleep. He wandered up and down the room, memorizing each of their cherubic
faces and offering silent prayers that they would leave WYRA and find memories
worth keeping and futures with families as loving, if not more so, than their
old ones.

He woke in a chair at the work table before the other boys, startled out of
dreams of life in Cologne with his parents and wizards and Emily and Snape.
Miss Marilyn stood at the door, eyeing him with an unreadable expression.

"Harold, did you sleep there all night?"

Silently, Harry berated himself. He had fooled everyone for almost a month,
why was everyone finding him out *now?* "Er... sorry, I-I-I was just ...so
excited and nervous. I couldn't bring myself to lay down, ya know?"

She nodded, but her expression was just as unreadable as before.

"We'll be leaving in a few minutes, Harold. Your first summer class at
Hogwarts starts at eight-thirty sharp and you'll need to meet with
Headmistress Lestrange and get your books before that. Go wash your face and
brush your teeth, and try your best to tame that wild mop of yours."

Harry did as he was told, thankful that she had apparently dismissed her
suspicions in favor of staying on schedule. When he left the bathroom, his bed
was gone and only his new black trunk remained.

"Can't I say goodbye to the others?" he asked.

"It would be better if you just let them sleep. They're so used to goodbyes
they don't mean much anymore," she said dismissively, leading him out into the
hall.

Harry knew she was probably right, but only because of those blasted memory
spells. He prayed that the school beds weren't similarly cursed or that he
would soon learn the counter spell to override it. What was it Snape had used
to end his silencing spell? Finite Incatem? Incantatemum?

She caste a few more spells on his trunk, making it as small and light as a
deck of cards, which he then placed in his pocket. She caste another spell on
the clothes he was wearing, smoothing out the wrinkles he had gained from
sleeping in them, and then they were off. They passed through the corridors,
offices, dining room, and into the lobby Harry hadn't seen since he had first
arrived. It seemed smaller than he remembered, but he didn't get to ponder
what that might mean as they continued at a fast clip out the large marble
doors and to the black familiar car waiting for them outside.

They climbed into the back, and this time Harry kept his attention glued to
the outside, determined to see if they would be magic away like he had from
Surrey. In the early morning, it was less crowded with people, and those
present were hurriedly on their way to work. However, they were much more
unusual in the light of day than they had been in the cover of night. The old-
fashion cut of their clothes did not inhibit their sense of color, and by all
accounts some of their outfits were quite garish. Bright pinks, purples, lime
greens, canary yellows, pin stripes and polka dots, stars and moons,
hieroglyphs, and peacock feathers were as common as black, whites, beiges,
blues, pocket watches, and flowers. Occasionally, the car would stop at a
crosswalk, and a pedestrian or shopkeeper would smile and wave at him. They
all seemed so kind and friendly that Harry wondered why Snape had been so
cynical about it.

Maybe the man had just wanted to scare him.

Maybe he was just paranoid.

Maybe he was scared of *nice* people?

The car passed through an alley, and once it had ended, they found themselves
in the middle of the Scottish countryside. The land was rich green and
partitioned into acreage by short stone walls. There were flocks of grazing
sheep and cows here and there, and as far as Harry could tell they weren't in
anyway magical. When he looked back in the direction they'd come from, it
appeared they had merely passed under a small stone bridge.

"What just happened?"

"It's the same sort of magic we use to take you all to the adoption parties.
It's rather complicated, but I'm sure you'll learn all about it in school.
Speaking of which, Hogsmeade should be just over this next hill and it's only
a short walk from there to Hogwarts."

Sure enough, not a minute later they passed over a hill and found themselves
in a small wizarding village. The shops and business here were more quaint
than those he had seen in the wizarding city, with mostly specialty shops, an
inn, and a tavern. There were a few horse drawn carts and even some people
walking around with broomsticks, but no other cars. They parked between The
Hogshead and Honeydukes, and started the rest of the way on foot.

As they made their way towards an earthen road out of town, Harry could see
what looked like an enormous castle off in the distance.

"Oh wow," he said, staring awestruck at the beautiful monolith. There was no
way anything so large and beautiful could have ever been made by means other
than magic.

"Wait until you see the inside," his guide said, off-handedly. Harry turned
towards her, startled.

"Inside? You mean...*that's* Hogwarts?"

When he had thought of Hogwarts he had thought of all those fancy boarding
schools from TV shows and movies. Wide, two-story buildings with tall windows,
wrought iron gates, and expansive grounds. He had not thought of centuries old
castles sitting at the top of a large hills, massive lakes, or thick primeval
forests. If he'd had a horse, he would have felt very much like a knight on
errand to the king of the land.

Or perhaps a squire tagging along.

It was half a mile walk to the castle, and the closer they got the more in awe
Harry felt himself become. Not only was the castle rich in detailed statues
and structure, but also in exceptionally good shape without a trace of wearing
by weather or time. There was also additional structures coming off the
castle, including a large green house, an impressive little stadium, a boat
house, and stables. A quaint little cottage stood between the stables and the
border of the thick forest, and he could just make out the shape of a gaunt
looking man and an exceptionally short woman working around the garden
surrounding it.

They were met near the castle gates by a witch with a stern look and a streak
of silver in her black hair. Harry thought she looked very much like a
headmistress at an all girl school should look like. Miss Marilyn, who had
been going at a brisk pace, smiled as soon she saw the other woman and spoke
rather breathlessly.

"Headmaster Lestrange, I presume?"

The old witch gave her a wry smile.

"Unfortunately, no. Professor Lestrange is very busy at the moment, as is the
deputy headmaster. I am Professor McGonagall, Head of Gryffindor house and
transfiguration professor here at Hogwarts. I will handle things from here.
You have the paperwork?"

"Oh- oh, yes, just a moment." Miss Marilyn checked her person, pockets, and
hat before finally removing a full sized folder from her billowy sleeves. The
transfiguration teacher accepted the file, and examined its contents. She
suddenly grew pale. Looking up, she resolutely marched around Miss Marilyn and
right up to Harry who had been looking out at the lake. He turned to look up
at her, and felt concerned by her stricken continence.

"The resemblance is uncanny," she said, almost too softly for him to hear.
Then she smiled at him, and Harry couldn't think of last time he had seen a
smile so sad or so genuine. "Welcome to Hogwarts, Harry."

He blinked owlishly at her. No adult had called him Harry since his parent's
death. He had always been 'Harold' or 'Mr. Potter' or bloody 'Heinrich'. Could
she know him? That would be impossible, of course. She was a witch and
wouldn't have known his muggle parents, and he didn't think she was the type
to who would ever go visit little art studios in Cologne in any event. It was
just coincidence and rather undue familiarity. Nothing more.

"Thank you, professor," he replied politely.

"You may go, Madam McLaury. I will handle things from here. You will have your
paperwork by Wednesday evening at the latest."

Once again, Miss Marilyn looked flustered, apparently not used to being
dismissed so readily. McGonagall took no notice, and with a gentle touch on
Harry's shoulder, she began leading him down towards the little cottage. As
they walked, the professor seemed to recollect herself and began to lecture
him.

"Mr. Potter, as you probably overheard, I am Professor Minerva McGonagall,
Head of Gryffindor and your soon-to-be transfiguration's teacher. After today,
you probably won't see me until the start of term. Most of the Hogwarts staff
is either away enjoying their vacation or busy re-warding the school or making
lesson's plans in preparation for the start of term. As such, the school
itself is off-limits to the public, that includes you, until September."

"But...where will I be living? And where are the summer classes held, then?"

"You will be living with Mr. and Mrs.Sleuw, our resident ground keepers. They
are both very busy year around, so if they should ask you for some assistance
keeping house or on the grounds, I expect you to mind them as you would your
own parents, is that understood?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Good. We will get you settled first, then I will take you to where your
summer lessons will be held. Ah, here we are. Mr. Sleuw! Mrs. Sleuw!"

Up close the pair looked even more ridiculously disproportionate than before.
Mr. Sleuw was a good six and a half feet, sun-darkened, and almost handsome
except that his expression was slack and bland. His wife on the other hand
barely reached his navel, had wild honey colored curls, and bounced about like
a filly in spring. They were both tending the garden, but dropped what they
were doing when McGonagall called them over.

"Oy, now. Is this the lad, then? A strapping young man, tisn't he, although a
wee bit thin. Don't you think so Bert?" Mrs. Sleuw gushed, smiling from ear to
ear at him. Harry blushed and made a thorough study of his shoes.

"Uhnnnn..." Mr. Sleuw replied, expression as dead as his response.

"Yes, yes, Maggie. His name is Harold James Potter. You can all get better
acquainted after his morning classes. Is his room ready?" McGonagall asked.

"Of course, just leave his things there and hurry along. We wouldn't want him
late for his first day of class, now would we?"

"No, we wouldn't want that."

McGonagall lead him to the little cottage, and opened the door for him. Harry
walked in and his jaw dropped. From the outside the cottage didn't look like
could hold more than a small kitchen and an even smaller bedroom, but the
inside was a different matter altogether. The interior was the size of a large
farm house, with a full sized kitchen, sitting area, dining room, and a set of
stairs leading up to a second floor that could not possible have been there.
It was all very cozy and rustic, with hand made quilts over the sofa's and
chairs, rough wooden furniture, and dried flower decorations scattered about.

They went upstairs and entered one of four rooms there. It was clearly a guest
bedroom, and only sparsely furnished. The brass framed bed had a light blue
and yellow quilt, the wardrobe matched although the paint was starting to
peel, and blue table with an oil lamp stood in the corner. A quick peek out
the window revealed the Mr. Sleuw pulling up a particularly tenacious weed and
confirmed to Harry he had not been transported through one of those magic
portals.

"Do you have your trunk, Mr. Potter?" asked McGonagall. Harry nodded and
removed it from his pocket. He set it at the foot of the bed, and with a flick
of her wand the trunk resized itself. "Gather up your notebook and pen, Mr.
Potter. You can unpack the rest of it after class."

He did as he was told, and they left the little cottage. Harry did a double
take once they were outside, still baffled by the dimensional disparity. They
headed back towards the castle, but instead of returning the way they came,
she lead him around the back. The castle turned out to have been built
partially in the lake, but a tunnel and bridge allowed them to pass without
resorting to a boat. Once on the other side, Harry could see a large tent had
been set up, similar to those he and his parents had dined in during German
festivals or weddings. His guide stopped him just outside the tent.

She pulled two books, one dark red and the other black, literally out of thin
air and handed them to him.

"These are your textbooks. Lessons will be held here, Monday through Saturday
at 8:30 am til 11:30 am. You may return to the house for lunch or eat with
your classmates in the classroom. Classes resume at 12:30 pm and continue
until 2:30. You may remain in study period until 4:00pm, during which time
your professor will be available for questions. After that you will be
expected to return to the house immediately, and under no conditions are you
to *ever* wander into forest without Mr. or Mrs. Sleuw. Again, stay out of the
castle. You are not permitted to swim, fish, or boat in the lake without an
adult present, but I'm sure if you help the Sleuws with their chores they
might spare some time to take you. Do you have any questions?"

Harry gave her a weak smile. "Only a million and one."

She smiled back at him, her expression softening considerably. "Don't worry
Mr. Potter, that's what these summer lessons are for. Now, I have to go talk
to the professor about your sudden admittance before class starts, so why
don't you go in and find a seat? Class is going to start in five minutes."

He nodded to her, and taking a deep breath he entered the tent, prepared to
start his first day as a wizard-in-training.

---

McGonagal left Harry Potter feeling shaken. It had been many years since her
self control had been tested so strongly. But to see him... to see the ghost
of two dear friends made singular and whole in one frail, nervous little
boy...

She didn't know if she wanted to weep or sing.

The entire situation seemed so utterly *right* and so utterly *wrong.* Lily
and James' son at Hogwarts? Perfectly natural. Lily and James' son right under
Voldemort's nose? She'd sooner see Snape cuddle a werewolf. Of course, Snape
cuddling a werewolf wouldn't necessarily have been a *bad* thing to see in her
opinion...

But by Merlin, how had Harry ended up here?

The Gryffindor professor took a brief detour on her way to the Headmistress's
office to look through the papers she had been given. Lestrange wouldn't miss
them for few hours. She probably wouldn't have missed them for a few days.

She considered holding onto the file for awhile yet, but when Snape's name
came up as Harry's sponsor she quickly thought better of it. If that man knew
Harry was coming, had actually *sent* him, than he doubtlessly be double
checking or even triple checking his own reports. Since Lestrange had one up-
ed him into becoming Headmistress, he'd been obsessive about crossing every
't' and doting every 'i'.

Lestrange was exactly the opposite. Since her promotion, she'd been
increasingly lackadaisical in her duties. Although her sense of competition
with Snape had hardly dimmed. If the crazy hag didn't manage to off the other
man or humiliate him completely in Voldemort's eyes, than she doubted she'd be
calling Lestrange 'Headmistress' for long. As much as she despised Snape at
times, she despised Lestrange even more and at all times.

Merlin's beard, she hoped she could keep her Gryffindors out of *that* mess.
Both Slytherins were notorious for taking their frustrations out on her house,
for which she had little defense. They were favored by the Dark Lord, and she,
well, wasn't. Sure he had let her remain on as Gryffindor's head of house
without persecution for supporting Dumbledore during the war, but that had
been a political maneuvering in her favor. The students and parents were
familiar with her, trusted her, and her no-nonsense demeanor lead most to
respect her. She had been spared, not out of kindness, but to grease the
wheels for the new regime.

And that's how it all made her feel.

Greasy.

But if she could protect the children, ones like Harry who had no one left to
protect them, to fight for them, to face this degradation for them... She
could live with being a little greasy.

With a quick glance around the hallway, she ducked into a little nook and
began to read.
