# The Prince and the Grey Wolf

Harry knew he was being carried. He knew that whoever was carrying him
was not being at all careful or gentle with the task. He knew it was
starting to get dark.

Aside from that, he didn't have much clue as to what was happening. Any
attempt to follow a single line of thought was thwarted by the twenty
other unrelated thoughts that popped up to lead him astray. The world
titled and twirled, and he was powerless to right it, to even close his
eyes to the madness of it.

And then suddenly, someone spoke and his mind cleared.

Ruthlessly, he was dropped to the ground and kicked in the side. He let
out a cry and tried roll away, but someone else came from the other side
smashed a boot between his shoulders. His two attackers continued
kicking and stomping him mercilessly for a while longer, until Harry was
certain they intended to kill him like that. But they stopped abruptly,
and dragged him to his feet.

His body screamed in protest and he screamed along with it, but even
that was too painful. He could barely breath, his lungs pressed against
his injured ribs and collarbone, but he tried to beg them to stop. All
he could manage was a gaspy sound, and his captors ignored him.

He was dragged to a tree and thrown against it. Here he must have
blacked out for a moment, for when he opened his eyes again his hands
were around the tree and he was facing two very angry looking
Slytherins. Whitehall stood shoulder to shoulder with Morgenson,
sneering down at him, their wands poised.

"I can't believe this little shit beat us," Whitehall sneered.

"Beat *you*, you mean," Morgenson said, although he looked just as
displeased. "We would have won if you'd been doing your job and actually
*looked* for the stupid Snitch."

The Slytherin Seeker shoved the other boy harshly.

"*You* were suppose to have taken care of him during the match. That was
*your* job! Then you had to make everything worse and embarrass the team
in front of the Dark Lord!"

Morgenson shoved the other boy back, knocking him to the ground and
pointing his wand at him.

"At least I tried to defend our honor. You all just stood there like
nitwits, while our Lord payed homage to that mudblooded *GRYFFINDOR!*"

The two boys were quickly trading blows, temporarily forgetting Harry
for which he was grateful. Despite the lifting of the charm, a stunning
hex he believed, he was still a bit unclear about what was happening. He
had been kidnaped by these boys and taken to what appeared to be a
clearing in a very large expanse of forest.

It wasn't the Forbidden Forest, that much Harry knew. The trees were
younger and darkness within them was more natural. However, the cold
autumn night was fast approaching and the rising dark was quickly
becoming ominous. As distracting as the pain and cold was, Harry could
figure out that this strange place meant something bad was in store for
him. Little boys found dead in the woods wasn't such rare tale after
all, and it seemed the humiliated Slytherins had been inspired.

As if to confirm his sense of dread, a long mournful howl fell over the
woods. The Slytherin boys, who were both sporting bloody noses now,
suddenly stopped their squabbling to listen. Forgetting their argument
for the moment, Whitehall swallowed thickly and turned to his
co-conspirator.

"We should go."

Morgenson nodded in agreement. Together they turned and hurried further
into the clearing. The Slytherin Beater suddenly stopped though and
turned back to their victim. He stalked towards him, digging in his
pockets until he found a pocket knife. Harry stiffened and tried to move
away, but his bonds held tight.

"What are you doing?" asked Whitehall nervously as several howls joined
the first.

Morgenson drew close, his dagger now drawn, his faces inches from his
victim's. Harry could neither move nor breath, and fear rose up and
flowed out of his eyes in desperate tears. The older boy merely looked
down at him, his expression superior and merciless.

"Just making sure *they* find him."

Harry let out a soft, pained cry as the blade was dragged across his
hand. He could feel the warm blood welling up to flow down his chilled
fingers and soak into the ropes around his wrist. Morgenson smirked in
satisfaction, then turned to rejoin Whitehall.

There was a loud *pop* and then Harry was alone.

He was alone and he knew he was going to die. Horribly.

Whether by wild animals, cold, his injuries, or a combination of these,
it didn't matter. He would never be found. Hermione would cry. Natalie
would cry. Would the twins cry? They'd all cry their share of tears,
wonder at what had happened to him, and then they would move on with
their lives and he would be forgotten. His parents would be forgotten.

And all because Slytherins were sore losers.

The howls were getting louder and closer, as the night grew deeper.
Through the break in the clearing he could see the moon rising up from
the horizon, round and yellow. Well, *bloody hell*. Of course it was a
full moon. Letting him be killed by any means other than magic or
magical beast was obviously too *muggle* for the bloody pieces of dragon
excrement.

Steadily the howling drew closer and closer, and he couldn't help but
think that the creatures coming his way already knew he was there.
Surely they could smell it? Even in the cold air, Harry could smell the
sickly-sweet scent of his own blood. His body trembled from cold and
fear, and the pains in his body combined into one massive ache.

He wanted to scream. He wanted to cry. He wanted to curl up into warm
ball and just let it end. But he remained silent. Futilely he tugged and
twisted his bonds, fighting off the numbness and increasing his own
pain.

There was suddenly a shuffling sound behind him, a disturbance of dry
leaves. Harry froze. A twig snapped. His chest began to heave quickly,
disregarding the pain in his ribs.

He expected the werewolf to immediately lung out and bite him, but it
didn't. He could hear it sniffing about, making distinctive '*wuffing*'
noises, and pacing just behind the tree. It defied what Harry had heard
of werewolves. Werewolves were not like real wolves. They feared nothing
but silver, and would attack an entire band of armed wizards without a
second thought or run head first into a speeding carriage.

Harry was under no illusions. This particular werewolf might be timid,
but it was still going to kill him.

Finally, the beast moved from around the tree to investigate its
meal-to-come. Or at least, that was what Harry thought it was doing.
When the beast's golden eyes met his, Harry had a sudden feeling that he
was going to be alright. He had seen documentaries on werewolves in
DA&D, and seen their eternal bloodlust, but the eyes that stared back at
him were calm and curious and a bit confused.

"Help."

He hadn't even meant to speak, and he was almost as stunned as the
werewolf by his plea. Nevertheless, it moved around the other end of the
tree and after a few scratching sounds, the ropes gave and Harry
collapsed forward. He hissed, grinding his teeth. It hurt.

A cold, wet nose prodded him, urging him to his feet. Out of fear of
refusal and fear of being found, he obeyed and stumbled forward. The
werewolf hovered close, pressing its massive, warm body gently against
his, for support and guidance. The longer Harry spent with the creature
the more comfortable and relieved he felt, and the more certain he
became that it couldn't *really* be a werewolf. A shapeshifter of some
kind, a sentient magical creature that resembled a werewolf, or a
frolicking animagus of sorts (Clyde said he was going to try to get a
licence when he turned sixteen).

Quietly and as quickly as they could, they made their way deeper into
the forest. They stopped frequently to listen to the approaching howls,
trying to gage distance and time before they were found. His guide was
soon quickening his pace. Harry struggled to keep up, but he was
injured, cold, tired, and had only two feet compared to his companion's
four. The pseudo-werewolf whined, encouraging him, but he just couldn't
push himself any faster.

"I need somewhere to hide," he explained. "In a tree or a hole."

The other seemed to consider this, then lead him in another direction.
Harry hobbled as quickly as he could beside him, although it was
excruciating and made breathing almost impossible. He was lead into a
bramble, and to a small dark hole. Harry didn't think he could fit. He
wasn't even sure he wanted to risk the cramped space even if he could.
The decision was taken from him, when a series of ear-splitting howls
broke out mere fifty yards away. He scrambled into the hole, head first
and started to crawl.

There was snarl and an angry growl, followed by several more. Panicking,
Harry moved forward blindly, convinced at any moment he would become
stuck or something would grab his foot and drag him out. For a few
moments the earth seemed to tighten around him, making it impossible to
breath, and pain became secondary to the need for air as he scrambled
forward blindly. The tunnel suddenly widened into a tiny chamber. The
ground was damp, covered with leaves, and smelled strongly of animals.
If he kept his head down, he could sit up. He searched the darkness with
his hands, but the only exit was the tunnel he'd come down.

The sound of fighting and howling echoed into his sanctuary, and he felt
no inclination to leave. Instead, he laid himself down and curled up
tightly. Finally able to rest, he kept himself alert by listening to the
fighting outside. He wondered if his friend had gotten away safely, if
the werewolves knew he was in the hole and would attempt to dig him out,
and what Hermione was doing right at that moment.

How long the fight above him lasted, he didn't know. He woke up, not
realizing he had fallen asleep, and everything was quiet. The danger had
passed and his burrow was now warm from his body heat and decaying
leaves, and he fell asleep again.

When he awoke a second time, a faint glow of sunlight seeped into his
sanctuary. He was still tired, but hunger and a full bladder were now a
bigger concern than sleep. Stiffly, painfully, he crawled outside.

The day was still young and there was a thick frost on the ground. The
flattened bramble and splatters of blood around the hole's entrance told
the tale of a violent battle during the night. Although Harry wasn't
particularly religious, he spared a quick, sincere 'thank you' to the
Heavens that he had been safely out of the way of the carnage.

"Hello?" The call echoed through the forest, and the air rang with a
resonance of isolation and emptiness. *Where were the werewolves?*Harry
wondered. *They should be human by now, and ready to yell at me for
trespassing.*

Harry was quite willing to be yelled at (even by werewolves) if it meant
he would be returned to Wizarding World. Everyone would be worrying
about him by now. If he wasn't so relieved to have survived the night,
he would probably still be worrying about himself too.

After a brief pit stop, he went out to explore the forest and hopefully
find a way out of it. Defying his natural revulsion, he followed the
trail of blood in hopes of finding the human form of a werewolf. He
didn't have to travel far.

"Bloody hell."

Although he should have expected it, the sight of the very *naked* man
was startling. More startling than the strips of torn flesh and glaze of
blood- although not nearly as disturbing. The man lay face down in a
patch of long, frosted grass. For a mind numbing moment, Harry thought
he was dead.

Then a slight puff of fog escaped from his nose, followed after a moment
by another. Panicked, Harry quickly tore off his outer robe, ignoring
the pain it caused him and the nippy bite of the air.

"Sir, wake up," he begged, draping his robe over him, and finding it
much too small. "Please, wake up. You'll die if you stay here like
this."

He touched his shoulder timidly, and snatched it back when the werewolf
jerked and turned his head. His large brown eyes were frightened and
dazed. As they settled and focus on Harry, however, he seemed to
immediately relax.

"James?" he rasped. "Have I... have I finally died?"

Harry's heart nearly stopped. James? Could he possibly be mistaken as
his father or was this man delusional and speaking to a different,
unrelated James? Either possibility seemed too much of a coincidence,
but he pushed his confusion aside for later.

"No, Sir, but we have to get you some help or you might. Can you stand?"

The man didn't reply, lost in thought, then shifted about
experimentally. A muffled hiss and groan, and he resettled back down.
"No. I am too weak from the change."

"Are there others nearby? Perhaps your pack?"

"No, no..." the werewolf sighed, "They will have traveled back to the
homestead twenty miles from here... and in little better shape... than
I... right now."

The man's voice began to drift off and his eyes droop. Harry shook him,
trying to avoid his injuries. He grimaced and opened his eyes again.

"Is there anyone out here who can help us? Any thing? A house or
communication fire?"

"A cabin," the man said, his eyes beginning to clear. "There is an
outpost cabin about half a mile from here. There's a stable attached,
with a horse and a cart inside. Just go to the southern end of the
clearing and you'll find a path that takes you there. The password is
'Aechyron'."

"I will be back as quickly as I can!" he promised and sprang to his
feet. As he dashed away, he thought he heard the man say 'be careful
James', but it might have been his imagination.

---

The cabin was a cheery little place, surrounded by small trees and
overrun with vines. The shutters and doors were cast iron, but an inlay
of wolves and stags and wild beasts added charm to an otherwise
ominously practical feature. Connected to the house was a tiny stable,
more fortified than the house with only a few narrow slots for windows.
There were dents and scratch marks where werewolves and possibly bears
had attempted to get in, but the sturdy construction held them all at
bay.

Harry went to the stable first. The stable doors were held closed by a
strange locking mechanism, that looked like a silver bust of a wolf
placed over the door. When he had first reached for it, the wolf head
snarled and snapped at him, nearly taking a few fingers.

"Aechyron," he yelped. The guardian bust immediately went still and
lifeless, and he heard a faint click. Cautiously, he reached for the
door again. The silver wolf didn't move and the door opened to his
touch.

Inside was a small cart and a large horse. The dappled grey mare shifted
nervously, as Harry gathered up a harness and opened her stall. For
nearly fifteen minutes, Harry struggled to suppress his own fears of the
big animal and slip on a harness. It was hard. His collarbone felt
screamed in protest every time he moved his arms, limiting how much he
could move them. The mare danced around him as if afraid to be touched.
Finally, he let out a growl of frustration.

"Do you *want* your master to die out there, you silly nag?"

The horse suddenly stopped shying away and held perfectly still. Harry
felt just as surprised as she did. After a moment though, his sense of
urgency returned and he moved cautiously forward. The horse didn't move
as the boy gently touched and patted her neck, nor when he slipped on
his harness and lead her to stand in front of the little grey cart. She
remained perfectly stoic as Harry fussed and fumbled his way through
attaching the tackle and cart.

Finally, Harry lead the mare outside and secured her to the cabin. He
slipped inside (it was amazingly unlocked and unsecured!) and gathered
up anything he thought might be useful. He loaded his supplies on to the
cart and lead the mare as quickly as he could back to the wounded man.

He was still conscious and now shivering. Harry laid a large bear skin
rug beside the man.

"Can you roll over onto it, Sir?"

The man grunted and after a moment did manage to roll over. Harry
flinched at the sight of the claw marks across his chest and neck, and
quickly covered them with the many blankets and furs he'd gathered from
the cabin. He tucked him in snugly and gave him some water from a
canteen.

"Better, Sir?"

"Call me Remus. And yes, this is much better," he said, and looked ready
to fall right back to sleep. Before he did, however, he looked Harry
directly in the eye.

"You're James' son, aren't you? Harry? You look just like him. Except
for the eyes of course-"

"I have Lily's eyes. Everyone says that," he said exasperated, and yet
strangely thrilled. How many times had he heard that? Hold on. *Remus*.
That name was familiar. "You're not *Uncle* *Mooney*?"

But Remus had already drifted asleep. Reluctantly, Harry let him be. As
he began unloading the cart and making a sort of camp, his thoughts
became fixed on their mutual recognition. The name Moony was infamous in
the Potter house hold as one of James friends during his adventurous
school days, sneaking out late night to run wild on the grounds. Harry
had always assumed it was at a prestigious boarding school of the...
well, *normal* variety. Not a Wizarding school. And not with a werewolf.
What were the chances that he'd run into his second godfather in the
middle of the wilderness?

Well... considering his recent luck, rather high.

---

Remus woke early that evening, as the sun began to set. He was warm and
comfy (vague stinging sensation in his chest aside) and lonely.
Normally, during this time he would be at the homestead, enjoying a post
transformation lethargy with the rest of his pack. His pack mates would
all huddle close, patching each others wounds and talking of simple
things. Their alpha, Fenrir, would stalk between them and over them and
against them, counting and assessing each one. When he was finally
satisfied, he flop down in the middle of them and soak up their
affection for the rest of the night. For the next two or three days
everything would be peaceful and everyone would be content.

Now, though, Remus was alone. His family and friends were far away and
they could not reach each other for several days, if they even knew to
search for him.

"Are you hungry, Sir?"

He opened his eyes and met brilliant green and a familiar face.

"James?"

"We've been over this before, sir," came an amused reply.

"Harry."

The boy smiled. "How do you feel? I tried to patch you up a little while
you slept, but I don't think I helped much."

"I feel much better, don't worry. The *Wolfsbane* should have been
broken down by now, so my regenerative abilities should be kicking in.
I'll be healed, if a bit more scarred, by the end of the week."

"Wolfsbane? That sounds familiar, but...?"

"It's a potion that allows a werewolf to maintain its human mind after
transformation. My pack always has at least one who takes it, just in
case something like what happened last night occurs. What did happen by
the way?"

"Oh! So that *was* you. Thank you. You saved my life... and got hurt
because of it."

"Nonsense. I am glad I was able to save a human life, particularly a son
of James-"

"You *are* Uncle Mooney, aren't you? You have to tell me. Were my
parents Why wouldn't they tell me? Why hasn't anyone else told me?"
Harry said excitedly. Then his expression turned funny. "What an awful
nickname! Mom always did say Dad had no tact."

Remus burst out laughing, winced, and then started laughing again. The
boy had moved to sit beside him, and the light pressure against his side
and the half familiar scent did much to relax the werewolf.

"What are you doing here, Harry? The last I had heard James and Lily
had...they... in Germany somewhere almost four years ago. I thought for
sure you'd be safe learning wizardy at Swarzekeinen by now. You'd be
eleven now right? How on earth did you end up tied to a tree here?"

Harry gave Remus some canned stew he had heated in the fire to eat while
he explained the last six months (had it only been that long? It felt
like *years*) of his life; his abduction by WYRA and Snape, being a ward
of Hogwarts, Hermione, Nagini (not about being a Parselmouth though),
Voldemort, Ron, the broomstick incident, being the youngest Hogwarts
Seeker in a century, his victory, Whitehall and Morgenson, and finally
the attempt on his life. When he was done explaining, Remus could only
blink at him.

"And I thought your father had a knack for trouble. Dear Lord..."

"Professor McGonagall and Hermione say the same thing. Come to think of
it, I think Snape said something similar. Except of course he was utter
git about it. My classmates call me the 'Black Cat of Gryffindor', you
know."

"And you thought *my* nickname was tacky? That's awful. And to be
murdered by fellow *students*? Over a *Quidditch match*? If only
Dumbledore were still here... he never would have allowed such a thing
to happen."

"Remus, tell me why my parents left Britain. Why did ever tell me about
magic? Why no one told me the truth about them."

The werewolf seemed to consider his question a long time, then
eventually sighed.

"I don't know everything. I know that they were very frightened for you,
especially when the war seemed to turn irrevocably in the Dark Lord's
favor. Your father was an Auror, and a damn good one. He brought down
many of the Dark wizards, but when he needed protection the Ministry
copped out, and he had to go into hiding instead with you and your
mother. Dumbledore did his best to protect them."

Harry remained silent. He had heard of Dumbledore, of course. Professor
Toure had mentioned him. She had described him as a stubborn,
psuedo-plebian politician and anarchist. A man who endeared the lower
classes with temporary and cheap platitudes, while steadily degrading
the foundation of their society and culture. Harry just thought she
didn't like him because he'd stood against Voldemort during the war.

Perhaps she didn't like him because, apparently, he wasn't a dark wizard
either.

"He even set up a secret keeper so their house could never be found, but
they must have panicked and run. I don't blame them. If they hadn't
gotten out when they did, there would have been no escaping to the
continent. The Dark Lord managed to seal off the country shortly after
and then everything was lost. Even Dumbledore had to flee."

"He was your headmaster when you and my dad went to school, right? What
was it like?"

Finishing the last of his meal, Remus set it aside and thought carefully
for a moment.

"It was, by far, the most wonderful place I have ever been. What made it
even more so, was the fact that I shouldn't have been allowed to attend.
I had been bitten when I was still very young, and lycanthropy had been
apart of my life for years. By all law I shouldn't have been allowed
anywhere near other children. By law I shouldn't have been allowed to
exist," he spat bitterly.

"...I don't understand," Harry said, "Why wouldn't you be allowed to go
to school? You're only dangerous a couple hours out of the month... it's
not like it's your fault."

Remus smiled a bit at him, lifted his hand to rest it on Harry's cheek.

"So like your father. So ambivalent towards danger, towards social
expectation. You have no idea, do you? You are one of the very few
wizards who would willingly sit next to a werewolf, regardless of form.
You are of the even fewer who would do so, completely without fear."

Despite his words, Harry did not feel the slightest bit afraid. Remus
was a man, one his father had trusted as a friend for life. He had been
a wolf the night before, and had still honored his father's trust and
protected his son. How could he possibly turn away from him?

"Did my father sit by you without fear?"

Remus chuckled a bit. "Yes. Yes, he was the first to figure it out in
Hogwarts... and he never turned me away, he never ignored what I was
either, or made me feel ashamed of it. He and Sirius were the best
friends any man could hope for."

"Sirius? You mean Uncle Padfoot?... Where do you come up with these
names?"

"Simple, your first Godfather was an animagus... more specifically a
*dog* animagus."

"Oh!... Wait then, my dad's old school name... Antlers or something..."

"Prongs. And yes, he was an animagus too. A stag."

"... my dad sometimes called my mom 'my little vixen'..."

Remus laughed loudly at that.

"So totally unrelated?"

"Your mother wasn't an animagus, unfortunately. She and your father
didn't really get together until their last year at school together, and
he never told her about me until shortly after graduation. Your father
became an animagus in order to keep me company during the full moon, so
she didn't have a reason to learn. She had figured it out before, of
course. She was even smarter than James, but she never mentioned it to
anyone. I think she understood perhaps better than even your father or
Sirius did. Women are more empathetic than men after all."

He silent for a moment.

"I don't know why they never told you the truth or decided to live as
muggles. They might feared the Dark Lord would send assassins after
them. Perhaps they had come to despise their world and magic in general,
as so many of us have after witnessing how destructive it can be. I just
don't know. But I hope you they were happy. I hope you all were happy."

They continued to talk long into the night, until the night grew too
cold and Harry grew too sleepy. A bit timidly, the boy climbed under the
furs to lay next Remus. The werewolf didn't seem to think it odd at all,
and continued telling him stories of his father and mother and Sirius
and Snape (he was going to dump verisaterum in his tea at every
opportunity for having kept his origins a secret for so long) until
Harry drifted off. Remus remained awake for a long time afterwards,
staring down at him and wondering what life would have been like if Lily
and James *hadn't* fled.

Would they have died by Voldemort's hand? Would Harry? Or would Harry
have been spared? Raised in England by a pureblood family? Perhaps they
all would have been spared, taken in by Fenrir as he and Sirius had
been. Harry would have grown up a werewolf pup, no doubt with several
more siblings (no werewolf female seemed to be able to stop at one),
hunting and playing in the forest with Sirius and him and the pack and
Greyback.

A werewolf's life was not a bad life. Sometimes it was actually quite
wonderful. At least, nowadays.

Those futile, painfully beautiful dreams began to give way to dangerous,
selfish thoughts. How easy it would be to make at least *part* of those
dreams true. Harry had nearly been murdered, sacrificed for the hurt
pride of wretched dark wizard spawn. How could he send his and Sirius'
godson back to that? Wouldn't it be better to simply keep Harry here
with him and Sirius, his rightful family? Harry, James' cub, now his and
Sirius', to complete the family they never could on their own.

Mentally, Remus recoiled at his own thoughts. How utterly conceited and
selfish they were, he realized. Harry was a wizard with his whole life
ahead of him. His family may have been lost to him, but he had not let
it hold him down or back. It would be unforgivable to take away those
secret dreams that must have sustained the orphaned boy. For certainly,
being a werewolf likely wasn't one of them.

---

Remus was strong enough to climb into the cart the next morning, and out
of it again when they reached the cabin. With a little bit of help from
Harry, he managed to hobble to his bed and then collapse. He slept
through most of the day, waking up occasionally when his godson brought
him food, water, or checked his wounds. When he fully awoke that
evening, Harry was napping beside him.

The boy had changed out of his ruined school robes and into a set of
clothes he must have found in the werewolf's trunk. Harry was
practically swimming in his wool sweater, and a pair of suspenders were
all that kept his pants up. He looked like James after a shrinking hex.
He also looked extremely comfortable.

Reluctantly, he nudged Harry awake. The boy blinked owlishly at him and
sat up.

"What is it?"

"I think I should take you back to Hogwarts tomorrow," Remus said.

"Hm, what? Why? You're still weak from your injuries, and I'm not much
better."

"If I don't take you back tomorrow, you may never leave. My pack will
come looking for me tomorrow, and it wouldn't be a good thing if
Greyback is with them."

"Why not?"

"Because Greyback is territorial. You're too young for him to consider a
real threat, but old enough he'll hold you accountable for your
'folly'."

"Folly? I was kidnaped and thrown in his territory!"

"He won't care. The Wolf and Snake Treaty states very clearly that he's
within his rights to kill or turn any muggle or wizard, regardless of
age, status, or circumstance found within his designated territories.
You're a healthy, adolescent male. He'd turn you for sure, just as he
did me."

Harry remind very silent for a moment.

"Will I... I wanted... Do you suppose... we'll meet again? You and I...
and maybe Uncle Padfoot too?"

Remus smiled at him wistfully.

"I don't know. It seems unlikely, but then so is the chance that we
would ever meet at all. Perhaps this is fate, and if that's the case,
then we'll definitely meet again. Sirius too."

Harry searched his face, searching for a lie, but found only a
hopefulness that he couldn't bring himself to question. Instead, he
moved a bit closer to Remus and laid back down, his forehead pressed
lightly against his guardian's shoulder.

"Goodnight, Uncle Moony."

"Goodnight, Harry."

---

So Harry finally learned the truth, or at least part of it. Sirius is a
werewolf, but he won't make an appearance for some time. Go ahead and
ask me some questions. I'm sure this chapter has left you with a lot of
them.
