# The Maiden and the Dragon

Edgar did not return with Harry and the other boys that Saturday. Neither did
one of the six year old girls, but he had never met her. When they returned to
WYRA headquarters, Harry was surprised to find that the boy's bed and trunk
were gone, along with all his crayon drawings. None of the other boys
questioned this, and in fact seemed to think Edgar had some how beat them in a
game and cursed him good naturedly. For Harry, his disappearance was
devastating. That he or anyone of the children could simply disappear and not
a trace of them remain...

When everyone else had gone to sleep, Harry avoided his bed like the plague,
feeling some foul sort of enchantment had been placed on it to make him forget
Edgar, forget his parents, forget himself. He spent the entire night drawing
sketches of the missing child with colored pencils and crayons in the blank
pages of his student notebook. When he was done, he tore out the pages and hid
them in his book, along with the business card Kyle had given him. The
parallels between his new secret sketches and his old ones made him
simultaneously nostalgic and terrified. Surely his new life could in no way
resemble the drab, bitter existence he'd had at the Dursley's?

The next day proceeded as all the days previously had in a comfortable
routine. At night, Harry lingered behind the other boys, pretending to stay up
late reading until they all had gone to bed and were magically enchanted into
sleep. He would place stuffed animals underneath his covers and hide in the
bathroom until the final bed check of the evening around nine o'clock, and
then spend an hour or so sketching the other boys, or the staff, or the
Reigers, or anyone he could remember and then hide them away in his book. Then
he'd strip his bed of the pillow and comforter and sleep on the floor. His
sleep was light as it had always been at the Dursley's, and he always woke
earlier than the other boys so that he might make his bed and start his
bathroom routine early without anyone being the wiser.

Life continued in this strange cross of comfortable routine and intense
paranoia for three weeks. There were more adoption parties. Harry went ignored
and was glad for it. He never saw Kyle or Robert Reiger at any of them. He
wondered sometimes if they had adopted Edgar or perhaps the little girl he'd
never met. Norton was finally adopted to a congenial pair of witches whose
daughter had left for Redbridge and were looking for another child to open
their home and lives to. Harry was happy for Norton, who had seemed as
thrilled to be adopted as the witches had been to adopt him. At night, though,
he would think the blue room had begun to look so very empty.

A boy named Alfred turned up one day shortly afterward. He was the first black
boy Harry had seen at WYRA, and he was also the first child he had seen cry
for his mommy. He cried all day, wouldn't touch his food or take a nap, and
nothing the staff or the other boys did seemed to comfort him. When Alfred
woke up the next morning, he didn't shed a single tear and ate his breakfast
with as much enthusiasm as the other boys. Harry hadn't remembered feeling so
alone since he was eight.

June rolled around, although Harry wasn't sure of the exact date, and Miss
Marilyn pulled Harry into her office for a chat. At first, he was terrified at
the possibility of her finding out he hadn't been sleeping in his bed and that
she was going to take his sketches away. It didn't take long for her to
alleviate his fears.

"Professor Snape is going to be dropping by tomorrow," she began, pulling out
a file with his name on it. Harry frowned, thinking of the greasy bastard who
had tricked him and stolen his sketchbook. "He's going to administer a magical
aptitude test to determine your level of magic. Depending on how high you rank
will determine which school you will be going to. Either way, things are going
to get a bit hectic for you. After the test, you'll only have about a day or
two before you're sent to your new home. You'll attend a school sponsored
summer prep class with some other muggleborn children, and then attend proper
classes with pureblood children at the start of term. Usually September first.
Do you have any questions?"

Harry thought for a moment.

"Will it hurt? The test, I mean."

"No, Harold, it doesn't hurt at all," she said with a smile.

"... Can I take the book that you gave me? You know, in case I get confused
about something?"

"You know you'll get new, even better books at the school don't you?"

"Yes... but, those will be the *school's* books. I was wondering if I can have
the book. You know, so it would just be mine?"

Miss Marilyn gave him a compassionate smile. "I don't see why not. I have
extras and they're pretty out of date. Why not? You can keep your book,
Harold. I don't mind."

Harry gave her the brightest smile he could manage. "Thank you so much!"

---

All of the following morning and afternoon, Harry waited anxiously for Snape's
arrival and his subsequent test. He wished now he had asked his current
guardian when the man would arrive, but now it was too late. The woman was in
her office all day working on paperwork and organizing the details of the next
adoption party. Now all he could do was wait and wonder what exactly his test
would entail. Miss Marilyn had said it wouldn't hurt, but that didn't
necessarily mean it wouldn't be difficult.

Would it be a written test? Would he have to try to do some spells? Would one
of the staff doctors poke and prod him until they learned what they needed to
know? What if there had been a mistake? What if he wasn't a wizard at all?
What if some wizard or witch was playing a cruel joke and had caste a spell
through his open window that day at the Dursley's? What if *Dudley* had caste
that curse by accident and not him? Would he be sent back to the Durlsey's?
Would they erase his memories and abandon him in some muggle orphanage? Would
they dice him up into little bits and use him for dark rituals and potions
ingredients?

His mind swam with these thoughts, and any and all attempts to distract
himself failed to work for over a few minutes at a time. He paced during play
and study periods, fiddled with his food during breakfast and lunch, and
scanned his book from front to back in hopes of divining his future.

Finally, FINALLY, the time came and he was pulled away from dinner table by
Miss Marilyn and taken to another room he had never seen before. It was large
study with a giant fireplace, walls lined with enormous tomes, and set of
comfortable looking chairs . A girl, no older than him, sat in one of the
plush violet chairs already. She had spikey black hair with a tuff of purple
running through her bangs, and wore a dark violet dress, black knee-high
socks, and heavy black boots. She was the most normal looking girl he had seen
in a month.

"Who are you?" she asked suspiciously, eyeing his bland clothing and wild hair
critically.

"Harry Potter. And you?" He took the unoccupied seat across from her, and
tried not to fidget.

"Emily White. Did they kidnap you too?"

Inside, Harry cheered. Finally, someone who thought of this entire matter as
kidnaping. Really, how old did you have to be to figure this out?

"Yes, almost a month ago. Did they just pick you up?"

Emily visibly relaxed, although she looked suddenly confused.

"Yes. My family and I were going on holiday to France, and we were taking the
ferry across the channel, but then... something happen. I remember going over
the rail and then I remember landing in my bed at home, but I can't remember
what happened in between."

"Sounds like you apparated by accident" Harry offered.

"Apparated? Is that a magic thing? I didn't even have an hour to try to sort
things out when these...*people* just burst into my house and dragged me here.
They kept saying they were wizards and witches, and they did such strange
things, and they said I was a witch too but that's impossible. I can't do
magic like they could."

"Apparition is a sort of magic. Have you always lived in England?"

"Magic? Me do magic? No way, no way. That's awesome! Mum and Dad are gonna
flip!"

"Um... Emily..."

"Oh, no! I completely forgot about them! They probably think I'm at the bottom
of the channel by now! Do you think the weird wizardy people got a hold of
them? How did they even *know* I did magic to begin with? Hey, could my
parents do magic too, do you suppose? Perhaps, they know what happened already
and they called them to come pick me up?"

"No, Emily, listen..."

"Is this a sort of... I dunno... magical police station? You know, in case
children accidently apparate away by accident? Is that what happened to you?
Are you waiting for your parents too?"

"Emily, my parents are dead."

The gabby girl's mouth finally shut with a audible snap. She gave him a
sheepish, apologetic look before saying speaking again at a more reasonable
rate.

"I'm sorry, Harry. Listen to me blathering away, but it's just so exciting.
This has to be the biggest adventure I've ever had, maybe the biggest one I'll
ever have in my life, ya know? But, if you're parents are... you know, then
what are you doing here."

Mentally, Harry cursed WYRA and the predicament they had just put him in. How
was he suppose to explain all this to a girl no older than himself? He didn't
even understand half of what was going on! Bloody insensitive bastards! He
came here for a test, not... not... grief counseling!

"I...um... well... it's um... It's an orphanage... of sorts. Well,
technically, it's an adoption center since...well... no one here's really an
orphan... except me, of course, but I had relatives looking after me... so...
really, it's a kidnaping center... kidnaping and adoption center... They'll
never let you see your family again...Er..."

"WHAT?!"

She was on her feet in an instant, racing for the door. She tried the knob,
but it held fast. She kicked at the door, lightly at first and then with full
blown karate kicks but it wouldn't budge. She screamed and hissed and cried
and begged. Finally, she was reduced to sobbing and turned back towards Harry
who stood helplessly watching her from behind his chair.

"How can they? How can they just take me away from my mum and dad? What are
they going to do with me? I can't... I can't do anything with out them..."

Harry timidly walked towards her, afraid at any moment she might lash out at
him like she had the door, but he had barely reached for her when she suddenly
leapt into his arms. She clung to him tightly, sobbing into his shoulder even
though she was probably and inch or two taller than him. He hugged her
awkwardly, unsure of what to say or do, but she didn't seem to care. Finally,
she collected her self, a sniffling she pulled away to search for kleenex and
trying to ignore everything else, including the boy she had cried on for ten
whole minutes. Harry let her go, and just as he took his seat the study door
opened.

Snape stalked in, his beaked nose and black robes making him look more like a
vulture than Harry remembered. The vulpine man glanced at them both and
sneered.

"Of course. A starving artist and a drama queen. I always manage to get the
*fun* cases."

"You!" Emily began, snapping out of her distraught state in order to point an
imperial finger at him. "I demand you bring me home at once! My family-"

Snape's wand came into his hand with a fluid familiarity of a maestro with his
baton. He made a single gesture and Emily was suddenly silent. She kept
talking, angrily by the looks of it, but Harry could not hear a thing she
said. Though as she seemed to realize something had been done to her, he could
guess at the rush of foul things she was spitting out at him. Snape merely
regarded her with his usual smirk.

"Ms. White, your family believes you are quite drowned and will thus not be
looking for you. You should mark yourself lucky. You at the very least, have a
family that will remember your existence with some, no doubt exaggerated,
fondness. A benefit no other muggleborn here can claim."

This silenced Emily for real, and she marked him with angry, but silent
regard. Harry frowned angrily at the man, both for his insensitivity to the
girl and-

"I want my book back."

Snape regarded him with a vaguely curious look. "I am surprised, Mr. Potter,
that you can even recall said item after a month at WYRA. So either the memory
charms are starting to weaken, you have a one track mind, or... you haven't
been sleeping like you should."

Harry squirmed a bit under his dark gaze. He was unsure how the memory of his
book might have exposed the avoidance of his bed. He also wasn't sure how to
take the confirmation of the fact that spells were being used against him and
the other children.

"I want my book," he said by way of distraction.

"Of course you do," Snape said, moving away from both children so that he
might set his bag on the study's desk. He gestured towards Emily, and she let
out a loud, audible gasp. "Unfortunately for you, it has already been
destroyed, as per WYRA regulations. You had best forget about it and any other
misguided attachments you may have formed in your previous life. It is time
for you to keep focused on your future, and not your past, or you may find
yourself without either. The wizarding world is not a kind, safe place despite
the impression this... *facility *might have given you.

"Now come," Snape continued, setting a two vials of clear blue liquid and an
instrument that reminded Harry of those toy recorders they handed out in
elementary music class. "We all have more important matters to attend. Miss
White, you first."

Emily glowered at the dark man, but her posture was more wary than aggressive.
She looked quite prepared to stay exactly where she was, and Harry pondered if
she wasn't a bit spoiled.

"*Now* *Ms. White!*" the man snarled, making both children jump.

Harry, seeing that Emily was now stuck out of genuine fear and not just
stubbornness, took her by the hand and walked her over to the desk. Snape
sneered, and both gave him twin glowers.

"Drink this." He handed Emily one of the blue vials.

"What is it?"she asked.

"Even if I explained it to you, you would be too ignorant to understand. Now,
stop wasting my time and drink it."

"It could be poison."

Snape smirked at that. "Yes, that's true. Now drink."

Emily turned to Harry, who could only shrug. Reluctantly, she uncapped the
vial and took a swig. And just as quickly, spit it back into the vial.

"UGH!!! That's awful!"

"Oh for the love of Saint Francis, why do I work with children? You have to
SWALLOW it, Ms. White. Imperio!"

Harry bolted out of the way as Snape lifted his wand, shouting out his spell
at the girl. Emily jerked once, stiffened, and then relaxed. Her dark brown
eyes turned glassy and when she drank the potion a second time she did not
even grimace. Snape nodded in approval, apparently to himself, and glanced
over at Harry.

"Pay attention, Mr. Potter, this is one of the most notorious spells of the
wizarding world. The Imperius curse. A spell so powerful it can subvert the
will of almost any it is cast upon. I say almost any, because the ironic truth
of the matter is that if a witch or wizard is powerful enough to cast it, they
are powerful enough to fight it off. Ms. White, clearly is not powerful
enough. Ms. White, blow into this."

Snape handed her the recorder-like instrument, and she did as she was
instructed. The instrument gave off a dull whistle, and small white peg popped
out of one of the key holes. Snape took the instrument, and smirked.

"As I thought, a low 4th level ranking. Barely more than a squib. Finite
incantatem!"

Emily let out loud gagging cough, and Harry rushed back to her side to see if
she had been hurt. She didn't seem any worse for ware, although she seemed
desperate to get that awful taste out of her mouth.

"What happened?"

"As much fun as I am sure Mr. Potter is having witnessing the assortment of
spells I have been casting on you, it is his turn, and I recommend you go sit
down quietly over there."

Emily gave him a nasty look, but then she was already looking green, and did
as she was told without protest. Harry looked towards her and then back at
Snape, who held out another blue vial. He briefly considered refusing, but the
thought of being under the other man's control- literally and not just
figuratively- prompted him towards obedience. He accepted the bottle, and
plugging his nose he swallowed it quickly.

It tasted like spoiled milk and kool-aid. He started to gag immediately, but
nothing would come up. After a few moments, he regained control himself. Snape
handed him the instrument and he blew into it. Once again a white peg
appeared, this time in a key hole farther up. Snape regarded it critically for
a moment, and then turned his dark glare towards Harry. The boy felt a surge
of panic, wondering what he could have possibly done wrong and what sort of
curse the greasy bastard was going to throw at him because of it.

"Mr. Potter, have you ingested any potions recently? Perhaps some given to you
by the medi-wizard? Or picked something up, a curious bauble or unusual plant
from one of the parties?"

"...I don't think so... Why?"

"Your magical reading is unusually high."

"So... the Imperial curse won't work on me?"

"Don't flatter yourself. And it's the Imperius curse, not the *Imperial*
curse. The Imperial curse involves a generational contraction of very
unpleasant venereal disease."

"..."

Snape let out a frustrated sigh and threw his instruments and empty vials back
into his bag with enough force that something should have broken, but didn't.
He reached in and pulled out two pieces of parchment. He handed one of the
letters to Harry and then thrust the other in Emily's hand. He then stalked
towards the door, his black robes billowing out like a malevolent shadow. Just
before he stepped out of the room he turned sharply to Harry.

"Congratulations on your acceptance letter, Mr. Potter," he snarled, "I look
forward to seeing you at the start of term!"

The door slammed shut.

The room fell into a deep silence, a calm in the wake of Hurricane Snape. With
a vaguely horrified expression, he turned to Emily for some sort of sanity.
She gave him a tired, sickly grin.

"Better you than me."
