# The First Quest

"I think I did alright, but there was that one question about the Founders.
Perhaps I should have written a little more on Slytherin, rather than
Gryffindor. I mean there wasn't a lot of space left, but I could have fit in a
sentence or two about his-"

"Hermione, give it a rest!" lamented Clyde. "You did fine. I'd bet my wand you
did the best in the class. So just stop!"

Harry nodded in agreement. While he had been stressing the last two weeks as
much as she had been, once it was all over he was feeling much more confident.
The questions had been fairly basic, considering all the research and reading
they had done, and he wasn't absolutely dreading his future.

"Sorry," she said, "It's just-"

"Important that we get into Hogwarts-" Clyde continued.

"So that we can prove we are real wizards-" Natalie muttered.

"Despite our muggle heritage," finished Harry. "We *know* Hermione."

"Sorry."

They were spared further worrying by Professor Timbal stalking into the
classroom, tossing down envelopes with their names on them.

"These are your test scores. You will open them at home. For those of you who
may have failed, I don't want to witness the utter defeat of your self-worth.
It's usually a big, loud mess and the rest of us still have more important
things to do," he stated coldly. Reluctantly, they all set their letters
aside, although they drew many longing and dreading stares.

It was Friday and normally they would have a test, but since they had already
taken the most important test of the summer and the start of term was next
week, their lesson plan took another route. Instead, Mr. Timbal went ahead and
outlined the final field trip on Saturday.

"You will arrive here at the usual time, with your permissions slips in hand
as usual. You should have on you at least forty galleons to purchase your wand
and other school supplies, but I recommend ten or twenty more just in case."

The class broke out into excited murmurings, but their professors dark look
quickly silenced them all.

"You will be divided into five groups, and escorted by a Hogwarts professor
via floo to each shop. I recommend being on your best behavior, as this will
give your future teachers their first impression of you. And no wandering off!
These are Hogwarts professors, so they can and will assign you real detentions
even before term starts if you make yourself a nuisance. Afterwards, you will
all return here. You may do what ever you want after that. Any questions?'

Harry reluctantly raised his hand, but didn't need to speak a word before
Professor Timbal pre-empted him.

"You are a ward of the school, Mr. Potter. Unless the headmistress, and later
your head of house, forbids it, you automatically have permission to attend
school related programs. You are also given a generous line of credit through
the school to pay for your supplies and personal affects, but you *will* be
expected to pay it off within ten years after you graduate. Does that answer
your question?"

"Yes, sir. Thank you, sir."

"Any other questions? Then we are done here."

With that, Professor Timbal disappeared through the door. All of the students
turned to one another, rather perplexed. No one got a chance to speak the
questions they were all thinking when all of sudden their classroom
disappeared. Everyone was suddenly on the dusty ground, staring up at the
clear summer sky. Groaning, they all climbed to their feet.

"Rude, much?" griped Natalie, brushing herself off.

Everyone grumbled their agreement, even Hermione who was notorious for being
over generous with teachers. Of course, her inkwell had landed all over her.
As everyone began to recollect themselves, many of them started to take notice
of their letters, scattered about. Several of them started opening their
letters right away, Harry included.

"You know you're not suppose to open that yet, don't you Harry?" Hermion said.

"No, he said we weren't to open them until we got home. Technically, the
school is my home so..." Grinning he opened his envelope and pulled three
pieces of paper out. The first piece was his E.L.F. score. "Huh, I got an
excellent. Oh wait, there's a note at the bottom."

Harry read it to himself and let out a rueful laugh, handing it off to
Hermione who read it and gave him an equally rueful expression. "'You would
have gotten an 'Outstanding' if your handwriting wasn't so atrocious. Keep
practicing'? *Harry*."

"It's not my fault I don't have enough practice with a quill," Harry pointed
out. "Open yours. I want to see if they gave you a little note."

Despite her earlier protests, Hermione opened hers eagerly. She scanned it
smiling at first, then frowning as she reached the bottom of the page. Harry
leaned over to read the note at the bottom of hers.

"'You are a wealth of information, and I am certain you will do well at
Hogwarts. However, please learn to write more concisely.' Yeah, that sounds
about right."

She smacked him on the shoulder. "I was just being thorough!"

"Hermione, given unlimited paper space and time, you would turn a test
question into a textbook," Natalie said, coming up to stand beside them.

"How did you do?" Harry asked. She smiled slyly at them.

"Outstanding, of course."

"Any comments?"

"'It's Salazar Slytherin, not Salazar Slyverian and Rowena Ravenclaw, not
Rowanda Ravenclaw. Please learn to spell people's names properly.' Oops!"
Harry laughed at that, and Hermione scowled, probably on the sheer principle
of the thing. "What about you, Clyde? Destined for candle wax and broom
straw?"

"I passed!" Clyde said, grinning broadly, showing off his 'Average'. "Barely,
but I passed."

"Clyde!" All three said in unison.

The other boy just grinned more broadly. "I'll see you all tomorrow! I'm going
to go celebrate!"

Gradually, they all departed, Harry making plans with the two girls to have a
butterbeer at Hogsmeade after their shopping trip the next day.

Saturday morning arrived gloomy and overcast, but it did little to thwart
Harry or his friend's good moods. Everyone arrived early to their usual
meeting place, now completely devoid of their classroom tent. They didn't wear
their students robes either. In fact, many of them were dressed particularly
nice that day.

Natalie was looking a bit like a French princess in her white velvet dress and
hair tied up in blue ribbons. Hermione, while more practically dressed in a
lavender cotton sun dress, was looking equally elegant with her hair tied up
in elaborate braids and held in place by an ornate silver and opal hair pin
and matching bracelet. Harry and Clyde (both similarly dressed in nice slacks,
button-up shirts, and vests) could only stand there and gape at how pretty all
their female classmates had made themselves for some simple shopping.

"Egad, I forgot they were *girls*," Clyde said, watching a girl dressed in a
pink silk blouse black skirt pass by him with a wink and a smile.

"The robes kinda do that," Harry said.

"Boys!" Hermione said, rolling her eyes. Natalie merely smirked and threw them
both a kiss.

"Hey! The teachers are coming!"

They all turned towards the castle to see a group of five wizards and witches
making their way towards them. Harry scowled as he recognized the distinct
profile of Professor Snape, who lead the procession along with Professor
McGonagal. The other professors he didn't recognize, and he was certain he
would have remembered them if he had. One of them was a middle-aged gentleman
in a pointed cap, who had so much trouble keeping his eyes open that Harry
wasn't certain how he hadn't fallen on his face. Another was a very short
elderly man with pointed ears, and Harry couldn't help but wonder if he wasn't
a dwarf. The third was a woman so dark, she had an almost purplish hue, and
walked with the grace of a stalking panther with the golden eyes to match.
When the teachers had reached the cluster of students, McGonagal stepped
forward to address them.

"I am Professor McGonagal, this is Professor Snape, Professor Flitwick,
Professor Quirrel, and Professor Toure," she said, pointing to each professor
as she introduced them. "We will be escorting you all on this venture. We
expect you all to behave yourselves like mature ladies and gentlemen, and any
behavior that reflects badly on the school will be disciplined most harshly."

There was a great deal of discomfort at her stern warning. She did not look
like a woman to be crossed, nor did Snape or Toure. Harry crossed his fingers
and hoped he got placed with either Quirrel or Flitwick, or at the very least
not Snape.

"There are some simple rules we expect you to adhere to. First and foremost,
do not wander out of sight of your escort. If you wish to go to a particular
store or a back room, you must first ask their permission. There will be
absolutely no fighting, stealing, or mischief. You will be held responsible
for your own money, so be sure to keep it in a safe place on your person at
all times and make sure you buy all your supplies before you spend it all on
non-essential items. Additionally, you are not permitted to purchase any pets.
While Hogwarts does permit owls, rats, toads, non-venomous snakes, and cats,
your parents will be the ultimate authority on whether or not you may have
one. Now, as each professor calls your name, please gather into a line in
front of them and then we can be on our way."

With that, she pulled out a list from her pocket and began to read off names.
Hermione went to stand with her, along with Clyde. Each teacher began calling
on their intended wards, and as each teacher finished, Harry was filled with
increasing dread as he stood, the last of four other students before the only
teacher who hadn't bothered calling anyone. Snape sneered down at them,
sparing the largest portion of his vitriol for Harry.

"If you know what's good for you, you will not make a sound through the
entirety of this excursion. Is that clear?"

The other four nodded quickly, and Harry just glowered at him. Snape seemed to
consider him a moment, debating if he should cause trouble for Harry's lack of
response or not. He apparently decided against it, and turning about he
stalked after the other departing professors towards Hogsmeade. From Hogsmead
they took the floo (the very least favorite form of travel Harry had
encountered by far) in the fire place of The Three Broomsticks, and exited in
a bustling floo station. Without a word, Snape exited the station, and he and
his group scrambled after him to keep up.

They first stopped at a potions supply store called Potions and Powders, where
they were given ten minutes to gather their cauldrons, scales, dragon-hide
gloves, crystal vials, and some basic potions ingredients. Harry just barely
managed to collect his intended items. He was perpetually distracted by the
many strange objects. Jars of preserved animal specimens, vials of strangely
colored sands or dirt, a particularly vicious set of instruments.

They were then hurried to Banikey's Books. Again they were given a mere ten
minutes to gather their supplies. Luckily, Harry ran into Hermione there, who
merely handed him all of her supplies.

"At this rate, we'll be done in less than an hour," Harry said. "I was looking
forward to looking around."

"Yes, he is being a bit inconsiderate," Hermione agreed. "He's usually not
this bad, but he never did like large crowds."

"What?"

Hermione gave him a smirk. "Didn't I tell you Professor Snape is my brother's
and my Godfather?"

"What?!"

"Potter! You have two minutes to purchase your supplies or your walking back
to Hogwarts!"

Harry turned a disbelieving look towards the older man and then an even more
disbelieving look towards Hermione. His thoughts whirling with the potential
implications and sheer ludicrousness of the situation, he was barely aware
when Hermione dragged him over to the register to purchase his items, and only
came back to himself when Snape grabbed him by the collar and dragged him out
the door.

"Get your hands off me!" Harry snarled, jerking out of the man's hold, barely
keeping his balance or hold on his supplies.

"Watch your tone, Potter," Snape snarled right back. "I'll tolerate none of
your juvenile sass, is that understood?"

"Perfectly, Professor." Although his tone was far from commiserating, the man
let it go once again in favor of stalking off. With the man's back turned,
Harry rolled his eyes and jogged after him with the rest of his troupe. They
passed several shops along the way, and Harry caste longing glances at the
strange items proudly displayed through the storefront windows. But Snape did
not stop or slow his pace, and soon they were standing before a rather shabby
and narrow little shop. The sign read 'Ollivander's: Maker of Fine Wands since
382 B.C'.

Harry felt a sudden, giddy rush. This was it. This was where he would obtain
the defining tool of all wizards and the means to find that innate power
buried somewhere inside himself.

Snape, amazingly, seemed to share his opinion of the importance of the event
and regarded the little shop with a certain degree of reverence. He turned to
his wards, glaring at them darkly.

"Pay attention," he commanded, "This will be one of the most significant
moments of your lives. A moment when you pass from being latent magical
entities into actively magical ones. Your wand will become an extension of
yourself, of your magic, and no other wand will work as well your first. With
that thought in mind, Mr. Ollivander, the man who makes all this possible,
will be given the utmost respect. Any delinquent or rude behavior and you will
be sent home without a wand, and explain to your parents why that is so."

Snape looked directly towards Harry. "And don't think that gives you free
reign to behave however you like, Mr. Potter. As a ward of the school you will
answer directly to *me*."

Harry clenched his fists, but said nothing, meeting that oppressive stare
straight on.

"You will enter the shop one at a time, in order to prevent any accidents.
Once you have obtained your wand, there will be absolutely NO careless wand
waving. Your wand will come with a case, and you *will* *not* remove it until
September first. Am I absolutely clear?"

"Yes, professor," Harry sighed, and the rest quickly followed.

"Ms. Westfield, you're first!"

With that Snape and the tow-headed girl disappeared into the shop. Harry and
the others fidgeted for a while, before forming into a little cluster to talk
amongst themselves. Harry pulled out his pocket watch frequently. Every time
he did, he would be suddenly reminded that *Snape* was *Hermione's* godfather.
Ugh.

About fifteen minutes after Westfield nervously entered the shop, she came out
practically glowing. She gripped her wand case tightly to her chest and was
grinning like a lunatic.

"10 inches white oak, and griffin feather," she said proudly. "It's your turn
Jacob."

And so it went, and much to Harry's frustration and very little to his
surprise, he was the last to be called on. It was nerve racking. Although they
would only be gone for ten to fifteen minutes each, he felt like he was on
some invisible timer. As if Snape would leave after exactly one hour,
regardless of whether Harry had his wand or not.

He tried to occupy himself by looking through his textbooks, looking for
spells he wanted to learn, but it only reminded him that he needed his wand to
cast any of them. He finally settled on his potions book, which very rarely
required a wand. He read the first chapter on the first fundamental principles
of potion making for the next hour, still checking his watch often, when the
last of the other students exited the shop.

"Your turn," they said, going over to gossip with the others. Eagerly, Harry
left his supplies with the others and entered the shop. It was gloomy inside
as it was out, with an air of antiquity that rivaled all else he had seen
before. The walls were lined with open cubby holes, each containing long
narrow boxes. There was a single wing-backed chair, inhabited by Snape who
regarded him cooly, and beside him stood the most unnerving individuals Harry
had ever seen. He was elderly, sort of frail looking, but his eyes were ice
blue and sharp as knives. The air around him seemed thicker, wavering yet not.
Harry felt the air reach out and touch him, and shivered.

"You are Mr. Potter?"

"Yes, Mr. Ollivander," he said, thoroughly unnerved. The man's gaze lingered
for a long moment before he turned away and headed for the shelves.

"Stand on the stool there," he said. No sooner had Harry done as he was told,
than a miniature tape measure came zipping up to him. On its own it began to
take measurement, none of which the wand-maker seemed to be paying any
attention to. It measure his height, the width of his shoulders, the size of
his feet, the circumference of his head, and strangely the distance between
his nostrils. "Which is your wand hand?"

"Er... I'm right handed." The measuring tape then went to work measuring the
length of his fingers, distance from wrist to elbow, armpit to floor, and so
many other random distances Ollivander continued to ignore.

"Right then, that's enough," the tape measure crumpled lifeless to floor. "Try
this one. Beechwood and dragon heartstrings. Nine inches. Nice and flexible.
Just take it and give it a wave."

Harry accepted the wand, and feeling extremely foolish under Snape's ominous
regard, and waved it around a bit. Immediately the wand was snatch out of his
hand.

"Maple and phoenix feather. Seven inches. Quite whippy. Try-"

Harry tried, but that too was snatched from him even faster than the first.
And that was how it went. He tried all sorts of wands. Unicorn hair, phoenix
feather, dragon heartstrings. Hard woods, soft woods, and woods from distant
lands. He tried short, long, flexible, and rigid. Yet no matter what he tried,
nothing was quite right. As they started approaching half an hour, a sort of
despair settled around Harry. For every wand that rejected him began to feel
like a personal failure. His only consolation was that Ollivander only seemed
to become more enthused with the hunt, and not the least bit discouraged.

"Tricky customer, eh? Not to worry, we'll find the perfect match here
somewhere- I wonder, now. Why not try this one? Holly and phoenix feather,
eleven inches, nice and supple. Here-"

Harry took the wand. He felt a sudden warmth in his fingers. His arm lifted,
almost of its own accord, and came down in a powerful swish. Gold and red
sparks flew out of the end like fireworks, sending the whole store dancing
with light and shadows. In his chair, Snape's grip on the armrests tightened.
Mr. Ollivander smiled in pure bliss and cried, "Bravo! Yes, indeed, very good.
I've waited a long time to find the owner of that wand! I made this wand
almost seventy-five years ago. The phoenix that donated the feather only gave
two. I knew then those wands would be something special. And I was right.
Within twenty years, its brother had risen in infamy along with its master.
That fifty years should pass before its equal could be found. How remarkable!"

"Ollivander, you overstep your bounds," Snape suddenly hissed, jumping to his
feet. "To even suggest this...*boy* might somehow be *His* equal."

Harry, his insides feeling as light as air, and his fingers tingling felt
suddenly invincible and turned to both men. "And who's the owner of the other
wand?"

Snape did not reply, and amazingly he even looked away from Harry. Ollivander,
on the other hand, grinned and fixed him with a pale stare.

"I remember every wand I've ever sold, Mr. Potter. Every single wand. Your
wand's brother- Yew, phoenix feather, thirteen-and-a-half inches- just so
happens to belong to the most powerful wizard in Britain. Curious, indeed, how
these things happen. The wand chooses the wizard, you know... I think we must
expect great things from you, Mr. Potter... After all, You-Know-Who did great
things- terrible, but great."

---

Harry sat in the Three Broomsticks at Hogsmeade, looking into his butterbeer
and wishing there was actual alcohol in it. His wand was tucked into its thin
leather case under his shirt. There was a strange feeling emanating from it,
luring Harry to take it into his bare hands again. It was a feeling that
promised *magic*. He could do anything once that bit of wood and feather was
in his hand... just like Voldemort had.

"Jeez, Harry, you're not still sulking are you?" Natalie mocked, interrupting
his dark thoughts. "I know Snape was an utter prat, but you'll have other
opportunities to go shopping in Daigon Alley. I didn't think boys even *liked*
shopping."

Hermione, of course, was quick to come to his defense... or argue with
Natalie. One of the two.

"Don't be sexist, Natalie. Besides, Harry's never been to Daigon Alley,
remember?"

Natalie waved off the logic with her usual feminine grace.

"Don't worry about it," Harry said, smiling weakly. "There's always next
year."

"Hey," Clyde said, wiping away his foamy mustache, "We won't need our teachers
as escort next year. We should all go out together and show Harry around.
It'll be a riot."

Natalie grinned and lifted her mug. "I'll drink to that. What do you say,
Harry? Hermione? Shall we all go together next time?"

This time his smile was a bit more real, and he lifted his mug. Hermione and
Clyde lifted theirs, and they clinked them together and took a drink... and
kept drinking. Whether they'd planned it that way or not, once they'd started
Natalie and Hermione had somehow turned it into a contest, one which Clyde
seemed more than willing to compete in and Harry wasn't going to be left out
of. There was few seconds of silence and they gulped down the sticky liquid,
and then...

"Ha!" Clyde cried, slapping his mug down, "I wi- *BLEEEELCH.*"

Hermione choked on her glass. The boy winced, patting his chest. "Crikey, that
actually *hurt*/"

The rest of them burst out laughing, causing Natalie to let a considerably
smaller belch of her own, sending them all into even harder laughter. As Harry
sat there in the little pub, sitting between his friends and trying not to
shoot butterbeer through his nose, he felt the uncertainty of the day fade
away. Harry Potter, he knew, was no Voldemort. Voldemort more than likely had
never sat amongst muggleborns and halfbloods in a pub, belching and laughing
like a loon. Surely, the Dark Lord had never felt this feeling Harry felt now.
The feeling that he was in one of those perfect moments of time, ones he hoped
he would always remember, because everything was so vivid and warm and
beautiful.

Which was why he could never tell them. Not about his wand or what Ollivander
had said about it. If there was ever to be perfect moments like this again,
then he could never reveal to them that some part of him echoed of the British
wizarding dictator. Natalie probably wouldn't have cared, may have even found
it cool, but Hermione would pry and poke and worry and doubt. He didn't know
what Clyde would do, but their friendship was still tentative and their bond
easily broken even without this bit of knowledge.

It would just be a secret between him and Snape, who didn't look like he
wanted to admit it to himself let alone anyone else, and Ollivander, who
didn't seem the type to gossip. No one else would ever have to know.

Ever.

---

*This was the sort of thing that may potentially get a man killed or have no consequence whatsoever*.

That was what Snape thought as he made his way to the dungeons to begin his
report on that day's visit to Ollivander. The visit had gone as smoothly as it
always did, each of his young charges to petrified of him to cause trouble, as
they procured all they would need for the coming school year. He would never
admit it to anyone, but he did take some enjoyment from his yearly
appointments with Ollivander. There was something strangely exhilarating about
seeing a child obtaining their first wand, the first conscious flush of power
streaming through their small bodies, that look of epiphany on their innocent
faces. *Yes, child, that is magic. And you thought you knew, didn't you?*

And of course, Potter just had to go and ruin it.

Well, perhaps not ruined it. His reaction had been just as exhilarating as
everyone else's, perhaps more so when the sparks illuminated those brilliant
green eyes and memories of another overlaid the reality of the moment. Lily's
joy of her magic had never faded in all the time he had known her, and he
briefly wondered if Harry would be like her or if that joy wouldn't fade into
the arrogance of his father?

So, Ollivander had to go and ruin it.

Telling an eleven year old boy and him, one of Voldemort's own henchmen, that
he may be the magical counterpart in the Dark Lord. Of all the stupid...

Now Snape had to deal with it, and it all broke down into two choices. One, he
kept it a secret. There were two eventual outcomes of this decision, the most
optimistic being that no one found out and nothing happened, and the other
(and more likely outcome) was some one finding out and his possibly being
accused of treason and dying horribly. Two, he could tell the Dark Lord.
Option two had two outcomes as well. Optimistically, the Dark Lord wouldn't
care and at most have the child observed for undue ambition. Realistically, he
*would* care and have the child either killed as a potential competitor or
brought into the fold of his dark court to be used as the wizard saw fit.

Snape wasn't sure what was worse. Lily's child being killed, Lily's child
working beside him as Voldemort's pawn, or himself being dead.

Decisions, decisions.

*Unless...*

Snape smiled wickedly. Perhaps, he was looking at this the wrong way. After
all, it's only a secret if he doesn't *tell* anyone, and it's only dangerous
if *Voldemort* is the one to learn about it. All he had to do was tell the
right person and Lord Voldemort might never find out.

He it just so happened he knew the perfect person.

---

Yes, I know that according to the seventh book Harry only connected to his
wand because he was Voldemort's horcux, but I'm a fanfic writer and thus a
character thief, and have very few scruples.
