# The Prince and the Dragon

"…*Now, your name.*"

"*Harold James Potter.*"

*A strangely sardonic look came across the professor's face, and his
scowl twisted up in a mockery of a smile. "Of course it is."*

Harry frowned, wondering if the man thought he was lying. It would be
the first time he had used that name since moving in with the Dursleys.
They *knew* he was Harry Potter. At least Vernon and Petunia Dursley
did. He wasn't so sure about Dudley. The idiot only ever called him
things like 'sauerkraut' and 'lederhosen-boy'. Regardless, the Dark Man
continued with his questions.

"Date of birth?"

"August 1st, 1996."

"Parents?" Again that sardonic tone, as if he knew already and found it
amusing.

"James and Lily Potter."

"Siblings?"

"They keep my evil twin in the closet under the stairs."

"Ha. Ha. Stay on topic, boy. Have you ever been informed of wizards or
witches outside the relation of fiction or religious fanaticism?"

"Er... I wouldn't know?"

"Do you have any objections to witchcraft due to religious beliefs?"

Harry hadn't been allowed near the Christmas tree, let alone gone with
the Dursley's to church on Sundays, and his youthful memories of it with
his parents had all seemed rather dull. He couldn't ever remember them
lecturing him against it in Sunday school. Why was he being asked such
an absurd question to begin with?

"As long as Satan isn't involved in anyway, I guess I don't care."

Snape looked ready to sneer, then seemed to remember something or
*someone*, and moved on.

"Any allergies or health concerns?"

"Er… I'm allergic to penicillin."

"And your eyes?"

"What about them?"

A sigh. "Near-sighted, far-sighted? Astigmatism?"

"Er… I couldn't see a barn while standing next to it without them on?"

"Astigmatism, then. Is your prescription current?"

"I dunno."

"No, then."

"Are you taking any medication or nutritional supplements?"

"No."

"Parasites?"

"What? Of course not!"

Snape eyed his dirty, ragged appearance critically. "We'll see."

"*Hey!*"

"Let us be on our way then. This has taken more than enough time as it
is," Professor Snape said with an air of finality. The other two
strangers nodded in agreement and rose to their feet. Harry stood
instinctively. The Dursley's were about to stand as well when the three
strangers each removed what looked like twigs from out of thin air, and
simultaneously called out 'stupefy'. His relatives suddenly slumped back
limply onto the couch, their expression's dazed.

"What did you *do?*!" Harry cried, moving to Dudley's side to make sure
he was still breathing.

"A simple stunning spell, Mr. Potter," 'Mr. Tweed' said, patting him on
the shoulder. "No cause for alarm. We've found it's easier for all
parties involved if muggles are stunned just before they're obliviated.
Less of a struggle. Less chance for*mishaps*."

"What? Stunning spell? Obliviated? What are you doing to my relatives?!
Who are you people? *What* are you people?"

"Why, we're wizards, Harold," 'Mr. Tweed' said, as if it were the most
obvious thing in the world. "Just like you." Harry turned to him,
looking for any sign of mockery or dementia. The elderly man stared
back, his expression calm, his eyes sparkling with intelligence and
confidence. A hand landed on his shoulder, making him jump. He looked up
to see Professor Snape's cool regard.

"It's time we were on our way, Mr. Potter. Do not bother with goodbyes.
In an hour, they won't remember you anyway. You will take nothing…" With
the speed of a cobra, he snatched away the sketchbook Harry had been
clutching through the entirety of the strange interview. "…of your
current or past life with you."

Harry immediately went to grab the sketchbook back, but Snape held it
above his head, and the boy was more than a little embarrassed that he
was short enough for the tactic to be effective. But as the man had said
earlier… there are men who try and men who do. Refusing to be defeated,
he leapt up onto the back of the sofa, and then made a lunge from it
once again. Snape was actually caught off guard, and rather than be
taken down along with the boy, he released his hold on the book. Harry
landed heavily on his arms, but with his prize in hand, he scrambled to
his feet and made a dash for the front door.

He was half way down the hall, when he heard the shout of 'ligo' and his
legs snapped together. He fell forward, his sketchbook flying the rest
of the way down the hall. Shaking, and a bit stunned by the fall, Harry
lifted himself on to is elbows. He tried to move his legs, but found
them firmly stuck together.

The Dark Man strode forward, his expression promising violence. The boy
cringed at his approach, but the man strode right past him to snatch up
sketchbook once again. As he did so, however, the picture Dudley had
assaulted days before, fell out of the binding and landed at his feet.
Snape glanced down, seemed to disregard it, but then looked again.
Longer this time. His expression turned inscrutable. He then turned to
look at Harry, still sprawled out in the middle of the hall glaring
daggers at him, and seemed to consider something. He finally picked up
the picture, getting a closer look, then carefully replaced it in the
sketchbook.

"Mr. Potter, I can tell you are going to make this difficult. I am sure
I can make it doubly so. In the interest of your health and my time,
which I would rather not spend filling out paperwork on why you are no
longer*intact*, I am willing to make a deal with you. If you come along
quietly and *behave* yourself, I will consider returning your little
scribble book."

"And if I refuse?" Harry snarled.

"I will burn it right in front of you, cast a full body bind on you, and
drag you along… without consideration for stairs, broken glass, or any
sort of foul matter we should happen upon along the way… to WYRA
Headquarters. Don't get the delusion that you actually have a say on
whether you are going. You may only decide on how you'll get there."

"…WYRA?"

Snape smirked. "Don't worry, Mr. Potter, you will be well acquainted
with WYRA soon enough." The man strode back down the hall, *over* Harry,
and back to the living room to inform his compatriots that he was taking
their charge on ahead. They cheerfully waved him off, then continued to
do who knows what to the Dursley's. He pointed his stick, Harry believed
it was called a 'wand', and muttered 'solvo' at him. Immediately, Harry
felt his legs release and he scrambled to his feet. Snape's thin,
powerful hand was on his arm before he had even balanced himself,
dragging him purposefully towards the door.

They left the house and made their way to the street, where Harry was
surprised to find a sleek black car, that looked better situated for the
1920s than the 1990s, was parked. The door opened for them and once both
were seated in the back seat, it started and drove away without a
driver. Harry balked, a thousand odd, incredulous thoughts flitting too
quickly through his brain.

"So… a wizard," Harry said, forcing himself to focus on something solid.
At the moment, the most solid thing present was the snarkiest bastard he
had ever had the misfortune to meet.

"Yes."

"And you're abducting me because I'm a wizard?"

"Yes."

"Why?"

Snape didn't turn his head from the front window, but his dark
glittering eyes slide over to him. "Wizards belong with wizards."

A jolt of excitement ran through Harry at the prospect. Other wizards?
Like 'Mr. Tweed' and 'Miss Blue'? Like him? There must be other children
wizards then. Would he finally make friends? Would he go to school
again? Did they have schools just for wizards and witches? Wizarding
teachers? Wait…

"Do you teach at a magic school, Professor?"

"Yes, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, the finest wizarding
school in Europe." There was a definite sound of pride in the man's
voice that time.

"Will I go to a magic school?"

"Can you read?"

"Yes."

"Can you write?"

"Yes."

"Can you cause spontaneous combustion, seal a room, and animate bed
sheets into relative-eating monsters?"

"Er… I guess."

"Then the chances are that you'll go to Wizarding school. Considering
the level of accidental magic you performed, you'll probably end up in
Hogwarts, or maybe Redbridge if you continue to be an utterly
incorrigible brat. Although... you're rather a bit older than most
children WYRA comes to collect."

Harry shrugged. His thoughts were dizzy with the possibility of
wizarding school. Of any school at all really. He hadn't been to school
since he came to live with the Dursley's. They had been so convinced
when the social worker dropped him off that he wouldn't know a sniff of
English they had immediately went off into a long, meaningless dialogue
that would be the defining moment for the rest of his life with them.
Out of spite, and more than a little fear, he had not disillusioned
them. It had been a very small, but very real power he had held over
them. The only form of control he had over his life.

"Tell me, Potter, where are your parents?"

There was a pregnant pause.

"Potter?"

"They're dead, Professor. They've been dead for three years now," he
said finally, and then, just to keep the other man from asking he
continued. "They… they were shot to death in a robbery. In the middle of
the day. Just like that. No one saw a thing. Perhaps if they had…"

There was another pause, one that Snape shared with his charge in quiet
introspection of some past memory. Finally, the man plowed through the
silence.

"Where was this?"

"Cologne, Germany."

"That would explain why it took so long for us to find you. You probably
did accidental magic when you were younger, just not in England."

"There isn't a Child Abduction Squad in Germany?"

Snape let out a snort at the ridiculous title.

"*WYRA*'s jurisdiction extends only to the British Isles. Germany's
policies on magical children's upbringing is considerably more…
liberal."

"But what *is* WYRA?"

"Look out your window and see for yourself."

In the fifteen minutes Harry had been concentrating on Snape, the view
outside his window had changed from a monotonous suburbia to...
something else. The roads were cobblestone, although the car ran
smoothly along, and everything outside seemed to come out of a Victorian
novel. Gas lamps lined the narrow street, illuminating shop windows with
store names like "Madam Madora's Magical Menagerie" and "Popkin's
Artificial Anatomy and Prosthetics". A few vendors selling jewelry, or
furs, or small animal corpses were packing up for the evening, flicking
their wands about until their stalls and wares folded themselves down to
the size of a suit case. People strode about, many of the men dressed
like 'Mr. Tweed' and the women in frilly full length dresses, most of
them with robes of various colors in the place of jackets and shawls.
Even as it was approaching eleven at night, the entire neighborhood was
still bustling with activity.

Where were they? They couldn't possibly be anywhere in Little Whinging.
But where could a community this large and this... *unusual* go
unnoticed? Just as he was about to turn ask Snape that very question,
the car stopped in front of a large official looking building.

At first, Harry though it was a bank with its Greek style collumns and
sturdy stone architecture, but then he noticed the statue. It was a
bronze statue of a tall, handsome man with a young boy on his right side
and an even younger girl on his left, both clutching either of his
hands. Harry noticed that while the man was dressed in elaborate robes,
the children looked like he had just pulled them out of a slum in their
tattered clothes. It all looked a bit contrived to Harry. Then he
noticed that there were words written on the pith of the statue.

"Wizarding Youth Reclamation Agency," he read out loud. He turned to
Snape, who was smirking at him. "It's an *orphanage!*"

"It is *not* an orphanage," the man snapped. "It's just was it says it
is. A *Reclamation* agency. Only in this case, they reclaim wizarding
children."

"And do what with them?"

Snape made a dismissive gesture. "Quarantine. Then adoption. Some
preliminary education if necessary."

"It's an orphanage."

The Dark Man sent him a rather wicked smirk. "Orphanages are for
children whose parents are dead or abandon them. I assure you most of
the children you find here do *not* fall under that category. Now, get
out of the car."

The car door opened, and Harry scurried out of it if only to avoid being
mowed over by the taller man. He whirled around to face him, but was
struck speechless when he realized the car they had arrived in had
completely disappeared. He probably would have stood there gawking for
several minutes, if Snape hadn't grabbed him by the collar and pulled
him roughly towards the Agency's doors.

"Bloody hell, you really are a Child Abduction Agency. That's *sick*!"

"Oh, Mr. Potter, you have not even *glimpsed*the depravity of this
world. This is likely the most humane aspect of our government that you
will ever encounter. Now stop dallying. Your romp through wild suburbia
has set us days behind schedule, and I do have more important matters to
attend."

"Need to go back to your lair to pull the wings off pixies, eh?" Harry
groused under his breath.

"Now that you mention it, I am running low," the man said evenly. Harry
couldn't tell if he was joking or not. There was really no winning
against this man... bat... ghoul... whatever.

They entered through a set of large marble doors inlaid with a carving
of a phoenix, which opened and closed with an ominous rumble. Inside,
Harry was surprised it looked just as grand as the outside. There was
thick gold carpeting, antique but comfortable looking couches, several
small potted trees, and pictures of children decorated the wall.
Strangely enough, all the children in the paintings appeared to be
asleep. He was dragged to what seemed to be the reception desk, and as
Snape began talking to the pretty woman behind the counter, he thought
he might have seen one of the children yawn.

"Did that-"

"Yes," Snape said, and then turned to leave. Confused, Harry moved to
follow him, but the witch behind the counter placed a hand on his
shoulder to stop him. She gave him a comforting smile.

"You'll be with me for now, sweetheart," she said.

"Oh."

Just as Snape reached the door, Harry remembered why he had been
following the man in the first place. He turned back, slipping out of
the woman's gentle grip, and ran towards him. "Hey! My book!"

Snape stopped. "What about it?"

"You said if I behaved and came along quietly I could have it back."

"No," he said, his voice dripping with cruel condescension. "I said I
would *consider* giving it back to you. And I have considered... and
decided against it. Goodnight, Potter." With that, the man walked out
the door. Flabbergasted, Harry just stood there, then made a rush for
the door only to find there was no handle with which to open it.

"How the *bloody hell-* That slimy, greasy, lügen, diebstahl, *Bastard*.
Ich töte ihn!" he raged at the door.

"Mr. Potter..." came a deep voice from behind him.

Harry turned around to see the pretty woman still standing where he had
left her. Only now she was joined by an older, much *larger* man with a
no-nonsense face that rivaled his previous warden's. Though he wasn't
wearing what Harry normally associated with guards, there was a hardy
blandness about his robes that reminded him of security guards. In one
hand he held a clipboard, and in the other a wand.

"... I trust we won't be having anymore trouble out of you, eh lad?"

The only thing Harry could do was nod meekly, and follow the pretty
woman deeper into the mansion.

---

Severus Snape returned to his private quarters in Hogwarts just after
one o'clock. He went immediately to his liquor cabinet and selected the
strongest bottle of brandy he had. In thirty minutes, he had shed his
robes and was nursing his third glass in his favorite chair. His
thoughts twisted about, finding paths to old memories he had thought
forgotten. Memories of less complicated days, when enemies meant fist
fights and jibes, and his greatest responsibility was to pass his NEWTs.
Nostalgia was strange company for someone like him, and memories of his
childhood nemesis and crush were particularly unexpected.

He had heard about their deaths of course. Albus had mad a vague
reference to it. Murdered by a muggle. Ironic. Sad. Vaguely pathetic. He
had not thought about it much then. He hadn't seen or heard from the
Potters in seven years, when- in a rather unGryffindorish act- they had
fled Britain and the fight.

He had completely forgotten that they'd had a child.

Forgotten about it until he came face to face with the incarnation of
them. James's, the plebeian narcissist, shaggy hair and stubborn mouth
and Lily's eyes, so brilliant they should have glowed in the dark. It
had been... painful? to see those forgotten features in living form, no
longer a past idea, but something that thought and spoke and *felt*. He
had almost forgotten that James and Lily had been actual *people*.

He wished he didn't remember.

He wished for purely selfish reasons, that whatever cruel bit of fate
had thrown Harry Potter right back into the twisted hands his parents
had fled the country from had never occurred. And knowing that wish was
now utterly futile, he wished that he never saw the boy again. Yet even
as he repeated that wish over and over in his head, his hand rested on
the stolen sketchbook, twitching every so often as if to fight the urge
to open it.
